at 30% normal accuracy ( 15% with rapid fire ) , the two will do the same amount of damage , on average . at 29% normal accuracy , a normal attack will do more . at 31% accuracy , a rapid fire attack will do more . x-axis = chance to hit with normal fire y-axis = average damage per ability use ( assuming 10 damage per successful hit ) assuming you do 10 damage per hit : at 29% normal accuracy , you will do 2.9 damage per normal fire on average , and rapid fire will do 2.8 ( 24.08% chance to hit for 10 damage plus 1.96% chance to hit for 20 damage ) . at 30% accuracy , both will do 3 damage per ability use on average . at 31% accuracy , a normal attack will do 3.1 average damage , while a rapid fire attack will do 3.2 average damage . here is a spreadsheet where i did the calculations .
you can only upgrade a merchant one time with the investor perk ( speech 70 ) . however you can get another perk , master trader ( speech 100 ) which gives every trader in the world an additional 1000 gold . [ source : game and official strategy guide ]
for mods in general , be sure your currently installed version of civilization is compatible with the mod . in this specific case , the caveman2cosmos mod did not work because civilization iv : beyond the sword was not patched to the latest beyond the sword version , 3.19 . the in-game patching has not worked for me on the three computers i have tried with it , but fortunately it is also possible to manually download and install the v3.19 patch from the downloads section of firaxis games ' website . this worked like a breeze and i am now able to play the awesome c2c mod .
after asking on both the steam forums , and contacting trendy games , it appears that is not a but , but instead a " feature " . not sure what the point is of split-screen if you are still only playing one player 's characters , but that is the way it is .
you can accomplish this using the item frame . maps show their contents , and compasses and clocks work as normal
the chakram launcher should be available to you immediately . once you find the first weapon bench you should be able to select it under the list of available assault rifles . alternately , if you find a weapon during a mission , you can choose to change your loadout and equip the weapon that way . if the weapon is not showing up , it might be that it was not unlocked . in order to unlock the chakram launcher , you have to get to the end of the 45 minute timed segment of the kingdomes of amalur demo . the reckoner knight armor should be available once you return to the normandy after the citadel section . if you go to the armory , there is an area that allows you to change your armor . the second slider down allows you to select the reckoner armor . regarding your ea accounts , no additional linking should be necessary as long as you are playing with the same account/console that you played the demo on .
in ftl a breach is a hole in the hull represented by a crack in the floor - you can see a hull breach in the room below the engine room in the below screenshot breaches slowly vent oxygen into space and also must be repaired before the system contained in that room can be repaired and so they can be particularly nasty when trying to repair vital systems in a room . the breach chance of a weapon is the chance that the wepon will cause a hull breach in that room when it hits ( i am not sure what probability " low " corresponds to )
baron nashor benefits baron can be very beneficial to your team . the monster drops 300 gold to your entire team and the buff gives stats equal to about 3000ish gold per person ( depends on the gold efficiency in lol ) . it is enough to turn a team that is slightly behind to being overwhelming more powerful . with this kind of power you can force the enemy team to make a choice , push out at the peril of getting ganked , let their lanes be pushed in from all sides and try to hold it back or try for a very strong initiate and win a fight . you will notice all of these options are insanely risky and if they back fire give you a very good chance of winning the game immediately after . do not underestimate the power baron can give to your team . knowing the benefits is half of knowing when to baron because baron is not always free and you need to ask yourself , is it worth not getting a tower or something to baron . when to baron you are looking to baron in general when : your entire team is alive or will be alive by the time he dies . you have someone who can tank and survive ( a character with sustain and good armor ) you have a lot of dps ( aa champions , cassepoiea type ap champs , etc ) a key member of the team who cannot get to baron quickly is clearing bottom ( do not do it if it is a shen of tf or someone with teleport ) a key member of their team is dead ( ad carry , ap carry , a major portion of cc , if they are alive but away and it is a carry they could clean up everyone ) you have smite and other ways to burst him down to prevent a steal you have methods to pull in and kill enemy champions who try to steal the enemy base is being pushed in hard by super minions and if they leave they will lose significant portions of the base typically you will want to engage a team fight on him if they are the ones getting attacked by him and you can get a very strong initiate . you will want to get baron if you can as well but focus on finishing them off . nothing is worse than them getting baron and winning the fight anyway . baron can add more dps to your team than a tower so if you can keep the enemy team in a spot to be hit by baron all the better . there are many more variables than can decide whether you should baron or not and it can be very difficult at times to tell when they lean in your favor or the enemies . try to consider how the fight will go , who will be there , would they engage on you , can you prevent a steal and is it worth it over just taking more towers or ganking them . baron vs nexus it is important to recognize when not to baron . i see a common mistake in a lot of matches is when they win a fight in the enemy base and they take an inhib that they will leave for baron . late in the game death is extremely long and towers can drop like flies . you can often easily win a fight at the inhib turret at mid and push all the way to nexus and kill before they will be up . try to consider how much dps you can do and who will be up first and how long it is between people . if it is a support coming up first they can not do squat about a full team eating the nexus . also consider if you can just kill the one person coming up before anyone else does to increase the time you have to break the nexus . remember , the point of the game is to destroy the nexus , everything else is secondary . do not be afraid to eat a few tower shots to break the nexus turrets . also just eating those waves of minions at the nexus will cause the lanes to all push causing a build up of minions and super minions . even if you do not get the nexus , they may be so over run , you can retreat , ward , do baron and return before they can leave their base .
for weapons and armor , they all become useless eventually . once you have got full adamantite armor/weapons there is no higher tier to mine and there is no point to making more of what you already have . however , even the lowly copper remains useful for watches , depth meters , timers , and hardmode boss summoning items . i would suggest keeping one hundred bars of each metal from copper to gold on hand and sell the rest . if you want to know what you can make from each kind of bar you can use the guide or the wiki .
i just tested this by merciclessly slaughtering sven and hilde while they slept in their riverwood home . unfortunately ( or fortunately , if you have , you know , scruples ) , even after death all of their chests are considered " owned": you still get marked as a thief for attempting to open them , which is a sure sign the room is not safe to store belongings in . so no , despite what davy jones or any salty seadog might tell you , it is not safe to use a dead man 's chest and/or store rum in it .
yes , the skill works with all burst weapon , including machine guns , shotguns and flamethrower .
the terror dart . always the terror dart . probably 80% of my game was path of nightmares and the terror dart . the thing about the terror dart is that it works against all enemies , including the late-game enemies that have multiple detection abilities . some lethal gear requires that the enemy move first , which is not always ideal . some of the other lethal gear only stuns and does not kill strong enemies , which means that you have still got to move in for the kill . the dart also takes care of a whole set of enemies at once , by causing panic and fear when they see the effects . enemies will freak out , walk off ledges , shoot their allies , and so forth . with path of nightmares , bodies you leave behind do not trigger alerts , they trigger panic instead . this can be extremely powerful against groups and in spots where you have got to hold out until time runs out . i did not find the distraction items to be that useful . the vast majority of the time , it is possible to get behind enemies and take them out with the sword . if you distract them , they become slightly more unpredictable in their behaviors , and they are still alive . with the dart , if you are in a sticky situation , death is guaranteed . if you find you need a distraction , the bamboo dart that you start with ( and have an infinite supply of ) will attract attention to your current location . you can set enemies up to fail by standing near a trap trigger and throwing a dart at them . they will come over to investigate and run afoul of the trap . there is also a late-game outfit that requires you to leave behind distraction items . this outfit is required for certain missions . therefore , if you invest heavily in distraction items , you are going to be out of luck when these missions roll around .
one trick that i like to use is to " clump " my nukes so that they are coming in to strike at about the same time . even if your enemy has a good anti-air defense , they can only shoot at so many nukes at once . to do this takes a bit of practice , and some timing : you need to launch from the further-away launchers first , then launch with the closer ones so that the missles end up being very close to each other once they are close to the target . with a lot of practice , and some imbalance in your initial placement of sea forces , you can get you 6 ground launchers , 12 subs , and 18 bombers ( 6 ground , 12 ship ) to all release nukes in a cluster ( for a total of 36 nukes ) , and maybe loose 4 or 5 ( less , if thier defense is split ) . remember : you only need them to be in-sync near the target 's defenses -- once you are past those , they can ( and should ) go to various targets . this is all much easier if you make liberal use of the really-really-slow button . just make sure you speed it up whenever you are not needing to do something , lest you piss of the other players .
bulbapedia has an extensive article on it , but it boils down to , in generation iii and on , there is no difference in stats between normal pokemon and shiny ones . generation ii ( gold , silver , and crystal ) is the exception because shininess is determined based on the stats of the pokemon . namely : if a pokémon 's speed , defense , and special ivs are 10 , and its attack iv is 2 , 3 , 6 , 7 , 10 , 11 , 14 or 15 , it will be shiny but , from generation iii and onward , it is determined based on a secret id and a trainer id , so it has nothing at all to do with the stats and will be just like every other pokemon . something fun to note is that if the male/female ratio is 7:1 , in generation ii , you cannot have a female shiny pokemon because of the way it is calculated .
on most home networks , there is only one " public " ip address , and it is assigned to whatever 's connected directly to your cable or dsl modem . this device is usually a router of some sort . this router box " shares " the single ip with all the devices on your local network through a set of technologies and protocols called network address translation , or nat . nat works seamlessly when computers on your local network are making connections to the internet , but it usually requires configuration if computers on the internet want to make connections to your local network . this configuration is typically referred to as " port forwarding . " for every server port you wish to make available to the internet on one of your local machines , you will need to set up a port forwarding rule . the way you do this depends on your router make and model , so you will want to read the documentation that came with your router . i believe some people have used portforward . com when their documentation was not readily available . the port you will want to forward is probably 27015 , although this is configurable on the command line to hlds . exe , so it might vary . you will want to forward it to the ip address of the local machine that is running the server . for instance , if your local machine 's ip is 192.168.0.50 , and you have got hlds set up on 27015 , you had need to set the router up to forward both tcp and udp on 27015 to ip address 192.168.0.50 . then , your friends over the internet could connect to your server by specifying your internet ip address ( which is the ip address your router is getting from the modem ) and port 27015 . there are a lot of thorny network issues that can also get in the way here . be prepared to do some experimentation , as this is likely to be a learning experience for you : )
i do not know why the double cart fails when hitting the dirt block there , but i am not going to give too much thought about it , given that it is a glitch we are talking about . replacing the end of the second booster with another circular return would let the boosting carts retain enough momentum to reset all the way to the first booster and the booster cart gain enough momentum for your evil needs . given that the first reset consistently did not break the double cart , this should also be safe .
to quickload , use f9 on the pc . ( for reference , f5 is quicksave on the pc ) i do not believe the xbox or ps3 versions have this button mapped , although there is indications that the upcoming xbox kinect support will add it as a voice command :
from the mass effect wiki the effect on me2 was : if the original council died , the new council will refuse to meet with shepard . if anderson is councilor , the commander can still be granted spectre status , but this is played down as being a mostly symbolic gesture . if udina is councilor , then shepard will not be granted spectre status ( this is the default condition for players who do not import a mass effect game file into mass effect 2 ) . but by the time me3 rolls around : by 2187 ce , the council is forced to acknowledge the existence of the reapers launch a full-scale assault against the galaxy . though shepard and councilor udina attempt to petition the council for aid in retaking earth , each individual species was more concerned with protecting their own borders . thus , the commander was forced to help the council deal with their own problems to gain their support . so it looks like the plot has been structured in such a way as to gain their support regardless of the past association .
unfortunately , there is not a way to do that . it is something people have been asking for on a few forums , but so far , it has not been implemented . you will have to wait to see what the random person decides to do , and if they choose to friend you , you can always unfriend them by right-clicking their name in your list of contacts , and then clicking " unfriend " .
on the bottom left of steam there is a button that says ' add a game ' simply click that , select ' none steam game ' and find the ' skse . exe ' which should be in your root skyrim directory . name it whatever you had like , does not matter . when you launch it via steam it will start skyrim using skse . however all the steam stats will be added to the official skyrim game in steam . so everything works as it should !
though the templar order is not the same as the paladins of zakarum or their splintered order of paladins , there are interesting parallels between them - kormac himself was previously a promising soldier of westmarch before ' joining ' the templars , suggesting activity in the old haunts of the paladins , likely linked to the fact that . . . . the templar order seeks scrolls stolen long ago by archbishop lazarus of the zakarum church . . . . and both orders seem to have some deep-seated issues with betrayal within and without , and supernatural beings trying to manipulate them .
you do not need to constantly produce villagers in order to have an effective iron golem farm . two basic conditions need to be in place for an iron golem to spawn : villagers : iron golems spawn if there are at least 16 villagers nearby . for every 15 total villagers , one iron golem may spawn ( 16 = 1 golem , 32 = 2 golems , 48 = 3 golems , etc . ) houses : it takes at least 21 houses to spawn an iron golem . a " house " in minecraft has a complicated definition ; here 's the simplified version on the minecraft forum : a block counts as being part of the " roof " when it is within 5 blocks of the door ( in the two directions the door faces ) , its topside is exposed to sunlight during the day , and its bottom side is higher than the door 's bottom side . notice that a door is not a " house " without a roof , or with equal amount of roof on both sides . that description is slightly misleading as the algorithm is more complicated . for more information , i recommend reading marfagames ' thread on the minecraft forum . generally speaking , with both those conditions satisfied , iron golems will spawn . i encourage you to read up on the specifics if you wish to design your own farm . lower down i also recommend a specific design . farming tips having more than a greater number of villagers will not affect the rate at which iron golems spawn . the number of villagers only determines the iron golem cap . if you drop the iron golems at least 5 blocks down from your farm , they will no longer contribute toward the iron golem cap , and more will continue to spawn . a house only becomes part of a village if there is a villager within 16 blocks horizontally and 4 blocks vertically . more resources jl2579 over on youtube has made several videos on iron golem farming , and has designed the most effective golem farm i have ever encountered . micromancero came up with a farm design that inspirqed jl2579 ( on youtube ) . docm77 has done a lot of work with jl2579 's farm on youtube . note : i would love to post more links , but i do not have enough reputation . jl2579 , micromancero and docm77 's videos can be found easily via youtube search .
over your games , there is a tiny word " games " denoting the grid column . click on it .
no one has it yet . it has not been announced yet . they needed to wait to confirm that the goal would actually be reached first before working on it , and now that it has , it'll probably come in one one of the next couple of updates . my guess is the last one right before ti3 , but like i said , that is just a guess . stay tuned .
no ; you can attack , but obviously less effectively than the assault juggernaut . the riot shield has a melee attack ( bashing ) , and you also get a usp . 45 pistol as a secondary weapon . the shield is mostly useful for defending ( say , a control point ) , but if you get a couple of team mates to follow you , you can also provide an nigh-invincible distraction and cover for an offensive front .
from what i can gather , the servers are shut down and things like roster updates cannot be done any longer unless you do it manually for all 30 teams . .
forked lightning is for use between casts of frozen orb . you said that 44% seems low , especially compared to 1000% from blizzard , but you are not taking everything into account . electrocute 's attack speed is really fast , so that 44% has a chance to trigger twice as often as the cast speed of other skills . electrocute is free . the primary attack on any wizard build is generally meant as a filler between " real " attacks , and forked lightning is probably the wizard primary that deals the most damage the fastest from range . blizzard deals 1000% damage over time , whereas this damage is instantaneous . they both have their uses , but comparing the flat numbers to each other is disingenuous . the reason forked lightning and frozen orb are used on the most common builds is because they both are the most efficient at what they do . they do not necessarily synergize with each other more than any other offensive spell/primary combination , but each one individually is very strong . frozen orb is a very strong arcane-power-costing offensive spell , and forked lightning is a very strong free offensive spell to cast when you can not afford more frozen orbs for the time being .
any effect that scales off of maximum health takes the current health maximum of the champion . this counts for on-hit procs ( bloodrazor ) as well as targeted abilities ( fizz 's trident ) and aoe abilities ( xin zhao 's ult , assuming it is levied against someone who is currently at their max health ) . those abilities take into account items granting permanent health , items granting temporary health ( red elixir , for instance ) , and , yes , lulu 's ultimate . while it should go without saying , anything that adds a shield , but not health does not increase the calculation for maximum hp . this design choice allows the developers to change the power level of abilities and items in a more granular manner .
it is a positive buff , probably it is from the ring dropped by the pursuer which increased physical attack .
first of all vilemaw is really very strong neutral monster ( maybe nerf ) who gets harder by every minute of game . general is harder than dragon and weaker than baron nashor . i will make a comparision by max health to understand dragon : 3200 + ( 220 * highest champion level ) vilemaw : 5011 + 280 per player level + 150 per minute baron nashor : 9876 + 125 per minute dragon health do not scale per time . vilemaw and baron scales making them harder and harder to beat late in game . additionaly vilemaw damage also scales in time . there are not any other monster which do that . he have dragon damage after ~17 minutes and baron after ~43 . in concluson - treat it as a challenge like a baron nashor .
yes you can , but you can only play vs . players who are also playing wings of liberty . people who own hots can set their game mode to wol , and then you will be able to play with them ; but most players nowadays are playing hots . no , this is only limited to hots . you can however form a party with someone who has hots and play any game type with them . in this situation , you can gain xp ( see spawning ) i am not sure in this one ; you can definately earn the achivements and although the " swarm levels " are appereant in wol but that feature only available in hots , i guess you cannot unlock the skins/animations ( except the decals/portraits , which you get as a reward after certain achievements ) . no , you can only produce the units available in wol if you want to play legacy of the void ( the second expansion for sc2 ) , you will have to buy it look around in retail or directly at the blizzard store , they sometimes have -50% off both the games . ( i would rather not trust some random key sellers ) additional info : there is a spawning-feature in sc2 . basically , you can play wol/hots with your starter edition if you play with friends that own wol/hots ( you can find more info on spawning at the linked site )
you can learn a single power in the normandy medical bay . learning a new one will replace the old power . it costs 5000 credits . powers will be unlocked through dialogue with your companions . each has 2 powers to give , one generally unlocking fairly early and the other one significantly later . make sure to talk to them after a mission both on the normandy and in the various citadel districts .
this was actually fixed in patch 1.2 ! awesome .
the esrb requires all esrb website council ( ewc ) members to add age gates to all websites for mature-rated or adults only-rated games : 2.2 if the audio-visual content contains material from a mature-rated or adults only-rated game ( or one that is anticipated to receive either rating ) , display an esrb-compliant age-gate prior to access or purchase . 2.3 utilize an age-neutral approach ( e . g . , “please enter your date of birth . ” ) , when requesting the manual entry of a birth date from a visitor trying to access age-gated audio-visual content ; 2.4 employ reasonable measures ( e . g . , dropping a session cookie ; returning visitor to the home page ) to prevent visitors under the age of 17 ( or 18 ) from re-entering a different birth date once they have initially been denied access to age-gated audio-visual content and utilize an age-neutral approach in the error message ( e . g . , “sorry , you may not access this content . ” ) ; source : esrb website council " code of conduct " ( pdf )
nationalism nationalism is a modifier that applies to all conquered provinces once conquered . what does it do ? in europa universalis iv , every province in your country has a " most likely " rebel type if the revolt risk in the province is above 0 , you can see what type by hovering the mouse over the revolt risk window and reading the tool-tip . these rebel factions will surface at a percentage chance per month according to their revolt risk . once conquered a province gets +14.00 revolt risk from nationalism . how long does this last ? nationalism last for 10 years after being conquered , as the tool-tip states what happens ? well , apart from giving an increased revolt risk by virtue of being affected by nationalism . not much , it just makes it increasing likely that you will suffer the spawning of a nationalist rebel stack/army . is this bad or good ? well , rebels are annoying , nationalist rebels have a few specific goals , and they can achieve those by successfully negotiating demands from their overlords when they control at least one province . nationalist rebels scoring a victory by their overlord negotiating therefore confers the following penalties and benefits titled local autonomy : province modifier : local autonomy ( in all occupied provinces for 20 years ) -100% manpower -100% tax -100% tariffs -100% production -50% missionary strength however the one advantage of allowing the rebels to succeed in their war goal , at least to the point of negotiation is that you gain -10 revolt risk to the province , which may help you maintain order in your empire if at a particularly low stability or prestige/weak geo-political standpoint . if you let them enforce their demands however , by letting the war-score tick over and not dealing with the irritating rebellion , you will find yourself acquiescing to the nationalistic rebel 's demands , which has the following effect : rebel nation released
i would buy a horse and run past it . they only cost 1000 gold which should not take too long to build up as you work on other quests . alternatively you could try to find a rock or some object along the path that you can jump onto where the sabrecat can not reach you and try to shoot it with arrows from there .
first , back up your save games and then you can try using autohotkey to create quicksave backups . the way i have set up ahk , it should refuse to overwrite files , but i would not trust your only copy of your skyrim saves to this , as it is untested . again , i provide no warranty , use at your own risk . try the following , using autohotkey : edit the paths as needed for the location of the quicksave file and where you want the backups to go . if you put the " backupfilename " location as the save directory , then it will probably show up in your list of saved games , and they will be named with the date/time you quicksaved previously . once you have edited it to your liking , you will have to put this in a file with the extension " . ahk " and double click . i do not have skyrim , so i can not test this out personally . hopefully it at least points you in the right direction .
for certain items there are basically two : randuins omen and frozen heart . both of them work really well for most champions . randuins provides health , armor an attackspeed debuff and a movementspeed debuff active while frozen heart provides mana , armor and cooldown reduction with a strong attackspeed debuff aura . basically there is no real hardcounter item to autoattackers but rather the basic thing you have to buy against these champions : armor . as you have already said , cc and kiting will be the most effective things to do against these champions . tt is rather bruiser and cc dominated this means you should not have too much trouble handling an autoattacker , just make sure you focus him right . now another item that is really effective against these champions is wooglet 's witchcap . the only problem with it : it is only viable on ap or hybrid champions . the active will still force the ( squishy ) auttoattacker to refocus .
short and sweet answer : no . danger zone is checked when the ability is cast . likewise , an ability that causes rumble to overheat will still cast ( even allowing the 2nd shot of electro harpoon , despite being locked out of other abilities ) .
if you are willing to " cheat " and spend some time on it , you can get all the levels for 25 bux apiece ( or less if you are willing to spend more time ) . i initially blew through 800 bux without getting a level so i got frustrated and started googling . here are instructions for android based on what i found ( sorry , you are on your own with iphone ) . get the planet you want in the 25 bux slot ( see note below ) , then : exit tiny death star put your phone in airplane mode start tiny death star send the 25-bux salvage droid and wait for return open the cargo . if it is a level , goto step 6 , otherwise goto step 7 yay , you got something you wanted ! collect the item press and hold power button and turn airplane mode off play for 5 min to resync with online servers goto step 1 boo , you got junk ! open the " recent apps " screen on your phone swipe tds away turn airplane mode off and wait for wifi or data to reconnect start tds you should get screen asking you to pick local or online , choose online after game finishes loading , goto step 1 ( or just re-enable airplane and goto step 4 ) so if you get a level , you continue playing and lose the 25 bux you spent . otherwise you restore to your earlier state and it is like it never happened . :- ) of course you can also choose to keep the special bitizens or other cargo if you think they are worth 25 bux to you . note that you can use a similar process to rescan ( using either the free scan or 5 bux ) until you get the planet you want in the 25 bux slot . you can also do this with the other slots but the chances of getting a level are a lot less so you just have to go through this more times . even at 25 bux , it will take you several hours to get all the levels this way .
seems like you are doing everything right . make sure to keep buff , dragon , and baron timers . if you can get your whole team to help try and steal all the enemy buffs instead of just taking their wraiths occasionally .
loot won in a clan war is automatically stored in the clan castle at the end of every war . this includes dark elixir . war loot cannot be spent until it has been collected , and if you collect the loot without a dark elixir storage you will lose it . the dark elixir will stay in your clan castle until you collect it , or until its raided . i recommend you read this page from the wiki which gives you more detailed information on clan castles . the miniature gold , elixir and dark elixir storages on top of the clan castle represent where the war loot is stored after a war has ended . you can see these in the following picture of a level 2 clan castle : source
how to : ( 1 ) start reviving one player , ( 2 ) res another , ( 3 ) finish reviving the former player . result : the former player will automatically and immediately get a second wind if they enter ffyl mode . it was patched in update v1.5.0 ( released april 18 , 2013 ) . fixed an exploit where players could become invincible occasionally through the siren 's res skill .
from the dayz wiki : slugs are solid rounds for shotguns that have decent range and stopping power . pellets are rounds of buckshot that spread out at short range ( about a quarter of the range of slugs ) . pellets are more situational , and are probably only superior to slugs in buildings .
for 2v2: check out the bottom section of liquipedia wiki - strategies . you can learn much just by watching youtube videos and practicing things you learned there . for 2v2 , check out these for 3v3 , there are existing articles out there : basic tips early-game : defensive builds mid-game : protoss mid-game : terran mid-game : zerg end-game : options i guess that once you are good at the above the 4v4 does not differ much , i would not suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer . it is not competitive either , as tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers . the maps are not made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced . . . unit synergy of different races i would suggest every race to create his own composition of units , why ? if you create only one type of units instead and your friend the others , you will depend much more heavy on one resource . ( example : marines would be minerals only ) when controlling your army , if you are alone it is much more easier to command your different types of units so they do not accidently die . then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines . . . if you were separated , you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late . when talking about different races , you can ask and plan what units to create to accompany your friends ' army . if he is planning an air assault , you could create some ground units just to distract the opponent away from the air as you both attack . . . is there some kind of roles in good teams ? this could be done , but can be risky depending on how you do it . . . for example , if you have a player that is only harvesting , his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that . but by doing that , you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them . . . so , for that role for example , do not just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it . think of his base as one of your expansions . this is probably an early-game problem to think about , maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him . . .
frag grenades are on a timer , and explode after several seconds , regardless of the surfaces they contact or where they roll . the advantage of the frag is that you can bounce it off of surfaces , and therefore you can do indirect damage to enemies that are around a corner . you can also get a bit more distance between you and a target , as they will bounce and roll on flat terrain . plasma grenades stick to surfaces , and then detonate shortly afterwards . this can make them good against enemies that tend to dodge when grenades are thrown at them . if you connect with the throw , it is a guaranteed hit , and in most cases a guaranteed kill . however , without the ability to bounce , they are a bit shorter range and can not be used as effectively for indirect fire . pulse grenades are the new promethean grenade type . when thrown , they detonate when the hit a surface . however , they will spend several seconds creating a shield- and health- draining sphere with a fairly limited radius . it is about as tall as a spartan , elite , or knight . after a couple of seconds , they explode , doing significant damage . since they are a bit more area-of-effect and damage-over-time , they are good for when you know you have an enemy pinned or stunned . the sphere 's area of effect also slows vehicles caught within it .
never did that before , but i think you should be able to do it by manually editing the saves files . more precisely the persistent.sfs file . there is a ROSTER category located somewhere down the file where you can find all your crew members . ( lookup their name ! ) you can revive them by setting their state back to 0 . ( seems to be confirmed by http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/41891-how-to-revive-the-%28bob-bill-and-jebediah%29 ) you can as well add jebediah to the command pod . lookup the ship 's name into the file and locate the crew = x value . change this to the number of crew member you want to add . jebediah should be 0 .
you can use the cat potion to easily see the blood trail in the forest . there are at least three trails to follow , all starting near the gate between lobinden and flotsam . by keeping ( mostly ) to your right , you will end at human corpses . but if you try to keep to your left , geralt will mumble something about " he is getting weaker , can not be far now . " that trail also ends in someone else 's body . but from there turn around and keep to your left again . cedric is not far from there .
brawl does not allow you to use the d-pad for movement if there is a control stick available ( on any controller , classic or otherwise ) . there are legitimate reasons for this ; using the d-pad instead of a control stick will gimp your controls slightly . i believe this also has to do with how the control maps are coded - because up , down , and side are different functions in non-wiimote alone setups , you can not " merge " the whole thing into " movement " and " jump " . ( they had to carve up a few mechanics to squeeze the game into the d-pad anyway , it gimped parts of the game engine itself . ) it is the exception ; the control stick is the rule ( and indeed the crux of the series ) . of course there are probably hacks for this , but i do not know any offhand .
there is none there is a big stonking problem with the double-extender . it does not work vertically . at least not , if you want multiple of them after one another . in order to line up the pistons , only one side may be used to power blocks adjacent to the pistons . so , let 's look at what our redstone has to do when , and where it can do it . for a down-pushing double-extender to work , we need to take a look at the following schematic : in order to " close the gate " , we need to extend the upper piston first , by powering the top block : then , we extend the lower piston , by powering the bottom block : with this , the double-extender is fully extended . now we need to pull it back in . for that , we first retract the lower piston by powering down the bottom block : now , retract the upper piston by powering down the top block : ooops ! now we have a floating block . to fix that , we need to extend and retract the lower piston again , by powering the middle block : good , now we have the theory down . in practice , this cannot be done on just one side ( which is the requirement for having multiple of them in a line ) . it is impossible to power all three layers individually at these distinct times , because redstone takes up a vertical air block . a condensed one-sided double extender only works horizontally ( as taken from minecraftwiki .net: vertical double-extenders only work with powering from multiple sides . for that purpose , i have also built an upside-down version of this vertical double-extender ( again ) from minecraftwiki .net:
the key is to not focus on the enemies . the goal is to power the ship , not kill the enemies . as you have seen , the enemies never stop coming . i got past this part by sprinting to the next power port whenever i got a new power cell from cortez . if any enemies were in my way , i would shoot them but other than that i would ignore any enemies since they take a long time to take down ( especially the brutes ) . for me , it took 3 power cells to fully power the doors . i believe that the various ports can be reused , if needed .
you can have two different memory cards , one for each user , but you will need to do a factory reset each time you swtich your memory cards , see the following video , courtesy of ign :
throw a regular ping onto him so your mid/bot ( maybe top ) know that he is there . do not engage the buff monster ( btw -- always fight these monsters in the bush so you get a heads up invades , sounds like you know this already but just in case ) . this plays out in one of a few ways : 1 ) he overextends and tries to fight you and your allies come and kill him with you . 2 ) he overextends and tries to fight you and you 1v1 him because you are stronger , he leaves and has to base and is now behind potentially . 3 ) he fights you but you are weaker and no allies respond to your pings because you are in silver -- disengage . if he attempts to steal your buff , you fight him and it is a 2v1 and you win . under no scenario do you let him take the buff for free , even as a weaker jungler if it is just him , you go for the 2v1 + smite steal attempt . 4 ) he attempts to take buff , you counter him as in #3 , then he leaves , then you start the buff , then he comes back . this is the trickiest of them all -- i would highly recommend not starting the buff unless your mid came and scared him off for good . if not , you should time your smite + most powerful ability to finish the killing blow , so he cannot simply smite steal if he has or gets vision 5 ) you are doing a buff , and he gets the jump on you and kills you or takes your buff . you either were unlucky ( low % ) , or you failed to time your smite+killing blow ability properly , or , most critically bad of all , you did not pull a buff monster into a bush . 6 ) if you are a jungler with a ward ( i.e. . aatrox ) , you can make this trivial by warding a path to your buff / his escape route and know for certainty if you can take the buff or not . if he does not see your ward , you can use this to spam assist pings and get your allies to come secure the kill for you .
to know how to play against a zilean you have to know what his strenghts and weaknesses are . zilean does exceptionally well in poking the enemy adc . he has a huge range ( 600 on autoattacks , 700 on q ) and incredible base damage on his q . so basically if you are a adc with average range ( 550 ) you will lose poke trades . he can also get in and out fast thanks to his movementspeed buff which will also make hitting skillshots harder . but there are three things about him which make him easy to counter . he has no real gapcloser . sure he is got that annoying 55% movementspeed buff but it will be hard to get away from someone with hard cc for him . he is incredibly squishy . as far as i know he is among the top 5 lowest base hp champions . also his base armor is not too great . he is really mana hungry . a zilean will do good amounts of damage of course but it will also cost him a lot of mana . unless he is running mana ( reg ) runes he will have trouble harrassing too often . and if he does include them in his runepage he will be even squishier due to the lack of armor/health . now how to play against him ? you should definitely take a supporter with hard cc ( leona/thresh/blitzcrank ) . also a really important thing is to hit level two before him . if you are level two and he is level 1 you will have a guaranteed kill . also if you are ahead once you will be ahead the whole game since zilean really relies on early snowball and he will even drop off lategame regardless of how many kills he got in early/midgame . so you could say the main key to victory against a zilean is a successful aggressive all-in playstyle .
the aliens " communicate " only with other awakened groups . however , their behavior of the " sleeping " squads will change according to the mission : if it is a normal abduction or downed/landed craft they will just sit quietly in their spot until you " activate " them . only the activated groups will take part in the action . one time even happened to me that i had an inactive group at the very edge of my line of sight ( i saw only one and a half of the three aliens in the group ) and an alien retreated back to where they stood , and they still were inactive . there is an exception to this with mechanical enemies ( the cyberdisk and the sectopod ) , floaters and mutons , which roam the battlefield and do not wait in one place , so they can activate themselves by entering your los . on a terror mission , the aliens are all roaming through the battlefield trying to kill civilians , so they can enter into your line of sight and then get activated , like the roaming enemies during abduction/ufo missions . however , both enemies on a terror mission and roaming units will not move to engage you , but rather move on the battlefield without clear purpose until they are activated . so they will not pursue you until they are activated , and if they are the ones that enter your los , they will not have time to engage you , which will give you 1 turn to deal with them , before they attack you . on bomb disposal and extraction missions there are 2 types of enemies : the enemies that are already in place , who will act as normal enemies and not get activated until you activate them , and the thin men reinforcement ( the thin men that drop from the sky toward the end of those missions ) . the reinforcement aliens are activated from the minute that they enter the battlefield , so even if one of them is far away from you , you can be sure that it'll move in order to engage and attack you .
ohai ! srs internet spaceship captain , here ! eve is ultimately a game about setting your own goals and taking satisfaction in achieving them . nothing else matters . not your killboard score , nor the amount of isk in your wallet , not even your spaceship fame . not unless you make them your goals . and believe me , those are the really boring ones . on goals themselves , there are two broad and inaccurate categories for them : in-game and meta-game goals . former would include anything that somehow affects the gameworld - accumulate x isk , build a corp with y members , etc . latter would include visiting every system in the cluster , collecting one of every item ( looking at you , entity ) in the game , figuring you what the heck is the big sleeper mystery or learning everything there is to learn about every game mechanic , effectively becoming an living eve encyclopedia . imo , metas are much more interesting , but to each their own . again , i want to reiterate the importance of taking satisfaction in achieving your goals . this should give you some ideas .
as of patch 3.7 , may 2013 , the game now officially supports item sets . you can define sets of items in the launcher , and use these in-game at the shop . you can define multiple sets , multiple categories per set , and any number of items per category . for each item set , you can specify what champions and maps it appears on , or set them to appear globally . in-game , you click on the recommended tab to access a drop-down list which will have all the item sets available to that champion for that map . if you specify an item set to be specific to a champion , it will default to that item set when you first visit the shop . once in-game , if you select an item set through the shop , it saves that item set selection in Config/game.cfg under [ recommendeditems ] , and the next time you play that champion on that map it will show the item set by default . the item sets are currently stored client-side in RADS/projects/lol_air_client/releases/*highestVersionNumber*/deploy/bin/preferences/*username*.properties . if you play on multiple computers , simply copy this file to copy your item sets . they have plans to move them sever-side in the future , so you will eventually have access to them from any computer . they have also hinted that they may be adding import/export functionality , to share your item sets more easily .
the reason this is happening is that the wii 's signal output is analog . with newer tvs , i.e. most lcd screens , the input is digital . there is a significant delay ( on the order of 4-10 frames , depending on the tv ) when converting from analog to digital . this is the reason you will see dozens of crts at venues for tournaments for older games like ssbm - the lag when playing on lcd screens is unacceptable . to solve the problem , anything you can do to reduce the processing the tv has to do will help . any settings that enhance the picture quality should be disabled for best results - ironically , this means that if your tv has a ' game mode ' to disable it , because ' game mode ' enhances the contrast and colour which is generally considered better for games .
if you are playing with a pack that includes extrabiomesxl , stay away from the redwood forests . the leaves of the redwood trees extend further from the trunk than vanilla minecraft allows , meaning that upon entering the biome , hundreds of redwood sapling entities are created and dropped . while these can be great for early fuel , rendering all them absolutely kills your fps . perhaps this is what caused your 2-3 fps while killing ( or being killed by ) the wolf ?
with a little luck and a lot of experimentation , i discovered that , at least on hard , yes , it is possible to finish this level without kills if you enter in your hitman suit . sneak behind the picnic table straight ahead as you enter the level . drop down the ledge . ( location a ) grab a throwable object off the table ( b ) and toss it into the corner . this will distract the two deputies . move to the corner of the house and climb up onto the ledge ( c ) . continue along the ledge , climbing again , until you reach an open window ( d ) . go in through the window , sneak into the next room , and then wait by the door for the deputy in the hallway at location ( e ) to be looking away . subdue the deputy and drag his body to the cabinet at ( f ) . grab his clothes . easy money . you now have free run of the grounds , with no kills against your score . alternatively , sneak past the deputy at f , continue down the hall and into the barbershop , and take the barber disguise .
there was another thread which asked why protoss was the easiest race . this was closed for obvious reasons , but i will repeat the answer i wrote : protoss have a number of things that make them friendly to new players : workers do not build buildings . instead they start buildings and the buildings build themselves fewer , stronger , units . protoss units tend to be tougher and more expensive than their terran and zerg equivalents . this can mean less micromanaging is necessary . good static defense . photon cannons provide both air and ground defense making them a nice staple for new players . strong gateway units . the bulk of a protoss force comes out of the gateway , one of the first structures you build . this emphasis on a tier 1-1.5 ( zealots , stalkers , sentries ) often makes life easier for new players . that said , i started with zerg , and i really enjoy them . also if you come from more traditional rts , you might find terran to be more familiar . in the end , it does not matter where you start as long as you put in the time to learn it .
yep , the m key will bring you right to the loadout screen for the class you are currently playing as .
though i am not into wow , it looks like somebody acquired the legendary staff dragonwrath , tarecgosa 's rest . according to wowpedia : once the staff is completed , blue drakes will appear hovering above stormwind and orgrimmar . these images both look similar , from mmochampion . org :
at the moment , there is no quick way to ready up when playing on the xbox 360 .
all items purchased via the store menu are lost upon a game over . these are power ups , bombs and extra lives . also , power ups seem to expire after a time limit as well , not just when you die . upgrades purchased through the upgrade/manage menus are permanent upgrades for the ship type you are using , you never lose them . you should max out your upgrades before buying power ups and extra ships as upgrades are relatively cheap for significant benefit .
the inferno armor is a " complete set " armor , ( so you can not mix and match armor pieces ) which is only available to purchase . kassa fabrications stocks it for 50,000 credits , or you can buy it off the terminal in the normandy 's shuttle bay for 10% more .
no . you can receive and use treasure maps as soon as you are able to canvass for guests at the quester 's rest in stornway . if you receive a treasure map ( whether through canvassing or the normal quest in zere rocks ) , you can share it through canvassing as soon as you have beaten that treasure map 's boss .
if you look at the top of the fence , there is an electrified wire supplying it with electricity . follow that to the source , turn it off , and then you can just climb over .
all you need is the game , internet and xbox live gold membership . to start it , click " xbox live " in the main menu . - click custom games or quick match to join someone else 's game . pick the match you want to join and then it will ask you to choose your character . everyones matches to choose from will be labeled by what level character they are and what quest they are working on . - click create game to start a game with your character .
are you at least a novince swimmer ? because if you are not dabbling or untrained swimmers will start drowning immediately upon contact with water , and require a ramp or stairway to get out . if neither are accessible , they are done for . ( emphasis mine ) if you are , you should be able to alt-move above . to get out , alt-move carefully against a shoreline and select the option to move above . from : dwarf fortress wiki : df2010:swimmer
you can play any way you want to and do not have to jungle . however , some champs are so good at jungling , that one usually prefers that to normal laning ( amumu , shaco , skarner and the like ) . you are right , that a jungler means that one other player is left alone against two enemies . however , he has the protection of a turret , which is enough in the early game to survive . plus , he levels almost twice as fast as his two enemies , so he will very soon have his ultimate available against two level 3 or 4 enemies . of course , some champions have a hard time to stay alone in a side-lane . make sure when you have a jungler in your team , that you have a solo-champ that can hold its own without problems . jungling can only theoretically be done by all champions ( sure , anyone can go into the jungle and attack creeps there ) . however , most champions are way too slow to make it worthwhile . they would profit much more from staying in a lane . these champions should not try jungling . if you want to try jungling yourself , then select a champion , for which you have one of these jungling guides at hand . do not just try any random champion out in the jungle . finally , the most important point about jungling is one that most novice players often forget . you do not jungle in order to remain in peace and level up on your own . you jungle , so you can level up and at the right moment appear in a lane for a surprise gank . enemies have to be constantly aware that a jungler may pop out of a nearby brush all of a sudden turning their 1v1 or 2v2 lane into a 2v1 or 3v2 problem . if done right , jungling can very quickly devastate your enemies , because the jungler has the power to turn around any lane . if one of your team 's lanes is having trouble , adding another champion to it will devastate the enemies and at least break their attacks . often , you can even net a kill or two . if you are a good jungler and help out frequently with ganks , then you will soon outlevel your enemies and the game can be pretty much decided in less than 20min . so in summary , do not doubt jungling . it is a very popular and strong strategy . however , be aware that being a good jungler is not easy . especially , when playing together with other novices , who may not know how to deal with a jungler in their own team . i suggest , you try to get at least several dozen games of normal lane-gameplay done , before you try out jungling yourself . and then , start with practice games , so you are certain , that you will survive the early jungle farming . it is most embarassing to die to the golem when no enemy was ever present .
this page on the oblivion wiki has a lot of your answers , including a list of all possible followers that you can get ( even quest related ones ) . keep in mind that for many of these characters , if they die their quest will fail , so its up to you to decide if you prefer a follower or the quest reward . it also addresses the issues of equipping your followers and managing them : one limitation of npc followers is that they generally have mediocre equipment . and since npcs never repair their equipment , it can become useless after a few fights . most followers will pick up the best quality weapon available in the area when they start attacking , so all you need to do is drop a good weapon in front of them at the start of a fight . you can add other items to your followers ' inventory by reverse pickpocketing , but only if the item is zero weight . a few zero weight clothing items are available , and can be made more useful with enchantments . the best way to acquire armor , however , is by taking advantage of the permanent bound items glitch ; a zero-weight version of any bound armor or weapon can be created this way . enchant armor with effects like fortify attribute or shield ; add effects like shock damage or absorb health to a weapon . your ally should automatically switch to the best quality item in their inventory , and will therefore equip your enchanted item . if not , fast travel or entering a new cell may be necessary . maintaining a large entourage may cause problems in that followers can hit each other in combat and end up fighting one another . - due to the nature of their attacks , followers with ranged , or area of effect attacks appear to be particularly vulnerable to this sort of behavior . like the player however , melee-based followers must strike each other 3 times before turning hostile to one another . - 100% chameleon will prevent this behavior , as followers are incapable of retaliating against invisible attackers . - pc users may also use the console to increase the disposition between followers . if you want to teach followers spells , the only way to do so is through the console .
some considerations about ips vs tn competition : ips costs more than tn ips reproduce colors better than tn ips has a wider viewing angle than tn ips has a slower response time ( latency ) than tn monitors ( 5-8 ms vs 2-5 ms ) ips ( at the moment ) does not support a 120 hz refresh rate . therefore if you want to play 3d games ( e . g . using nvidia 3d vision ) on ips monitor you can have 30 fps maximum ( 60/2 ) . these are general assumptions about these two different monitor technologies . then every product has his own story . you can read some good reviews on websites like , for example , digital versus . said this , if you do not plan to watch many movies or to play a lot of fps/action games and you have the budget i suggest you a good ips monitor because their are wonderful to work with ( program , web design , etc . ) . otherwise , go for a good tn monitor .
some of the non-monster books that i have read have added options to my dialogue . it will give me an option that directly refers back to the book that i read . i remember one conversation with dethmold in chapter 2 on roche is path where an extra dialogue option was given based on a book . however , i have never received an ability or stat bonus from reading a book .
general stuff most upgrades come have 3 or 4 different levels , which successively become more expensive and perform their respective task " better " . in nearly all cases , you always want to directly purchase the highest level/most expensive part , unless you absolutely can not afford it . the cost difference is usually negligible , for example a level 3 muffler only costs 3300 cr more than the level 1 one ( in gt3 ) . there is no reason to waste credits on the level 1 and 2 upgrades , since they are not incremental und further upgrades will not be cheaper . the only exceptions are turbo and na tuning . their highest level is not even available for all cars , and the level 3 upgrades are significantly more expensive ( over 65000 cr ! ) than the level 2 enhancement . unless you are swimming in money , it is better to get the best bang for the buck and only purchase level 2 . another downside is that both high na and turbo upgrades provide a huge hp boost , which can make normal street cars , especially lower tiers , very difficult to drive due to the excessive amount of wheelspin they produce . you can not transform your stock renault clio into a full-blown endurance racing machine . even if it could keep up hp-wise and is fully upgraded , specifically built racing cars will still perform better . that said , racing cars you buy or win will already have most upgrades installed or are unavailable . usually turbo and na upgrades are the only possibility for them . weight upgrades are a special case , you always need to purchase the previous level to upgrade to the next . the level 3 upgrade is pretty expensive and reduces the weight only marginally . unless you have too much money , this upgrade can wait . basic upgrading in the beginning , when money is scarce , one should concentrate on upgrades that are cheap and provide a reasonable performance enhancement for their price . the first upgrades should be : muffler/exhaust level 3: a cheap upgrade that gives a good amount of hp for the beginning . sport/racing brakes : there is only one level available , but these are essential . more power requires also stronger brakes . the shorter your stopping distance is , the less time you lose in corners . racing chip : very cheap , but provides a bit more engine power . port polish : one-time , permanent ( non-removable ) upgrade . adds some hp for a low price . weight reduction level 1: reducing the weight of your car is beneficial in all areas , and the first level is cheap and provides the highest reduction . sport tires : provide more grip than normal tires , especially in the first races . not necessary later where racing tires are needed and you can afford them . further upgrading and tuning the next steps should be level 3 transmission and suspension . these are a bit more expensive , but if you plan to use your car a little longer , these are must buys . they unlock the tuning options for changing gear ratios and various suspension settings , which are vital for more difficult races . gear ratios can be changed for better acceleration/less top speed or less acceleration/more top speed . you do not want to run out on gears and hit the limiter while you are halfway through a high-speed straight ( motegi oval , test course etc . ) . likewise you do not need super high top speed on tight city courses with a lot of corners and few straights ( such as côte d'azur/monaco ) . with suspension tuning you can for example lower your ride height , which is one of the easier ways to reduce drag , or camber settings , which can improve cornering when used in moderation . then you should consider buying engine upgrades . turbo and na upgrades are in most ( all ? ) cases mutually exclusive , you can not put both of them in your car and their availability depends on the aspiration of the car 's engine . level 2 for both is sufficient , they provide a huge hp boost and improve both acceleration and top speed . for low-power cars with turbo , it should be noted that upgrading the turbo can make the car perform rather different . a turbo needs high torque/rpm to work efficiently , so if your car is generally underpowered , a turbo may not bring the improvement you think it would . other upgrades : racing intercooler level 2: for turbo cars , is cheap and adds a good amount of hp . carbon driveshaft : cheap as well , improves the acceleration of the car clutch level 3 ( triple clutch ) : cheap , improves gear shifting time and acceleration in conjunction with : flywheel level 3 ( racing flywheel ) weight reduction level 2: further reduces the car 's weight , more expensive and fewer reduction than level 1 but still justifiable to buy there are some other upgrades , which provide a rather bad price/usage ratio or are only applicable for special cases : engine balancing : relatively expensive for the low amount of additional hp weight reduction level 3: expensive and reduces the weight only marginally nitro : provides additional speed on demand while racing , i honestly have not used it much to write something intelligent about it . increase rigidity ( gt 4 only ) - makes the chassis of the car " stiffer " and less susceptible for bending . helps on used cars and if you plan to drive very long time with a production-grade car . variable center differential ( vcd ) : 4wd cars only , can be used to change the power distribution between front and back wheels . helpful if the car is used for both circuit ( to give more power to the rear ) and rally racing ( to get the most from the 4wd ) . brake balance controller : can be used to change the braking power on the front/back brakes . if you have a higher braking power on the back wheels , the car will oversteer under breaking which can help cornering a bit . displacement up : can only be used on nissan skylines ( ? ) , improves hp and torque . tires tires are less of an issue in the beginning , but get more important in races with tyre wear enabled . in most cases , normal and simulation tyres for racing purposes can be ignored . go for sport tyres in the beginning . dirt/snow tires are only used in rally and " special condition " races . racing tires are generally better in later and longer races . they come in different versions , from super hard/super slick ( low grip , long endurance ) to super soft ( high grip , low endurance ) . the harder a tyre is , the longer it will take him to warm up . the tyre wear ( if enabled ) is displayed in the lower left corner of the screen while racing . blue means cold tires ( =lower grip ) , they heat up to green ( optimal grip , good condition ) and wear down to orange and red ( low/no grip , bad condition , should be replaced ) . selection of tires depend on the race length , track , car and driving style . you want to pit as few times as possible , and finish short races ( &lt ; = ~5 laps ) without a stop . you have to experiment a bit and watch how fast the tires deteriorate . however very soft tires can usually only be used for a quick qualification lap . from my personal experience , endurance races should be run with super hard tires , shorter sprint races can be run with hard or medium-hard tires . if the ai pits in a shorter race , you can either select a softer compound and benefit from the better grip , but lose the same time as the ai while pitting , or use a harder compound with no need to pit . in that case , even if the ai is initially faster , you can still overtake them while they are in the pits . remember that you can fit different tires on the front and back wheels . if your car wears the back tires more than the front ones , you can fit a softer compound on the front wheels .
bots are available in two flavors : beginner and intermediate . this is the only thing that affects the difficulty of the bots in game . bots do not scale vs summoner level , though rewards for beating them do .
the kinect uses a couple of things to determine a person 's location in a room . an rgb camera , which is similar in technology to a standard webcam an infrared laser projector and sensor , which helps it judge depth in 3 dimensions blacklights are primarily ultraviolet , which puts them at the opposite end of the visible light spectrum from the infrared laser sensor . the other sensor is primarily concerned with the visible spectrum , and probably will not respond to ultraviolet light . therefore , i would not think the blacklight would be detectable by either of the kinect 's sensors . when it comes to strobe lights though , you are more likely to have problems . for one , strobe lighting implies that sometimes it is going to be dark , and sometimes it is going to be bright . this is going to confuse the rgb camera , as these types of cameras require post-processing to compensate for light levels . try aiming a webcam at a window , and then closing and opening the shades while it is sunny outside , and you will see how these types of cameras react under changing light conditions . i do not think this type of response would be conducive to gaming , especially since the kinect 's response under normal lighting conditions is kind of picky and finicky at best .
the list of hidden commands on the computer is as follows : no yes aniwey cedric 17 dixsept soinou 42 cp rm cd ls emacs vim vi nano startx mkdir sudo su lol pwd mv pacman tobias deinol dani godsturf mlp help command these were extracted directly from the source code .
the " leave it alone " / " do nothing " option generally avoids the chance of combat encounter . there are the occasional downsides to avoiding such encounters are there are frequently third options available ( such as " purchase an unknown weapon " for the " black market weapon trader " encounter - which can also lead to combat ) however the upside is that if your ship is in a bad state , " leave it alone " style options will normally allow you to move from the current node without the potential for more destruction occurring . of course , there are examples where even selecting the " leave it alone " style option will still result in combat , for example against " the black raven " encounter , where refusing to duel the black raven will still result in you duelling . here are some examples of some of the random encounters and what their " leave it alone " option avoids ; ancient device - leave it alone avoids an encounter with a rock ship black market weapon trader - ignore it avoids an encounter with ha pirate ship but also ignores the chance for a random weapon black raven - decline has the same effect as accept and you will still have to duel bump hulls with a mantis ship - *this place is dangerous enough . move on " avoids combat with a mantis ship single life form on moon - ignore the signal prevents one of many outcomes from hull damage to gaining a crew member civilian ship chased by a pirate - stay out of it avoids combat with a pirate ship friendly ship out of fuel - apologise , with them luck and continue on results in you missing out on a positive outcome ( free weapon , map for current sector , etc )
a toast is what shows up whenever you earn an achievement . it flashes the achievement name across the bottom of the screen . if you find them distracting , you can disable them with a menu option .
you can join any quest in your current difficulty if you are invited or joining through the friends list , though there are requirements for stepping up in difficulty - you must have killed the previous difficulty 's last boss , and meet a level requirement for the difficulty : level 25 for nightmare level 50 for hell level 60 for inferno public games have a stricter level requirement , and require you to have reached that quest .
you have too many octopi . they will be preventing you from moving right . i am afraid you will have to abandon your progress and restart , maybe without the obsidian crown ? i find it easy to get through the forest with the jasper crown and enchanted monkey staff . as a general rule , in most levels , if you can not see the background scrolling , you are not moving and the level will not progress . this is particularly relevant in the sea , where if you wedge yourself against the ground the waves of fish will not end .
my installation directory for quake 3: -C:\Program Files (x86)\Quake3 the pro installer put the q3config.cfg file in : -C:\Users\[My name]\AppData\Local\VirtualStore\Program Files (x86)\Quake3
homeless are created when low-wealth sims do not have any source of income . this does apply only to low wealth sims as medium and high will simply move out and leave the city when they run out of money . due to the random nature of resources being moved around your city ( including the sims ) it is possible that you can get homeless even with out an unemployment rate . certain buildings may just simply not get a return worker to them as they found closer houses to return to of their wealth level . homeless will despawn over time but it can take a significant amount of time and they do not help a city in any manner to keep them around . abandoned buildings will keep them in the city longer . they will also use up slots for visitors to your parks thus reducing their effectiveness . to actively remove homeless from your town you need to keep your city rid of abandoned buildings and provide a bus system . it is the bus that the homeless will take to leave your town . it is honestly better however to try and keep ahead of the curve . if you have unemployed within your city you have to remember that building more places for them to work is not the only solution to that situation . you can rezone some of the residential area for a park or the like reducing the population you have while boosting the overall happiness ( not land value directly if you use the right parks ) of your sims in the area . hope this helps .
no , you must collect all the items in addition to unlocking them in order to get golden god . i unlocked this achievement after completing challenge 1 in wrath of the lamb after picking up the ( very dreadfully bad ) dead cat item after a boss fight ( ? ! ) . sure , completing the challenge unlocked the candle &mdash ; but that is a dlc item , so it does not count .
you can play on whatever server and region you choose . once you are there , you can create five characters on that server . that is it . you can not have multiple characters on multiple servers . you can transfer from a server to a different server in a different region at any time &mdash ; for a cost . that is what the game tells you when you join a server for the first time , anyway . i am in italy and have played the free weekend on a us server . i never felt lag getting in my way , but then again i kind of suck at mmorpgs . . .
that part of the tutorial seems to be currently broken . in a recent version ( v1.09 ) , selecting map modes changed . what you are supposed to do is to click on the + button : which will show the various map modes that you can use ( independent realms is the second button with the image of a shield ) : but doing this does not work in the tutorial right now . i think you will have to skip the rest of this tutorial and continue with other tutorials . ( there is a ▶ button for that in the lower left corner . ) this bug has already been reported by other players .
they can spew a poison cloud when ' killed ' , and sometimes i think they spawn accursed or other poisonous guys as well ( similar to grotesque mobs )
notorious problem i am afraid . not so much missing software but you will have a version of directx so advanced it is incompatible with early games . some users have had luck running diablo using compatability modes for windows xp or earlier , or even virtual machines/dosbox or equivalent , so you could try those first ?
hopping with vertically aligned boats or minecarts .
the way you are matched with teammates/enemies actually has not really changed at all . it is still based on your rating . however , the name has changed from elo to hidden mmr ( match-making rating ) and it is no longer a visible number . you are always matched with players of a similar mmr . however , since , unlike elo , this rating is not visible , you can not necessarily see that when you check other players on lolking . what is more is your mmr does not necessarily match up exactly with what division/tier you are in , especially if you have been winning or losing a lot lately . example : you get placed into bronze 1 and start winning 80% of your games , but you lose 45promotion series in a row . your hidden mmr is probably close to silver 3 level , but the series requirement is holding you back . you will be matched with silver 3 and 4 players . example 2: you get placed into gold 5 and promptly lose 23 games in a row . your mmr is now closer to silver 3 level , but you can not drop to silver tier unless you go inactive . you will be matched with silver 3 players . i am surprised you are seeing players over a tier away from you , but i suppose they must be huge outliers in terms of mmr . it could be because those players are in a duo queue with players in a much lower division , like gold iii player playing with his bronze i friend for example . either that , or you are playing in ranked 5s or 3s . to conclude : it is not your tier/division that determines who you play with , it is your hidden matchmaking rating ( mmr ) .
all devices that you have plugged in should show in the windows device manager , whether they have a driver or not . in windows 7 , hit the windows key and type device m in the search and you should see device manager , select that . in the top level of the device manager , if you plug in the wireless controller , you should see a top level of " microsoft common controller for windows class " if you do not see that , and the device is actually working , it should show in an " other devices " or " unknown devices " section . if that is the case follow the instructions in this article . or better yet , this article here which seems to work for people that can not get it going any other way . it says it is for vista but vista and windows 7 share the same driver model . if you plug it in and nothing happens at all , then you probably have a dead device . i believe the light comes on when it gets power , even before the proper driver is loaded . ( not 100% on this ) try it on a second computer . i had a perfectly good xbox 360 wireless adapter that worked for a few years , not tons of use . then i pulled it out of a drawer after it lay dormant for 6 months or so , and plugged into a computer it worked on before , it did not do anything . i tried a second computer , same thing . the computers did not even recognize it as a device . i went out and bought a new one at best buy , plugged it in , and it worked , no problem .
you can get back to the server selection screen by clicking the back button on bottom left on the character selection screen . take a look at torstatus .net. it lists all of the current swtor servers and provides graph listings of server population over time . you can see which servers are the busiest and at what times . right now it is best to avoid the high population servers , unless you like queuing up to enter .
even if you have played the demo , you can not skip the tutorial section of the main game . however , as @raven said in the comments , the demo did let you skip the tutorial if you play it for a second time so i imagine that the same is true for the main game . i played the demo twice , and skipped the tutorial the second time through . i recall only having minimal items in my inventory after skipping the tutorial ( one set of armor for each of might , finesse , and sorcery ) and a few weapons . you probably get more loot playing through it , which you can sell for gold once you get to the first town . more gold is never a bad thing . : )
two points have to be met in order for you to obtain gold stars : you must be playing on expert difficulty ( all instruments if there are multiple players ; if guitar , bass and vocals are on expert , but drums are on hard , you will not get gold stars no matter how well you perform ) . you must achieve a certain number of points ( generally around 1.4x the 5-star score in rb2 ) ; this can require taking an optimal overdrive path through the song , but does not necessarily require getting 100% . for drums , you can find a list of optimal activations here , and tips on improving your score here . for guitar/bass , you can find a list of paths and the scores different score-improving techniques will optimally net you here . for vocals , here are the paths for rb1 , rb2 , and dlc . this site shows you the cutoffs for each star ranking on the instruments and difficulties of your choosing for all games/dlc ; put the instruments on expert to see the gold star cutoff .
this can be done with dropbox and a line in command prompt . quit terraria to make sure none of the files are in use . look for the folder C:\Users\&lt;username&gt;\Documents\My Games\Terraria ( this is the windows vista/7 location ) . move this folder into your dropbox folder . open command prompt with administrative privileges by right-clicking on it in the start menu and choosing " run as administrator " . run this command : mklink /d "C:\Users\&lt;username&gt;\Documents\My Games\Terraria" "C:\Users\&lt;username&gt;\Dropbox\Terraria" launch terraria and verify your characters and worlds are available . repeat steps 4 and 5 on each additional computer that you want your characters and worlds to be available on .
it is really great to know people are still playing smac ! : ) strategywiki contains a standard version of tech tree , with linked articles on facilities , units , and government types . this smax faq is also a great resource to get familiar with . another thing is that you should not look at tech tree as something ultimate . depending on a faction you play , you should focus on different techs research order . civgaming contains some great suggestions , let me just list the major ones : unless playing hive and morgan , your goal is instant pop booming . so researching ethical calculus and planetary networks is almost an ultimate goal ; if your strategy is builders , industrial automation is a must to build supply crawlers ; unless one of your opponents are university , try researching secrets of the human brain as it gives an early free tech ( zak often researches it first ) ; your social economics settings , in a combination with faction profile , also highly impacts on what to research first ;
it affects any creature that wears lootable armours exactly how it affects the player . so for goblins and other creatures with armour on their model but no actual armour items , it has no effect . my source is personal experience . i am the author of a mod that adds a pitcher plant ingredient with corrosion as one effect , so i had plenty of time to observe this during development , testing , and normal play .
there are two parts to the hunger problem in nethack : gaining nutrition and reducing nutrition loss . under normal conditions , each turn , you lose one point of nutrition . you start with 900 nutrition , and start feeling hungry when you drop below 150 . at 0 , you will faint . starving to death happens at a negative value based on your constitution . nethack is a very complex game , so there are exceptions to most of the guidelines below , and other , more obscure ways of sustaining yourself , but these general principles are good guidelines . gaining nutrition comestibles . the most straightforward way to gain nutrition is to eat comestibles ( labeled as % - food , meat and corpses ) . the amount of nutrition you get depends on what you eat . early on in the game is often the riskiest time ; you may not start with much food . at this stage , it is normal to eat as many fresh , safe corpses as you can get your hands on . if you make it that far , there is guaranteed food in the sokoban levels , which are accessed somewhere between levels 6-10 . praying . praying while weak will restore your nutrition , but safe use depends on your current prayer timeout . also , using up your favour with your god could backfire if you have a sudden unforseen need ( e . g . you have gained a fatal illness like food poisoning , or are being turned to stone ) . convert boulders to food . as theist points out , you can convert boulders to huge chunks of meat if you have the stone to flesh spell . these are hugely nutritious ( 2000 points ) . reducing nutrition loss wear a ring of slow digestion . this is a great item , if you can find one . it changes your rate of nutrition consumption to 5% of your normal rate ( giving you twenty times as long to find food ) . as grace note points out in the comment below , this is because you are only paying the nutrition cost of the ring - your standard rate of consumption is halted . take off your rings . in general , you lose one nutrition every twenty turns for each ring or amulet you wear . rings of regeneration are particularly pernicious ; if you are wearing one , you will lose a point every other turn . drop your stuff . if you are stressed or heavier , you lose a point every other turn . do not cast spells . spellcasting makes you hungry ( unless you are a wizard with high intelligence ) .
climax is pretty devastating as well . it uses souls to power the spell , and can ( generally ) one shot almost anything . including most other players .
yes , all bonus mana is kept , provided you are upgrading the tear into a staff , and not selling it or something crazy like that .
nope , there is no trivial way to software-lock the use of the xbox 360 short of modding it . taking the brick or av cable is probably your best bet .
taken from the wiki : flint is only obtainable by mining it yourself or exploding the gravel ; making gravel fall onto a non-solid block ( e . g . torch , sapling ) does not produce flint . the best method i found when trying to farm bunches of flint is a shovel with fortune enchant . i believe fortune 3 gurantees a flint every time . so i would just build a 2x1 or 1x2 tower of however high i needed , and dig away to quickly convert all of the gravel to flint .
it means it is a new recipe after you recently trained your artisan . if you close it and re-open the star should be gone . journeyman is simply a certain tier of your artisan after you trained him sufficiently .
after doing some research , it appears that animals in mcpe do respawn after a while . this will only apply to passive animals that have been previously killed , such as , sheep , cows , chickens , pigs , etc . i believe the amount of time it takes for them to respawn is random though . hope thi helps !
geralt loses his ( steel ) sword in the cutscene at the end of the fight . it does not automatically go to your inventory , but you should be able to find it on the floor . i am not sure why you are not seeing it there . perhaps you have to pick it up right after the fight , or maybe it will not be hightlighted by the medallion ?
the big disadvantage of sprinting only happens when you do so into unknown space . sprinting into an area , only to uncover one or more " nests " of aliens is a quick way to get your face plastered onto the memorial wall . in most cases , you want to split your move up , just in case your first ' half ' of a move changes the tactical scene . there is one benefit to sprinting , though -- reaction fire takes a -20 penalty to aim against a moving target . it is not a benefit you will see often , but dashing into safety might be the best option if one of your squaddies is surrounded by hostiles , or being suppressed .
while from software did a great job with the new keyboard/mouse control system for dark souls 2 ( ds1 was absolutely atrocious ) they are still not quite there in the pc community . do not get me wrong , the game works brilliantly but thats beside the point . as far as i know , there is no way to bind keyboard to mouse controls in game . there is a menu that allows some controls for the mouse to be used on the keyboard but i doubt thats what you are looking for . if you happen to have a steelseries mouse you can actually bind keyboard keys to mouse buttons using the steelseries engine . i do not know if other companies have this , but this is the only way i can think of to be able to do what you are looking to do . ps : i forgot to mention that a wired ps3/xbox controller can be your best friend when playing any of the souls games . i bought one from a friends recommendation when i had just got ds1 on steam and that was a lot easier than trying to figure out the damn keyboard and mouse controls !
definitely upgrade ground melee attack , not only does ground melee attack have better dps with a brood lord , it also complements the higher tiered zerg units as well ( crack-lings and ultralisks become very common for rebuilding a late-game army after an encounter ) . with that being said , if you are planning on going mass mutalisk early in the game , the air upgrades may provide a natural transition into brood lords but make sure you start researching ground attack as you transition . prioritize ground melee , but do not forget that flyer attack helps as well . zerg late game should provide you with plenty of resources to get both upgrades when your army is maxed .
more often than not it is sabatoge , which is remarkably easy to do to the singularity . even so , this alone is a reason you or another engineer should regularly check on it to make sure it is okay . there is quite a few things that can go wrong . plasma tanks could be low , in whichc case you will need to replace them with new tanks , which you should be able to check with your pda shields could be lowered , either by accident or by sabatoge emitter could be broken , either by accident or sabatoge emission rate could be set too high ( it should be on , but always set to 0 ) containment could be compromised , usually by sabatoge but occasionally accidents can happen the darn thing could just grow too big the last point is one you will be wanting to check on about every 15 minutes or so . if it gets to a 4x4 size , then it has gotten too big and is in danger of breaking out of containment . you will want to turn the emitter off until it returns to a size of 3x3 .
being a fairly avid d2 player , i can tell you that it works in roughly the same way . just like in d3 , as you go up in difficulties , creatures become much stronger . in d2 , many of them gain immunity to specific elements , and the likelihood that you would encounter a unique ( yellow/gold monsters ) or pack of champions ( blue monsters ) is increased . additionally , uniques and champions have more modifiers when you encounter them ( similar to in d3 ) . in much the same way , the acts also scale in difficulty . in fact , blizzard did a very good job of making act 5 harder than act 4 of the same difficulty , but not so much that it was much harder than act 1 of the next . a lot of this comes from the fact that as you increase in difficulty levels , a lot of your stats are reduced . for example , in nightmare , all players suffer a -50% reduction to all resistances . additionally , life steal effects are cut to a quarter . when you go to hell , the player starts with -100% resistance ( yes , it was completely possible to have all negative resistances , which would , as you had expect , amplify damage taken from that source ) , and life steal effects were cut to 1/8 . another big spike in the difficulty was also mentioned above : the more common appearance of uniques and champions . in normal , it is unlikely that you will find more than 1 or 2 packs of uniques or champions in any given area ( for example , the stony field ) , excluding super uniques which always appear in the area ( like rakinishu , blood raven , bishibosh , etc ) . however , in nightmare , it is not unlikely that you will simply encounter 2 packs of uniques/champions at once . then you might have to deal with something like " cold enchanted , extra fast " at the same time as dealing with " lightning enchanted , multiple shot " . that , along with natural monster immunities ( for example , the entire fallen tribe becomes completely immune to fire damage in hell mode ) makes hell mode much more challenging than even act 5 of nightmare .
probably not , the logistic pipes mod itself has no method of uncrafting , and the only method i know off is the twilight forest uncrafting table , which requires experience to uncraft and can not be automated . if you find a different automatable way of uncrafting you can use the standard crafting logistic pipes to automate it into your logistic pipes network .
that is exactly the situation i was in . yes , you can use fallout 3 savegames ( boxed ) with fallout 3 goty ( steam ) ( if you had any mods installed in your original install , it will tell you " some features of this savegame are no longer available . these features will be disabled . " - my savegames still worked perfectly though ) i had to move the save files to a slightly different location , though . my original saves were stored in c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\ ( the xp-equivalent of that would be C:\Documents and Settings\BlueRaja\My Documents\My Games\Fallout3\Saves\ ) my new saves were stored in ( and thus my old saves had to be moved to ) : c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\blueraja\ i would recommend installing and starting the new copy and , if it does not recognize your old saves , create a new game and save it real quick to let it create the save-directory , then move your save files to the new directory .
on service pack 3 , there seems to be a lot of problems you apparently can not get around . quoting this topic : http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=1013t=22790#p412298
they disappear , so if you need the items , empty their " chest " first , before you let them join your crew . i tested it with an empty account .
i grabbed a new extracter and discovered that there are 79 territories in total . owning 56% of the map during the mid-game seems reasonable .
on pc it is the " change pov " button .
from what i am finding on the wiki , i do not believe this is possible . from the 40d world generation page : note that only available world widths/heights are 17 , 33 , 65 , 129 , and 257 ; even directly editing the world_gen . txt file will not let you use other sizes than these . obviously this may no longer be accurate , but as there have been no major world gen changes , i believe it is . the df2012 advanced world generation page is a little more ambiguous , but it says : valid values are 17,33,65,129 , and 257 . others may not work . based on this , i do not think you will be able to make a world larger than 257x257 .
no it does not affect it in any way . minor loot ( money , ammo ) eventually disapears after so much other loot has appeared or if you have left the area , but dying does not downgrade loot , whether you die before or after beating the boss . nothing changes when you die except you lose money and all live enemies have their health reset to max ( in coop , all players in an area have to die for health to reset ) . also note that boss-drop rate for legendary/orange items is like 1% in borderlands 2 . and that is from the boss that drops the item ; it is far lower for all other bosses/chests . unique ( blue rarity + red flavor text ) guns are usually fairly common drops but only drop from a single specific boss . you are probably not getting significantly worse loot than anyone else . also note that dropped items or rarity green any up will stay in an area even after you have left ( for a time ) . it seems the rarer the item the longer it persists , but if you quit the game it is all gone of course . .
darius is really easy to play with , because you do not need to build any ad items to do tons of damage . for the first time you leave base , i would suggest trying out cloth armor and health potion x5 for lane sustain until you hit lv 5 or 6 . then ( if you are solo laning ) ask your jungler to gank so you can back . build order should be ( after first purchase of course ) : boots of speed ( lv 1 boots ) vampiric scepter wriggle 's lantern ( from cloth armor and vamp scepter ) phage mercury treads ( from boots 1 ) hexdrinker heart of gold maw of malmortius ( from hexdrinker ) brutalizer ( either sell it later to get a defensive item , or if you completely wreck shop then build it into youmuu 's ghostblade , but only if your team ( but yourself in particular ) are doing so . ) frozen mallet ( from phage ) randuin 's omen ( from heart of gold ) late game , sell wriggle 's lantern for a bloodthirster late game , sell brutalizer for guardian angel / thornmail / warmog 's armor , or buy a youmuu 's ghostblade skill order : 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 q-w-q-e-q-r-q-w- q -w-r-w-w-e-e-r-e-e runes and masteries : flat attack damage marks - self-explanatory . more damage for last hitting and harass in lane . flat armor seals . again , self-explanatory . helps defend against auto attack damage and minions . however , if you are laning top lane versus an ap bruiser , ( and you are in a draft setting and know this before loading screen ) i suggest you have two pages for top lane bruiser , one with armor and one with magic resist . magic resist per level glyphs . these are for late game to offset some of the magic damage from the enemy ap carry and tank/bruiser/jungler . personal preference for flats or per lvl , but i find the lvl mr runes to be the best for top lane . movement speed quintessences or attack damage quintessences . personal preferences , depending on playstyle . i tend to play extremely passively early game , and prefer more move speed over a bit extra damage , and since its percent-based movespeed , it scales better into late game when you are chasing people down like you have got boots 3 instead of mercury treads . honestly , your masteries will be up to personal preference , as will summoner spells . i personally go with 21/9/0 and ignite + ghost , but again , personal preference . just be smart and do not build down the ap tree and you can not really go wrong . ** a comment on boot choice ** many people suggest getting ninja tabi on darius . i would highly recommend that you do not , and here 's why : ninja tabi : - movement speed 2 - 25 armor - unique passive : reduces damage from non-turret based autoattacks by 10% . woop de doo , 25 armor . movespeed 2 , eh , you get the same from the other boots . unique passive reducing damage by a percentage ? seems nice . . . but think about it this way : you are reducing 10 damage off of a 100 damage auto attack . or 100 damage off of a 1,000 damage crit . now how good does that sound ? not very , huh ? mercury treads : - movement speed 2 - 25 magic resist - unique passive : +35 tenacity ( does not stack with other tenacity items ) magic resist is okay , but the real gem here is that tenacity . tenacity reduces the duration of certain crowd control effects by 35% . tenacity works on : blind , charm , terrify , fear , taunt , pacify , silence , slow , and stun . tenacity does not work on : knockback , knockup , pull , or suppression . generally once the enemy team sees a darius , they will want to disable you in some way to make you less effective for at least a short duration during the game , and merc treads come in handy more times than i could count , whereas ninja tabi i hardly ever get with anyone , because its just not worth it to me since dodge was removed . improving early game in general is easy enough , but hard to pull off thanks to the human factor of the other team . what i would suggest , is whenever you back to buy items , grab a couple wards and health pots . ward the little round wall by baron , next to the tribrush and diagonally down from the river bush by top lane . this way you see if anyone is coming both up from river and out from their jungle , and you can see if they go into yours . once you finish off wriggle 's lantern , you can stop purchasing wards , thanks to its active ability . while in lane pre-9 , i would suggest playing passive and last-hit as much as possible . do not spam your abilities until you hit lv 11 , because quite frankly , your mana pool is terrible early game . if you are a solo lane versus a double lane , last hitting under tower is the safest place to be . let your tower hit the melee minions 3 times and the caster minions twice ( iirc ) before swinging at them . when you go aggressive , lead with your q , your spinning blade , and make sure you hit them in the outer edge of it for extra damage . if they run , pull them back in and activate your w at the same time , and make sure you procc it by auto attacking at least once . in between your abilities , always remember to auto attack ! you need to stack your bleed passive as much as possible to get the full use out of your ultimate when you inevitably use it . a word of caution , however : darius is a detriment to your team overall if all you do is ult every time someone gets low enough . you need to make sure your team gets kills as well , so you are not the only fed player on your team . while your personal build is probably one of the most expensive ones on your team ( besides the adc ) at approximately 14k gold , remember that while you have 5 of your 6 endgame items at 40 minutes , the rest of your team might only have one or two . and its easier to focus one player down ( even if its ' darius ) than it is four . hope this helps you ( and anyone else in your situation ) ! and remember , summoners : when there is a darius on the enemy team , half your health bar is just for show .
no . like with most japanese games , there are no english subtitles , because the game is marketed to the japanese audience ( who speak and read japanese ) . worry not ! the western localized version will have english subtitles and the ( original ) japanese voices , additional content , and dlc content . i can say for a fact that there are no english subtitles in the game . this is what the gameplay dialogue looks like : there are some intricacies and nuances the dialogues that would make an accurate english translation tricky . for the most part you can play through most of the game without needing decipher those ( japanese ) moonrunes . though there are some parts where you might get stuck , but that is what gamefaqs is for .
the blue wings represent the portion of your reputation that has come from paragon actions . conversely , the red star represents the portion of your reputation that has come from renegade actions .
you can not take anything to the island except what you are wearing . no tools or items of any sort except clothing items that you are currently wearing . note that wetsuits you are currently wearing count as clothes ( so you can take them ) but can still be used as tools on the island . though this is not a huge advantage as you can rent a wetsuit on the island anyway . tools instead will be provided by a gyroid at the island and on each of the tours . you can take any non-tour related item back to your town by leaving it in the basket in the hut when you first reach the island . all other items will be sold at an extremely low price when you go home or go on a tour .
cover the water with wooden slabs . this looks nice , and lets you walk around without stepping on the dirt , e.g. when growing wheat .
nevermind i figured out how to fix my own problem , it seemed all i needed to do was reset amazing follower tweaks by talking to my functioning custom follower and going through the settings to reset aft to complete default . kind of acted like a reboot function which thankfully automatically dismissed all followers and allowed me to recruit my custom follower back in !
i believe you need to patch the base game seperately , unless you have the gold edition ( i assume you do , ) in which the patch for it should have patched base game to 1.3
most likely not . i know sony only allows certain things to be transfered to and from usb drives . profiles on playstations do not roam like on xbox , they cannot be used on more than 2 different consoles currently with ps3 and pretty sure same goes with ps4 . this is just so you have a backup system or if you live in 2 homes and do not want to bring your system everywhere you go . this also limits the effects of gamesharing .
notice : i have not tested this on mac osx server but it should run . first download and install steamcmd and then start the programm . choose the path where the dedicated server should be installed with the force_install_dir /full/path/to/csgo-ds/command . install the dedicated server with this command : app_update 740 validate then quit the steamcmd with quit . after the server has been installed you can start him with one of these commands . each one presents another game mode . classic casual srcds -game csgo -console -usercon +game_type 0 +game_mode 0 +mapgroup mg_bomb +map de_dust the last parameter represents the map that should be loaded . classic competitive srcds -game csgo -console -usercon +game_type 0 +game_mode 1 +mapgroup mg_bomb_se +map de_dust2_se arms race srcds -game csgo -console -usercon +game_type 1 +game_mode 0 +mapgroup mg_armsrace +map ar_shoots demolition srcds -game csgo -console -usercon +game_type 1 +game_mode 1 +mapgroup mg_demolition +map de_lake deathmatch srcds -game csgo -console -usercon +game_type 1 +game_mode 2 +mapgroup mg_allclassic +map de_dust you can edit the gamemodes and rules in the following two config files inside the /csgo/ folder : gamemodes.txt ( settings for all game modes ) gamemodes_server.txt ( settings for all game modes ) gamemode_armsrace_server.cfg ( settings for arms race mode ) server.cfg ( servername , password , etc . ) detailed infos about the different settings can be found in the full tutorial > > > full tutorial here .
for skill specific details this is fully covered at the guild wars 2 wiki on the page racial skills . the summary from there says : [ racial skills ] can be equipped on the five last slots of the skill bar , depending on their type . they may have various effects , such as condition removing or changing to a bear form , but they are all projected to be fairly weaker than their counterparts from professions that are specialized in similar skills . each race has 6 skills . racial skills will be available from the beginning of the pve campaign skills in this portion of the bar are earned in a similar fashion as skills on the left . experience and quest completion will unlock them . the first skill is usually granted soon after starting the game and is the top skill in each race from the list below . as of pre-launch , these are the skills . click on each race for full details on the skill and how it can be used : asura utility pain inverter radiation field technobabble elite summon 7-series golem summon d-series golem summon power suit sylvari healing healing seed utility grasping vines seed turret elite summon druid spirit summon fern mastiff take root norn utility call owl call wurm elite become the bear ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the raven ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the snow leopard ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the wolf ( has auxilary sidebar ) charr utility battle roar hidden pistol shrapnel mine elite artillery barrage charrzooka ( has auxilary sidebar ) warband support human healing prayer to dwayna utility prayer to kormir prayer to lyssa elite avatar of melandru ( has auxilary sidebar ) hounds of balthazar reaper of grenth
very popular recommendation about keys is : develop those that works best for you and use it . some people has long finger and there are not problem for them to use '0' widely . other assign unit groups into 7-0 numbers but use ' p ' ( patrol ) command instead of ' a ' ( atack ) . personally i prefer in sc2 ( it allows to have bigger groups than sc/bw ) to have : 1 - for main ground forces ; 2 - for secondary ground forces group ; 3 - for air units ; edited : assigning units into 1-3 keys allows me to quickly press 1-a-2-a-3-a when necessary to attack with all groups . or just 1-a-3-a if i do not have the 2nd group or want it to stay in place . 4 - for ccs/nexuses , for zergs - for queens ; allows quickly order scv/probes with clickin 4-e-e or 4-s-s ( usually i book for 2 such units ) ; also is useful to have queens in group to cast additional larvas quickly : 4-v-v-v 5 - for barracks/gateways - 1st tier unit buildings , for zerg - hatcheries 6 - for factory/robotics facility - 2nd/3rd tier ground units ; 7 - for starport/stargate - air units ; with 5-7 is easy to book any units , usually their shortcuts are on the left part of keyboard . 8 - and 9 - are usually used for upgrading facilities : forge , armory , engineer , evolution chamber . 0 - i usually use for command center when i need to scan . further f-keys assignement i plan to use to bind locations : main , natural , enemies natural , main battle ground - that will be changed often .
0 files in pk3 files  the game 's search path is incorrect , as you might have guessed . apparently , in your case , it is empty -- thus , no game files are found and the game cannot launch . since there is no configuration file i can find for the search path , i have to guess it looks in the current directory . cd into the game 's folder , launch it from there and then try again . after some chat discussion , we found out that you did not fully install the game , but only copied the ioUrbanTerror.app folder . at least a few other files are required : the q3ut4 folder ( which contains the actual game data ) and the qkey file at the very least are also needed .
after getting the grapnel booster from the basic challenges , the only other reward you will receive is a trophy of the batwing , which you can view through the menu . there is , however , also an xbox and steam achievement for completing all the augmented reality training missions . ar knight complete all augmented reality training exercises
you need to hit a monster to get the buff . you actually need to only hit the 3rd strike of the combo on the monster . i run with fot [ tc ] + dr [ foresight ] and combination strike passive . easiest is to start with 2 hits of fot ( +8% ) and then hit the dr button for the 3rd strike ( +8% +18% ) , you get all 34% extra dmg from first 3 strikes . then you hit sweeping wind and only need to use one of the spirit generators within 3 seconds from last strike to keep the 16% buff from combination strike of both spirit generators .
i usually go about this a few ways . play online and meet people . joining pubs is a good way to meet good gamers to play with visit the official forums of the game and see who is looking use something like steam or xfire to find groups of people who like the game . this can be community groups or sub-forums . if i find a server run by a group/clan and i am enjoying myself on it then i will usually check out their site . sometimes it leads to joining , other times it just leads to more friends to play with . hope this helps .
according to the minecraft wiki they should be killed either on contact with lava ( by burning ) or by immersion in water ( by drowning ) . so unless things have changed you need to either make sure that they touch the lava or fall into the water . then to make sure they can not jump out of the water you will have to make it deeper ( and possibly wider ) .
like so many things in league of legends , it depends upon and changes based on your team composition and the enemy 's team composition . if you have more poke than they do , just sit outside tower range and throw your poke abilities at them until they are so low that staying near the tower risks dying . this is generally the safest way to force an enemy team off of a tower and then you can kill it uncontested . another strat is to instantly clear their wave of minions just outside of tower range and then have your ranged carry get a few hits in every time your minion waves is tanking the tower . however , this requires an ad carry that is very good with positioning and understanding how to not get caught . generally you only want to go all in under a tower if you know it will results in good kills for your team . diving taric but losing your farmed vayne is a bad trade , for instance . other times you would go all in is if someone on their team makes an obvious overextension mistake and because of this you can kill them for " free . " taking down a damage dealer on their team allows your team to engage in more favorable terms - 5v4 , even under a tower , is still a pretty good fight to engage on . if you are fighting over a lane tower , teams will usually retreat to avoid the 4v5 fight and defend later . and , of course , there is the clg/hotshot strat : split push . this should generally only be done in a coordinated team setting . have a champ with teleport , strong pushing , and escape abilities push top ( for instance ) by himself , and the rest of the team can hover near a tower in bottom lane and force the enemy team to split themselves . when this happens , the person pushing top should teleport in and you can force a 5v4 engage to take the tower . importantly , try to never get hit by the tower unnecessarily . if there is not a minion wave there to take the initial agro from the tower , you should just stay out of range . there is almost no chance diving into a more well-equipped team with no minion support will work out in your favor , baron buff or no .
looking at the subscription options available on the " become a jedi member " page . . . this appears to be the case . sometime back , the option for a lifetime subscription was dropped . there also was apparently a 12 month subscription option available in beta , which was also dropped .
in order of severity : leave that area of the citadel and return . leave the citadel and return . you should also try retrieving an item from a planet scan , if possible . complete another mission , especially one of the n7 missions . revert to an earlier save . if none of those work , you might not actually be talking to the right person , or might not have the right artifacts .
there are some characters in the game that are more difficult to disarm ( some are even impossible ) . specifically for papal guards , you must : taunt at the guard let their first strike hit you before their second strike lands , perform a counter with empty fists that should allow you to steal their weapon and kill them .
no good player fails to scout , and information is one of the few staples needed to secure a win . even gimmicky strategies benefit from scouting , so you should learn to deal with it , and do it too , especially when doing one-base tech - do not want to hit a turtling fast expander , do you ? i watched the video and saw no ( well-executed ) strategy . you went 1-1-1 and fast cloak , but then the harass failed . if the win was supposed to be a good example of the strategy at work , the harass should've worked , as that is apparently the goal . from there , you proceeded to make a tank-marine-banshee army and push , and frankly , the only reason you won was that the enemy sacrificed his army early on and did not compensate for the ensuing disparity . as day9 says , solid wins are granted more through solid play than through gimmicky strategies . thus , although slightly irrelevant to the question , i will advise you to improve your scv timing - the queue was empty for a few seconds , at least once in the video . you should strive to always have workers in production , and even a single second lost is a flaw in you macro . additionally , especially by the end , your resources were overflowing . more than 100 is ok if you are about to finish a tech building and pop a tech and a unit at the same time , more than 250 is not good , 500 means that your expo/second production building is long overdue . and if you are passing 1000 , you are having serious trouble macroing . on to a tip about your particular build . i did not see when the turrets started being built , but it was around the time of the red push , and i am almost certain it happened in response to you showing your banshee . you basically showed your hand to him . considering that the tech was almost done , the banshee should not even have been in your base , it should've been in or near his , waiting for cloak to finish , starting the attack as soon as possible . generally , your response to being scouted depends on the time of being scouted . your strategy is only 100% discernible at its later stage - a ling wandering in as you are making a factory on double gas tells the zerg nothing . if the enemy saw a banshee though , you can be sure they are taking steps to defend from cloak . those countermeasures cost money , meaning that the enemy is already recouping your losses from having the strategy busted . save the banshee , poke a bit if you have time to , do not research cloak if you do not have it already . make a raven or two ( for pdd ) with the lab and swap to mmm/whateveryouwant , expanding and generally going for a solid game . if the enemy got two turrets or an overseer to counter cloak , they just spent about as much money as you did for the banshee , so your resource loss is nil . enough banshee action might convince them to devote even more resources to the perceived threat of cloak harass . and if the enemy spots the factory in production , and for some reason you are absolutely sure they are going for anti-banshee , just go mmm or blueflame hellion rush . tl ; dr : banshee - 150/100 . turret - 100 . an enemy building two turrets means you are not behind at all , just do not sacrifice the banshee by using it as a normal marine , harass with it for the entire game if you can . aside from that , play normally , shifting to mmm and getting a reactor on the starport - you should always have enough units to survive a desperate all-in push when going for a harass strategy anyway .
i believe , i have got the answer . the score multiplier go like this . when you upgrade it for the first time , it gives one multiplier . when you upgrade it second time , it gives two multipliers and so on . so 5 upgrades will give 15 multipliers in total .
it is basically a bug or an unfinished piece of code . from this thread you can see that many other people have it and one of the opinions is : this is a bug , an error , in the game . a " miser run " is one in which you avoid collecting coins , but in this case no goal number has been set . " desc " is short for for description . the programer placed this temporary text to remind himself ( or someone else ) to place description text for the miser run . in the original temple run game a miser run was running 500 meters without collecting any coins , so either this was simply a repeat performance it it was actually code that was copied over from the former game , but not completed . if you look in the main current objectives list you will see that it does not show up . i was able to make this objective disappear by starting a run and simply running off the first ledge without jumping . so do not worry about it , it is just there to take some free space . it might be updated in the future with new objectives ( i hope )
i found this here : they reappear in new super mario bros . wii with the same function as in new super mario bros . . but when the player collects them all in a level before they disappear , the audience cheers . they are often arranged in patterns . blue coins also appear in new super mario bros . 2 . edit : i found that collecting all of them normally results in an extra power-up . also , occasionally the trail of blue coins will lead to a hidden ' ? ' block with a 1-up mushroom ! . . . besides the obvious fact that the blue coins are extra coins as well
you need to send in a " combo " of two heros with yellow shirts . for more detail , see agent86 's answer at stackexchange-url
despite the mod being installed client side , somehow the server never received the extra utilities mod , which caused the issue .
the code itself is : 14106 the pieces are scattered across four art terminals around the level - you will need to interact with them and cycle through the images on each to find them , though if you know the code , you do not need to bother . the three terminals are located : just west of the main elevator in recreation a , in a small room on the northeast corner of the upper level of recreation a , in the two-level lounge on the southeastern corner of recreation b , and in the artechnology store on the upper level of the mall section of recreation c .
you keep all rewards and progression you got up until you leave . you do not get the bonus exp for finishing the match , or the regeneration multiplier , but all burn cards you collect , completed challenges , exp you have earned during play , and unlocks will stay .
first off , let me start by saying : there is nothing wrong with carriers . though they have not seen the same revival that battle cruisers have under terran , carriers remain a very viable late game unit . even in a world of " hard counters " carriers do an enormous amount of damage and require very micro to beat . for players invested in heavy ground forces carriers make a very nice addition and force an opponent to " split " his strategy between disparate units . while many people might point out the effectiveness of vikings , void rays and corruptors against carriers , you have to keep in mind : all those units are effective against colossus and those still make many appearances . the largest problem with carriers is they are often overshadowed by void rays . void rays are a very powerful unit against armored and once charged . by comparison carriers have neither of those drawbacks and are only more expensive . finally , while many people will tell you that carriers are countered by good micro , this is also true for every other unit in the game . the only difference is that carriers are more effective against bad micro . now you discussed carrier rushes , and what i am about to say could apply to any type of rush : a rush is not necessarily a cheese . you should not use the term rush pejoratively . technically going 2 gate is a kind of rush . a rush just means quickly getting to something , and is frequently used as a technique to counter more macro intensive play . since many players play a macro intensive play , a rush is a very good strategy . the trap your friend is falling into is that he is surprised by the sudden force and is using the term rush to dismiss it . " oh you did not really work for that , you just rushed it . " this is actually a mistake in terminology . what he means to say is : you are doing an all in gamble on carriers and if they failed you had be screwed . all in play is often considered boarder line cheesy because you are often unable to recover . however , since the goal is to do more damage to your opponent than you are doing to yourself , a very good timing all in , is an incredible effective strategy . since an all in does not rely on lucky or bad play from your opponent , it is not nearly as cheesy as something like a proxy rax . as a result , most all ins are more moves of desperation than cheese . whether or not you consider all in play to be cheesy , a rush is not by definition a cheese and you should not feel bad about it . even if you had rushed carriers ( which it sounds you had not ) , that would be an interesting new build , not some sort of gambit play . so build them at your leisure . and do try to enjoy yourself while playing starcraft 2 .
using your example , you could double click or ctrl + click on a stalker to select all of them and then shift + click the left-most stalker listed on the hud six times . this would remove six stalkers from the originally selected ten . whether this is any less cumbersome , you be the judge . instead of doing subtraction to know to click six times , find the fifth stalker , ( number you want + 1 ) and repeatedly shift click that one until there is no fifth stalker . -ilmtitan
for gloves , the only usable magician boost you can enchant onto your gloves is a magicka enchantment . for boots , there are no enchantments that are useful for casters . for a full list of possible enchantments , look here
there is no use for the 1/35 soldiers in ff7 . but if you purchase the vacation home in costa del sol , the soldiers will be up on display there . oh and if anyone cares , there are 12 in the set . and for more info on items in ff7 http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/list_of_final_fantasy_vii_items is a great reference .
no , you cannot get a reward for the mission anymore . roy is not killed as part of the natural progression of the questline . as he is a non-essential npc , he probably died in the fighting , somehow , which means you no longer have anyone to give you your reward . this was originally posted as a comment by raven dreamer , but it is the correct answer , so i am posting it as an answer .
it is entirely possible and i built all my grinders this way ( before the introduction of xp , which makes it less desirable to kill monsters , and hoppers , which can rescue items from all sorts of death traps ) . the key is to place the cactus one block above the water and use diagonal flows . this is a picture of the grinder of my main mob trap , but this design is also suitable for installing in one corner of a dungeon wall to grind on a mob spawner ( especially if you mine the floor of all mossy and plain cobblestone , leaving a slot perfect for the water flow ) . mobs are pushed against the sand block by the water . once they randomly jump up and stand on the sand block , they are eventually killed by the cactus . their drops then usually land in the water below . the water 's flow splits evenly around the sand block and rejoins at the other side where the flow goes to the collection point . restricting the cactus to be two blocks high as in this image means that the grinder also generates a modest supply of cactus blocks . originally , i stood at the point where the flows rejoin to collect items , but a creeper somehow blew up the trap while i was afk , and i had problems with chickens pushing me out of the collection area , so after that i had the items carried some distance away in an aqueduct ( this was before hoppers ) . this particular installation is for my main mob grinder , so besides the cactus there is also a fatal drop from above ; the cactus here is merely to kill the ones that the water saves from instant death . you can visit this trap and my other cactus traps at my minecraft server at mc.switchb.org ; take the nether route to the “old base” .
no . when you die , everything is reset , except equipment and ammo you were wearing , which are reset on regular respawn . thus , your kill streak is reset .
absolutely . skills illusion synergises well with sneak as invisibility does not gaurantee not being detected . the cc spells are also very useful , allowing you to control situations that would otherwise overwhelm your squishiness . silent casting will be vital , so get it asap . destruction will be tricky without deep magicka reserves until you start to enchant your own stuff to reduce cost . but impact will work beautifully for single target assassinations . with silent casting , i believe you could also use runes for some fun , though on master they will quickly lose effectiveness . i would stick to one element to save perk points ( perhaps shock as a useful rarely-resisted element ) , and do not bother with master level perk . this will be a useful tree against dragons . restoration is moderately useful with the respite perk , allowing you - in conjunction with light armour stamina regen bonus - to spam dual wield power attacks all day long . i would not worry about the perks above adapt . get respite , the magicka regeneration perks , and possibly the " auto heal on zero death " perk that can help out if you are smacked around when dual-wielding . light armour is great , and will give you survivability that most mages do not have . it also takes up far fewer perks than alteration . i would skip conjuration perks completely , unless you wish to use bound weapons as a role play . you may ultimately wish to level it to 90 at some point in order to provide a non-smithing source of daedric weapons ( see smithing below ) , and if so do not rush on it until you need to level other skills up to level in general ( high 30s onwards ) . alteration has few uses in this build . enchanting will be useful , allowing you to supplement your lower magicka with regen and reduce costs . do not bother with -100% cost on any given skill tree , as you will probably only use destruction as a filler against mobs and dragons but if you use it a lot against high level single targets then consider -100% , as the expert level spells are expensive . i would aim for some +magicka regen ( or +magicka - calculate which is more effective given your base magicka ) as that can be used for all your magick trees , and you will be using them all not just 95% destruction like in pure mage . possibly some reduce cost for illusion . all other slots for boosting your melee and resistances . restoration is fine without reduced cost . smithing is great - but you may not feel like role playing it . depends on your target equipment , but you could make do with steel smithing and the enchanted item smithing perks . you can get daedric weapons through the mages guild , so do not feel obliged to perk up smithing . alchemy complements both skill sets well . the beginning do not spread yourself too thin to start off with . i would work on illusion , sneak and one-handed until you can comfortably stay hidden in shadows and get silent casting perk . from there you can start on destruction up to impact , to have a useful fall-back of dual-casting firebolts ( it can interrupt dragons and nasty bosses ) , and get restoration to apprentice level . i would then work on getting illusion to 75 and sneak till 60 for backstab bonuses . by this point you should be able to flit in and out backstabbing and skirmishing , using invisibility as a means of getting back into cover . quests you will not be locked out of any , and can complete thieves guild , db and mages guild . they all work well together . thieves guild and db synergise well , and mages guild unlocks some tasty equipment . from here , you can choose . i would work on your sneaky sneaky and melee skills , as you will already have the main utility from your skill sets . use illusion to ensure you do not get hammered too much , and do not be afraid to go invis and hide . your main advantages over a pure stealth character are your much better flexibility when detected - so use these advantages . hth = ) edit : stats : ymmv but i have had good sucess with balanced melee/mage with 2:1:1 health:stamina:magicka . i leave stamina at 150 ( maybe 200 if going dual wield ) . edit2: added link to find out if +magicka or +magicka regen , as per the paragraph on enchanting . added link for mage 's guild and daedric weapons
the chryssalid run distance in the ini file is 20 . this translates into 13 squares of straight line travel for a half-move . see the detailed answer to the " what do distance units mean ? " question . a basic soldier moves 15 squares in a straight line during a full move . given a chryssalid standing next to a soldier and a clear straight run in the opposite direction , the soldier should be able to full move out of range of the alien 's half move , making the alien unable to melee this turn . the alien would have to full move and attack , which it can not do . also note : chryssalids ignore cover . they do not seek it . they do not use it . their attacks ignore it . your soldiers can better support each other by also ignoring cover to get closer together .
i have never gotten anything other than 0 . my guess is that they did not finish adding the code that measured it , and it would have something to do with how much you used and reacted to the randomized spawns ( weapons on floor , held by enemies ) . that sounds difficult to assess fairly , and usually the randomization does not affect your run that much , which , to me , explains why it is not working . i bet they will just remove it and maybe add a different category later in a patch . again , total guesses of mine .
my highest so far is 451.731m ! this is what i find helps—it might be different for you : when you start , reverse all the way back to the pipe , then hold the left stick diagonal left/down and pull full throttle . as your front wheel is off the ledge , press y and flap your wings !
just do not buy the 9 greater mark of hybrid penetration . it may be good , but if you are looking for runes , i would advise you to buy runes which are great for a lot of champions . hybrid pen runes are only good for 2 or 3 champs . magic penetration runes are much better for almost every other carry ap , and are not bad at all on ahri .
the quickest way to make money is to rob a bank . therefore , here 's how to rob a bank version 2.0 : get to the intermediate ranking look for " trace a balance transfer " missions . accept as many as you can . as you complete them , note down the bank ip and account numbers of the accounts which received the money . you will not get these missions after you increase in level , so make sure you accept as many as you can . also , connect to uplink international bank and note down their ip and your account number . alternatively , create an account for yourself at the target bank . note down the account number . set up a nice long bounce route . try to have administrator access on the systems you bounce through , it makes passive traces slower . use internic as your first bounce . connect to the bank and bypass or disable the security . bypass is preferred if you have that option . at the bank login screen , enter the account number of the target account , and use the password cracker to gain access . once inside , transfer the contents of the account to your uplink international bank account , using the details you noted down earlier . alternatively , if you created an account at the target bank , transfer the money to that account instead . pull up the target 's bank statement and use the log deleter to remove the transfer statement from the target account . if you created an account at the target bank instead , delete the transfer statement showing an input from your account there as well . disconnect , and then connect to the uplink international bank using your saved bounce trail . ( you did save it , did not you ? ) bypass uplink international bank 's security . log in to your account . delete the statement logs indicating that your account received an input . connect to internic and delete the bounce logs . you will know if you succeeded because you will get an immediate promotion to uber-skilled . congratulations ! you are a bank robber ! you scoundrel .
here 's how it works : if you are their liege , the gains from the war are part of your kingdom . it does not matter if they are your king , duke , earl , or even mayor , bishop , or count . to claim a duchy from somebody else through war ( when you do not have a casus belli that lets you claim it directly ) : find out who* has a claim on it by opening the duchy information screen and clicking on " claimants " to see who has a claim on that kingdom . invite one of the male claimants over to your court . ( if nobody will come over , or there are no male heirs , you will have to find another way to get that duchy . note that if one of your courtiers marries a female claimant that you can not legally give a title to , that female claimant is not your vassal and the newly-conquered duchy will not become part of your kingdom , even if you give your male courtier a title . ) give that claimant a landed title . any landed title will do , even a city , church , or castle . go to war with the ruler of your choice , using the " claim on duchy x " as your casus belli . once you win the war , that claimant will be your duke . i am guessing that this will also work with kingdoms if you are an emperor . so far , i have claimed two duchies this way : once by giving away a county to the claimant , and once by giving away a bishopric . *as revealed in this other answer , you can not actually press the claim in war unless the claim is strong , or the claimant is a pretender ( 2nd or 3rd in line ) , or there is already another war going on over the title , or the current holder of the title is a woman ( and you have a male claimant ) or a child ( so there is a regency ) . you can only use " any claimant with a pulse " if the title is disputed or the ruler is a child ; you can only use " any male claimant with a pulse " if the ruler is female ; otherwise , you will need to pick up one of the pretenders or someone with a strong claim : you will need to do slightly more research to find who they are , and they are often harder to invite to your court . ( note : if there are three or fewer male claimants , then it is almost certain that they are the heir and pretenders . just grab one and go on your way . figuring out the exact claims is more important when there are four or more male claimants . )
you can download a snes emulator for the mac os edition from here , then dump a super mario world rom from your own cartridge . in regards to the controller , you can buy one or use the keyboard .
a newly created shepard starts at level 1 . early levels go by very quickly however . for example , you will be level 3 by the time you get off of earth . additionally , your opponents are scaled to your level throughout the game , so once you get past the first few levels , ( where a lack of available skill points hampers your tactical options ) , you should not have any particular problems being a low level character . it might make reaching level 60 in one play-through more than a bit problematic however .
patch 1.2.0 introduced the possibility of a tie in melee games : stalemate detection has been added . this will end the game in a tie for all remaining players if no players have income , production , or destroyed structures for three consecutive minutes . a countdown timer will now appear when the game detects this scenario . patch 1.3.0 changed the parameters a bit . the stalemate timer will now reset when any player gathers resources , researches an upgrade , produces a unit , constructs a building , or destroys an enemy building .
my best advice is to look for something that is a different color . . . or that looks out of place . other than that , you need to tell us which one you need help with .
the " premium collectible pack " comes with the purchase of action figure packs , as shown here . the linked page describes the bonus in the following text : these products contain a code that can be redeemed for bonus content for mass effect 3 multi-player . the pack could include character boosters , weapons , weapon modifications and upgrades to make your multi-player squad stronger . this translates to the " special bonus for dedicated mass effect fans " you referred to in your question . it is misleading to have the word " free " included in any sort of description of this pack as you are required to spend a substantial amount to get the figures and code . referenced product :
this room is an alternative to the " blank map " qr puzzle for those without qr readers . they both result in the same tetromino code , but if you do one , the other will count as " completed " . thus , this puzzle is optional . ( the difference : the code has to be entered as if it was found in this room unless you have the blank map . ) the tetromino code is shown in two places in this room : in the s- and z-blocks around the tower 's base ( loop once ) , and as the fezzes atop the alien drawings at the owl 's feet ( only visible in first-person mode ) . the code : rt rt rt lt rt rt rt lt
unit production is just a hold-over from the fact that this is a warcraft 3 map - the stat is standard in the normal game . it does have a disproportionate impact on the end rankings , though , so it does heavily skew the results . certain skills of heroes in dota are performed by essentially creating a whole bunch of units for a limitted time . for example , dwarven sniper 's scattershot ( if he still has that , it is been a while ) creates a lot of units in order to produce the effect , so he tends to be one of the " high unit production " heroes . the logic behind it varies based on the hero and the skill in question , but if you look at which heroes tend to have high unit production , you can usually figure out what skill is the cause of these rankings .
assuming that you are playing against reasonably competent opponents , the answer is no . the game is designed to be played as an alliance , and significant boosts are received for doing so . if you want to play as a single player and still be competitive , the best way is to find a situation where there are 2 major powers during the early game , and join neither . make sure to try and keep those two powers balanced . then , offer to join whoever will give you the best advantage . while that does not allow you to play solo the entire game , it lets you determine the outcome of the game single-handedly , and play a decent part of the game solo .
the +damage from offhands , rings , and amulets is added prior the to intelligence bonus being multiplied in . many wizards prefer higher attack speed because they cause more hits , and more hits are more opportunities for things that can happen on hit to happen . ( crits , chance to stun on hit ) . eg . this build on reddit uses this trick .
pivots give you animus hacks - think of them as cheats . how it works : as stated earlier , pivots only become available after finishing the game once or in the epilogue after you complete the campaign . you can only find pivots while you are online ; there is a reason for that . however , the initial tutorial , which aids you in finding three basic pivots , can be carried out offline . the rest of the pivots must be unlocked online . this is because the rest of the pivots are actually placed by other online players who are also busy in the same purpose . to find these pivots , you would need to triangulate the position of these player-placed pivots with the ones you have already found . this may sound confusing , but the idea develops rapidly after trying out the tutorial . basically , placing two pivots will create a sort of border or hemisphere on the map . the green portion of the cut map will be the place where a pivot may be present . to narrow it down , you must have another pivot placed to create a triangular green zone , which should have a pivot at the average center of that triangle . the pivot is designated with a square icon on your mini-map . you can place found pivots on the map for triangulated other pivots through your map screen . however , you can only place pivots at the position where connor is standing . this means that in order to create a triangle , you would actually have to travel to the desired edges of the triangle that you want to create to place each pivot there . however , this does not apply to the removing of pivots . placed pivots can be removed simply by hovering the cursor of them . pivots aren’t present all the time though – there is a spawn time limit for every pivot . pivots will spawn on the map after every 15 minutes . since pivots you find are placed by other players online , you are actually involved in the same procedure . this means that other players can find the pivots you place for searching other pivots . when a player finds your pivot , its position will change on the mini-map . the cheat list : finding pivots will unlock 10 different cheats . this means that you are required to find 10 different pivots . once a pivot is collected , you can use the cheats through the options menu . here are the cheats along with their function : made of steel – invincibility infinite ammunition – infinite ammunition for pistols and bow season changer – player can switch seasons between summer and winter weather man – change the weather conditions thunder kill – thunder and lightning follows every kill in the game sun and moon – player can switch between day or night semi-automatic – ranged weapons have no reload time between each shot killing spree – enemies can be assassinated even while player is not in stealth recruit – obtain infinite recruit tokens ninja – enemies completely ignore you no matter what source : http://segmentnext.com/2012/11/01/assassins-creed-3-pivot-points-locations-to-unlock-animus-hacks-cheats/
the only methods of increasing your batch yield are craft points ( acquired via level up ) , improved brewing equipment , certain recipe augment items ( but beware , these will reduce quality ) , or certain employees . have you done the event for the lumberjack ? his special ability grants 10% yield to all batches , which is sufficient to brew 100 units with 5 craft points to yield and the homemade mash tun x3 .
for the majority of the flashpoints in the game , there is no way of knowing whether a warden will appear . according to the saints row wiki : all flashpoints are manned populated by standard zin soldiers . some flashpoints include mandatory warden battles , such as burns hill ( north ) , brickston ( north-east ) , yearwood ( north ) , the grove ( east ) and henry steel mills ( south-west ) . so other than those five , wardens appearance could be random .
i think there is no ability to use a usb cable with this controller , because there is no usb port .
there is only one character that can raise its maximum stats : wx-78 , the robot . it can eat gears , which upgrades its maximum health , hunger , and sanity with each gear consumed . it can consume a maximum of 15 gears , to get 400 health , 200 hunger , and 300 sanity . ( the bonus is 20 health , ~6.66 hunger , and ~13.33 sanity per gear , rounded up . ) wx-78 needs this pretty badly , because it starts with below-normal stats .
what you are looking for is called a rs latch . you can build this with vanilla components like so : with the pressure plate powering one side of the input , and the " reset button " powering the other . or , since you are running a version of the ftb pack that still has redpower2 , you can use the redpower2 rs latch . it is up to you on how you want to wire it ( obviously the wiring is much simpler with redpower2 ) .
yes ! supreme commander lives on here : forged alliance forever there is a community created match making service , balance patches , mods , maps , etc . if anyone can help you with getting linux to connect , its the guys that read that support forum .
spoiler warning : most of them are dead . cycle through the enemy npcs near the location ; one of them will have the missing person 's name , and once you have targeted them they will be checked off your list .
there is no functional difference between the two colours . they are just two ends of the same portal and like you said , if you enter one portal , you will come out of the other . as spencer added in a comment , the colours help you know which portal you have fired . that way you can avoid firing the same portal twice and moving it when you might not want to . you can not have two blue portals or two orange portals up at the same time . if a test chamber has a pre-opened portal for you somewhere , you can open a portal of the other colour to take advantage of it .
i would not think that memory foam mattress topper would be a good choice in this case . it tends to compress quickly , especially in response to body heat , and once compressed it is going to offer less vibration resistance than other materials . the " cheap " kind of mattress pad tends to wear relatively quickly as well . other types of higher density urethane foam might be appropriate , but the kind rated for sleeping on is unlikely to be useful . have you considered using carpet pad instead ? it is specifically designed to absorb impact in order to increase the life of carpet installed above it . i would think that would make it useful for your purposes . you need such a small amount of it , i would think that a home improvement warehouse or carpet showroom/warehouse would sell you a remnant for next to nothing . with the cost being so low , you could probably get a few different types and test them all to see what works best for you .
i was having problems with this too . from looking at the map i thought that i could travel along the coast to the east of windhelm to get to winterhold , but there is no path for that . you actually have to go west from windhelm then north through a mountain pass . from there you will end up along the coast east of winterhold . there you will start heading west till you get to winterhold . for a better picture you can look at this map from the skyrim wikia . it may be a spoiler if you had rather explore it yourself .
according to the screenshots in this bioware forum post ( and mentioned in another thread , by another player ) , the reward is a 10% power or weapon damage bonus . the intel is listed as " prejek paddlefish " in the terminal , and has the following description : this fish is a rare and valuable subspecies of the prejek paddlefish , prized for its rich and savory flavor . the breed is endangered , and a member of the hanar illuminated primacy is offering a choice of rewards in exchange for the fish .
worked this out . the critical difference is between the characters you can select from the menu ( hold y-button on x-box ) which ( lb/rb on x-box ) , which allows you to cycle through a small subset of characters . as this answer says the extra toggle allows you some extra odd-ball characters , but only affects the lb/rb set .
a spreadsheet link was placed in an article from uesp wiki giving the values for followers aptitudes , or maximum level in the specific skill of archery : max level 100 jenassa , aela max level 98 lydia , argis , calder , iona , jordis , vilkas max level 97 cicero others 87: faendal 78: derkeethus , annekke , ghorbash 73: erik , vostag , stenvar , mjoll 72: kharjo , ahtar 57: cosnach , golldir , uthgerd , benor , borgakh , ogol 50: athis , ria , torvar 32: roggi , sven 20: j'zargo ? ? : onmund , erandur , brelyna , aranea , illia , eola , marcurio , berland , njada , farkas
at one point in the game , it will remove all the unnecessary quest items from your inventory . i will not give any spoilers , but other than that , there are no direct ways to remove quest items .
according to http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/631516-wii-u/64155948 it works and http://www.ign.com/boards/threads/wii-u-support-wiimotes-with-wii-plsu-attachment-or-not.452723128/ says that the wii u can not tell the difference . even a regular one without an attachment will work on games that do not require the added functionality , however of course games that need the wm+ require the attachment .
knock down counts as stun , so any skill that breaks stun will cancel the knockdown state early . contemplation of purity is not the only guardian skill that can do this ; any skill with " breaks stun " can be used to do so . for guardians , this includes Save Yourselves , Stand Your Ground , and Judge's Intervention .
currently , the alpha version will continually send you new prisoners each and every day . it is meant to ratchet up the pressure each and every day , dealing with your new inmates . that said , you can avoid gaining new prisoners by removing your delivery area next to the road . just click the rooms button , and use right click to remove the delivery designation . you still need a delivery area , though , so move it further away from the road . the game logic has no idea where to put the prisoners , so they do not get off the truck , and just continue on . the to-do list will still show you how many prisoners will get sent the next day , and they will keep trying . but without that delivery area , they just keep going . that should allow you to stabilize your current bunch of prisoners without gathering new problems . once you are ready for new prisoners , just put the delivery area back ! fun note : your guards will still attempt to escort your " new " prisoners to the holding cell , even when they are on the truck . i had a couple guards chasing the truck until it left the area , so hopefully riots and whatnot are not brewing prior to getting your delivery . in alpha 2 , as noted by @crowbeak , any new prisons you create have an option to only send prisoners when you have room for them . for anyone using a save game from alpha 1 , though , this trick still works . another thing to note , though , is that your holding cell now counts for how many prisoners you can hold . i believe for every six squares your holding cell has , your prisoner space is increased by one , in addition to whatever cells you have created . so if you have the new option set , keep that in mind .
i had trouble with importing the dc2 songs into dc3 . although it accepted my code , once it finished downloading the key it just left me hanging with no further instructions , and the songs did not appear . what i discovered my problem to be was that i had entered the code while signed into my son 's account , which was set up so as to not have permission to buy content and which also did not have any microsoft coins associated with it . when i changed those settings and added coins to his account , and then re-entered the code , it finally gave me the option to purchase the import pack after the download completed . ( i did have to re-enter the code -- simply re-downloading the key did not work . ) i authorized the purchase , the songs downloaded smoothly , and they showed up in the game once the download was completed . so apparently when i had initially entered the code , even though it apparently had been accepted , it had not really taken and what had downloaded was not really a functional key . it would have been much more helpful to instead get an error message along the lines of " this is a correct code but the game cannot accept it because your account is not authorized to make purchases . "
as of the 1.3.0 update , the snowtrooper now unlocks the scoop of hoth cutscene .
you are unable to withdraw the funds directly after depositing into the battle .netaccount balance . however you could possibly find a good diablo 3 item to purchase worth around the amount you want to withdraw on the real-money auction house and re-sell it listing with paypal as the posting method . not an ideal way to go about it , but the only way to really move funds around is by selling items .
the most efficient way to farm them is to make a farm for them , of course ! but while it is the most efficient way , it is still not very efficient . you could be looking at several minutes between drops . the general setup for a mimic farm is quite simple : find yourself a mountain , or generally a place with natural dirt walls that is not too deep ( else you will get golden mimics with double health ) . dig down and and make a lava pit . make several 3-high tunnels to the left and right of it . set up dart traps aimed at the ground of each tunnel . wire them to a 3 second timer . activate the timer and set up camp in the middle so that the mimics will fall into the lava pit . what happens : when a mimic spawns in one of the tunnels off-screen , a dart trap will give it a poke , which sends it hopping towards you and ultimately , the lava pit . since this is not a novel concept , here 's two designs that i totally stole from other people . design 1 ( source ) design 2 ( source ) of course , there are also the general tips that apply to every grinder setup : hold a water candle while idling . chug battle potions . if other enemies congregate around your location , make another lava pit to get rid of them &mdash ; they will hog the npc spawn slots .
someone can correct me if i am wrong , but i do not believe you can be revived by a teammate . however , i think that killing any enemy ( not just the one who put you in last stand ) will revive you . it is somewhat rare ( and always chaotic ) that i go into last stand , so i am not 100% certain of either of those .
if i remember correctly , kotor 2 runs these movies at something rediculous like 640x480 . ensure you have downloaded and installed the latest patch for the game . try downloading and installing the high quality movies pack , though do be wary it is a pretty big download . try setting the following in your swkotor2 . ini file : disable movies=0 disable intro movies=0
a windmill produces 0 , 20 , or 40 power depending on the embark location . each gear assembly consumes 5 power , and each tile of axle consumes 1 , so your power transmission already consumes 12 power . a pump needs another 10 , which brings you to 22 requirement . so if your windmill produces 20 power , that is enough for the whole power line , but just a tad too little for the pump . according to the df wiki page on pumps , pumps can be powered from below , but only on the output tile , and that tile must have its floor removed before construction of the pump .
metals metal ores your sims collect in the sims 3 can be smelted for $40 . because of this cost , and the fact that ingots seem to return at 175% of original value , you should not smelt anything under $54 . however , once you have completed the metal collector challenge ( finding all five types of metal ) you will sometimes get extra ingots in the mail . this means you could smelt items in the $40 range because you will often get extra ingots back . ingots can be stacked . if you want to make an impressive display , make a table with stacks of ingots ! source and here a list : here are precious metals , well , they are found in their ore form , and you then need to send it off to a smelter , who will smelt it down , for a fixed fee of §40 , regardless of the ore . this will turn the relatively valueless ore into something that is a bit more valuable , an ingot that will get a 75% increase in value after it is smelted . again , rarity means that you will need to constantly look hard to find the ore that you want , the plutonium ore , which is somehow , safe to pick up . like gems , the metals are determined by weight , the heavier it is , the more it is valued . mercury and platinum are found in china , copper and mummitomium are found in egypt , titanium and iridium are found in france , whilst supernovium and compendium are special , again , a seperate section for them . note that mercury will come in vials , seeing that it is always a liquid when it is at room temperature , so you will not be able to stack it as if it were an ingot bar . source
many more units show up in the single player campaign than appear in multiplayer . the following , however , do not appear at all . zerg defiler guardian devourer old-style queen . old-style infested terran . terran valkyrie protoss reaver dragoon dark archon corsair arbiter shuttle
night blossoms seem to be the only plant that grows back . i have been to crazy joe 's ( i keep wanting to say crazy dave ) swamp a few times and the night blossoms have reset . comet bloom and desert spores must be found , and i have seen no evidence that they regrow . i do not know if the night blossom 's regrowth is due to a timer ( real world or in game ) or tied to story completion . however , it does not really matter as night blossoms are the only plant you can purchase ( in subway town ) in the game .
flying was the only holdout with no pure type pokemon , which as you note gen v changes . from bulbapedia : prior to generation v , this type was the only one of the seventeen that was never seen as an authentic pure type ; tornadus is the first pure flying type . there are , however , a large number of type combinations that do not exist .
you can judge the beauty of the governor 's daughter by how she dresses . plain daughters will wear a scarf that covers almost to their neck : attractive daughters wear something revealing that covers their shoulders : beautiful daughters wear a very revealing low-cut dress : also , when the daughter enters the room , the text on the screen will describe her as being " rather plain , " " attractive , " or " beautiful " as the case may be . here again , you can note that her dress gives away her beauty level as well .
if you train a regular person into being a hacker , their salary will be 10 times ( at least ) what a " hired " hackers will be . once you are in the big office , if you do a hollywood talent search , you usually get a hacker or two , and their salaries are much more reasonable . does not really matter in the late game , but i wrecked myself trying to get hackers a few times before i could hire them .
the rage wikia describes : the enemies appear to have roughly the same amount of health on each level , but hit a lot harder and come in greater numbers as you increase the difficulty . notable exceptions include the large mutants and krakens , which seem to have lots more health , and the authority elite , which are basically tanks on nightmare , requiring 3 or 4 dynamite bolt headshots . cars in the wasteland will also fight a lot more aggressively and use shields more frequently as you increase the difficulty . loot appears unaffected , apart from a rocket launcher in kvasir 's sewer on hard and nightmare difficulty .
i believe they get to view the entire process of your drawing , including if you trash midway and start over . if you think of it as a recording of your process , then it makes sense that they would see that part .
abandoned mine shafts as you said , melon seeds will be unavailable . strongholds the cracked and mossy variants of stone bricks will be unavailable as a building material ; normal stone bricks can be crafted . ender portal frames will be unavailable , and with it the " the end " dimension red apple nether ruins nether brick nether brick fence nether brick stairs nether wart blaze rod ( as blazes only spawn around the ruins ) , and all the derivatives .
i was able to defeat mesmeroth by just re-doing what i would done before . this time , the health " intervals " that he decreased by were slightly different , and the last time , he went down all the way . i am think that the situation i was stuck in a few times is actually a bug . there was no need to use arrows or bombs at all .
was there any other working pod found on eden prime bunker ? i mean , why was he the only one preserved ? there were thousands of pods on ilos in the the conduit , which was a prothean research centre . quoting the mass effect wiki when the citadel was attacked , the conduit shut down to avoid detection and went into stasis , to be monitored by vigil . since vigil 's power supplies began running low , and the cryo pods were in danger of failing , vigil began cutting power to the pods of non-essential staff to conserve energy . when the reapers finally withdrew through the citadel relay , only the top researchers — a dozen individuals — were left . vigil woke them , and the scientists pieced together what had happened . the surviving prothean scientists knew that rescue was unlikely . instead , they chose to protect the races they had been studying , spared destruction due to their lack of advancement , and began working out where the reapers had come from , and how . after decades of study , they worked out the connection between the reapers , the citadel , and the keepers , and discovered a way to interfere with the signal that compels the keepers to activate the citadel relay . using the conduit , the prothean scientists left ilos , travelled to the citadel and altered this signal . their intention was to prevent the reapers from opening the citadel relay again , and trap them in dark space , but they had no way to be certain their plan had succeeded . the fate of these prothean scientists is unknown . as the conduit portal only links one way and there was no food or water left on the citadel , vigil hypothesized they eventually starved to death . also , there were nearly one million prothean warriors lead by javik , stored in cryogenic lifepods in a bunker facility on eden prime . however , before the facility could be sealed , traitors leaked its existence to the reapers . hundreds of thousands of stasis pods were destroyed in the attack on the facility , killing their occupants . to preserve the few remaining survivors , the facility 's vi , victory , initiated a neutron bombardment to purge reaper forces . the bombardment also severely damaged the facility and rendered the systems responsible for automatically awakening the protheans from stasis inoperable . as javik 's survival was a priority , victory was forced to divert power from the remaining stasis pods to keep javik 's pod working as long as possible in the hope that future civilizations would discover it and revive him .
do not have a screenshot for you because i did not feel like booting windows and finding the right savegame . however , to your back are some steps . locate the red/white + box upstairs and go right of it past the rightmost pillar ( hidden doorway ) . you get into a room with some extra goodies which has a normal ( non-hidden ) passage to the balusters you can see from your current position ( on the picture ) . then you are practically there . if this was still too fuzzy , i found a youtube video that shows where to go exactly ( everything is cluttered with text for some reason and it is black/white , but it gets the general idea across ) .
i have come across this issue before when i had the dragon age on disk but wanted to use the expansion on steam . in my case it was not possible and i needed the steam version of dragon age in order to use the expansion . steam has been putting notes in the details of the game to make things more clear about it . you can see a notice in steam under the game media that states the following : " notice : vietnam requires the base game battlefield : bad company 2 on steam to play " you can view this link to the steam page for the battlefield expansion to see the notice . http://store.steampowered.com/app/47880/?snr=1_4_4__13 short answer : unfortunately you can not use the steam expansion with that disk .
after finally becoming a mad scientist i promptly quit , and i was still able to perform experiments on my unsuspecting household items .
it will totally replace your current system with the version from the backup archive , except for the trophies that are not stored in the backup ( the only way to backup them is to create a psn account and to synchronize them with the server ) .
strange that you have this problem . might be some issue with psn . can you install other applications like vudu or hulu+ ? also you can try pointing the ps3 browser to www.netflix.com . i think it gives you an option to download it from there .
after some in-game testing , i have found that snow golems do not leave a trail on transparent blocks , including slabs . so you could replace your floor with upside-down slabs to keep the trails off . adding a carpet will also keep the trails away . alternatively , you could light up the floor , but this may not be as practical , since that would require that you place torches on the floor every 2 or 3 blocks . so in this case , your best bet is to go with some transparent block for the floor .
well according to the skyrim wiki there are 719 locations . link is here edit sorry the above answer has overlapping locations : another link in the wiki states there are 616 . this includes locations in cities as well . second edit sorry i misread your question . this link is to gamshee and show all the locations just on the skyrim world map ( which should all be discoverable ) . there is a total of 343 locations on this map .
this one gave me a ton of trouble as well . happily , i found a simple way to win . it takes a little bit of prep time , but not long at all , compared to most missions . first off , go ahead and take out the first biter nest . you do not need anything special for it , just run in holding space bar , and take your licks . after you get your explosives and drones , retreat back to the original location of the car . once you are there , biters will not come and attack you , allowing you to do what you need to in peace . now , retrieve your supplies from your car ( yeah , i forgot it had stuff , too ) . your goal is to make something like 20 more defender drones . not hard , just time consuming . you can make it easy by right clicking on the defender drones in your build menu . that will add five items per click . ( incidentally , that works for any item ) . once complete , put them in an easily accessible shortcut on your quickbar . now , save . take the car down the path by the lakes ; there should be a thin path between them . right at the bottom , turn east , and give her as best you can . the biters and worms will make short work of your car , but that is fine ; it is only meant as extra health . once it explodes , start dropping your drones , and retreat into the trees . do not engage the biters yourself ; it slows you down too much . the idea is to get into the trees , and let the drones take care of them . the ship is just in the southeast corner of the biter nests ; all you need to do is get there , and grab the computer . that will end the mission .
the annihilus charm is a unique charm , so no , you can not fill your inventory with those , since you can only carry one of each at any time . other than that , for the other charms there is no limit other than your inventory capacity . that is why charms are considered very valuable items : in a limited space they give you powerful bonuses . some links with confirmations of the stacking properties : diablowiki a gamespot forum discussion an incgamers forum discussion regarding the limits , you get a cap only for skills that have a cap ( for example elemental resistances are maxed out at 100% ) ; others , such as magic find , have no cap , so you can hoard as many mf charms you can , but they have diminishing returns ; others instead , as the +skill ones , have no cap at all , so for those the sky 's the limit ! ( or , more realistically , you backpack )
no , you cannot link with multiple pokémon in one battle . and what password do you have for more eevee ? ?
the only way to find an invaded player or an invader is to use the miracle : unveil if you are the invader , unveil will work to help you find the invaded player . be wary that unveil will often point you to a random enemy and not necessarily to a human player . unfortunately , there is no other ( easy ) way to find your enemies .
this is a game mechanic where randomly some character will raise a huge army and come to attack your lands with a claim to one of your titles . the easiest way to deal with it is to assassinate the character ( the army disbands if you murder the leader ) . it is more tricky if they are your relative as being caught killing them will give you a kinslayer trait and probably also a negative opinion modifier with a bunch of your vassals . in that case you should consider fighting it out . otherwise if you can afford it , or even better if you can put together a plot , murder would be the preferred solution .
there are several measures you can take against a fed fizz : ranged poke him focus cc on him during team fights get ga/banshee dodge his ult get magic resist
joining a group is a feature introduced in generation iv . players in the same group encounter the same swarming pokémon , weather conditions , changing pokémon in the great marsh , feebas location , and other things each day . group members can compare records on the third floor of jubilife tv . source : bulbapedia
below radar works at altitudes of 20 meters or less above the ground directly under you ( so 20 meters above a mountain will still work . it works by not allowing anyone to lock onto you , and any locks currently in progress will be broken . it does not work to stop missiles that are already in the air , and the lock will not break for about . 5 seconds after you go below radar , so if someone is almost locked on , there is a chance they might still be able to fire a missile or two . it is very easy to tell when you are below radar in a helicopter , as the altimeter on the right hand side of the screen will be red when you are at 20 or below . in a jet however , there is no indication , so the best way for you to learn is to fly helicopters until you are comfortable enough with knowing instinctively how low 20 meters is . before the latest patch , it would not work on surface-air missiles , but as of the latest patch it works on everything ( in fact it is a little bit op sometimes ) .
the obelisks that appear on the coasts indicate where you can land a ship . the obelisks on land appear where one towns territory ends and the next towns territory begins . the color of the obelisk corresponds to the color of the player that currently controls the town ( with gray representing a neutral town ) .
the best way to deal with high templars as zerg is to have a roach heavy army . roaches can take up to 2½ storm , and the burrow ability is great . the protoss will naturally add immortals to counter the roaches . this is why you would add speedlings to your army as well . the speedlings serves two purposes . to deal with immortals to deny expansions then i would recommend going for broodlords or swarm hosts . so all-over i would recommend : roach heavy army speedlings swarm hosts hydras ( if the toss adds air )
a father that has access to male-only classes ( fighter and barbarian ) will pass on a female-only class instead . a father with access to fighter will pass on pegasus knight to their daughter and a father with access to barbarian passes on troubadour . the exception to this is vaike , who for some reason , despite having access to both fighter and barbarian , gives knight and mercenary to daughters instead . guess he has something against mounts ? so , gaius , donnel , and a male avatar will pass on pegasus knight to a daughter . if you are looking just to pass on the pegasus knight skills , a number of male children can get those from their mother - though male child characters whose mothers do not have access to pegasus knight will never be able to acquire pegasus knight skills . source : http://serenesforest.net/fe13/children.html
there is really nothing more to it than practice unfortunately . i have been playing pc shooters since the original doom and thought i would never get into console shooters , but after playing a bit of cod4 , i started getting into it and after a year or so of playing , i felt as in control playing with a controller as i did with the keyboard / mouse combo . one thing though , you will never be as accurate using a controller , it is just impossible . whereas using a keyboard and mouse in a shooter could be described as " point and click " , with a controller , i have found that it is more like sweeping towards the target and picking the right moment to press fire in that sweep . it sounds kinda strange , but it can be 90% as effective as keyboard / mouse control once you get used to it .
i see no reason why they would do damage , and my experience playing against her is that they stun but do not damage when that ability is used . the ability itself is the damager and they are just a way to manipulate the balls themselves to some end . all of her other abilities have some damage attached to the balls if they are doing damage themselves in the description . ( active ) : conjures a dark sphere at a target location , dealing magic damage . the sphere lasts for up to 6 seconds and can be manipulated by syndra 's other abilities . transcendent bonus : deals 15% bonus damage against champions . cooldown : 4 seconds damages at the summon location ( active ) : throws the grasped dark sphere or enemy at a target area . enemies struck take magic damage and are slowed for 1.5 second . explicitly states how the ball damages ( active ) : draws upon syndra 's full cataclysmic power , harnessing all dark spheres to deal magic damage to her target per sphere . unleashed power will use the three spheres that orbit syndra , ensuring a minimum damage . all dark spheres remain on the ground for 6 seconds after unleashed power is used . explicit as well with how the balls act . so it can be assumed that they are being explicit with the scatter the weak , if the balls did damage , they had state it did some damage .
no to both questions . the only one which might come close is broken steel , which expands on the core story a bit . however , it is not necessary for any core understanding of the main storyline . the other advantage of broken steel is that it does ( spoiler alert ) allow you to continue playing after the final quest . according to the fallout wiki , knowledge of fallout 3 is not needed for fallout : new vegas , and there are no storyline connections , although like in previous games , there will be the occasional reference to the prior ones in the series . ( i should note that i have not played the original two , and had no issues with 3 and its references to them , so i am guessing any references from new vegas to prior ones will be similarly subtle . i do , however , plan on playing the original two ! ) finally , in terms of the dlc , i did purchase , play and enjoy all of them . i was not super-thrilled with operation : anchorage , but i thought the others were all exceptionally well-done ( even if mothership zeta had really nothing to do with the fallout universe ) . so naturally your mileage may vary , but it is worth noting that if you want some great additional ( and different ) stories , the add-ons are , to me , worth the money . broken steel is the only one which did not offer a completely new environment : the others all offered large new lands to explore , with stories to go with them .
turns out you get the magical gem as a quest reward - a few hours or so after billy asks you for the magical gem for his plane , pepin will tell you about a family heirloom that he wants to give to you in exchange for a lotus flower . once you craft the lotus flower for pepin , he will give you the magical gem that billy needs .
there is no way to remap keyboard keys to the equivalent controller buttons needed to activate the ro-bro cheat code . however , the 2014-02-28 update now allows keyboard players to enable ro-bro mode . related changelog : added an option in the settings menu so that mouse and keyboard players have a way to enable ro-bro mode .
there is no built-in method to do that , since as of 5.0.4 blizzard ui code just checks if achievement is complete ( which now means " complete on any character account-wide" ) and does not even bothers with checking and drawing requirements after that . however , the data and functions to retrieve objectives and counts are intact and return information relevant to current character , so this can be either fixed in ui by blizzard later or implemented in an addon . either do it yourself or ask at some popular wow ui programming forum in " addon ideas " section .
fight early , fight often . focus on map awareness . building big armies requires big resources that have to come from somewhere . harass your opponent as he tries to expand , forcing the smaller skirmishes . limiting resources is the best way to force combat with less troops .
there is a no kill moves mod that you can place in your skyrim data directory . there is no way to turn it off in-game .
you can trade 20 of them to jacob , he is in the bar in wellspring , for a defib upgrade ( which means you can die one more time before a game over ) there is virtually unlimited feltrite in the game so selling a few does not matter . driving around the wasteland will occasionally activate missions automatically . one of the missions requires you to collect 7 falling feltrites , afterwhich you keep all 7 . i just recently came across another one where it was " collect as many as you can in the time given " - i got a whopping 15 . note that the feltrite shower events ( feltrite tempests/storms ) are not unlimited , but scripted . there are 3 . the first two will allow you to get up to 7 each . the third one will allow you to gain up to 20 . as far as any other use outside that one upgrade , i do not know of any .
yes . if you are skulled and in the wilderness , you lose everything . if you are just skulled , but not in the wilderness , you drop everything in a gravestone , which you then have a limited amount of time to return to in order to retrieve your items . you can see what you could lose and keep when you die by bringing up the items kept on death screen from the equipment page . this will show you the items that you automatically keep ( some quest items and low level items ) , as well as the group of items where you will be able to choose three items to keep . again , any items dropped are stored in a gravestone for a limited amount of time . you can then click on the what if i entered the wilderness button to see what would happen if you died in the wilderness . note that both of these screens assume you are not skulled .
go to the pause menu ( press esc on pc ) and choose abort memory to jump out of whatever mission you are currently pursuing , removing whatever objective you are aiming for and allowing you to take new missions . i believe any progress in the current memory will be irreversibly lost .
turns out this was caused by a mod . spell sneak attacks , in my case . the ' fiery soul trap ' enchantment 's soul trap effect work properly on weapons with unique properties like the longhammer and the silver greatsword , in vanilla , no-mod skyrim .
its been a while since i played tq , but i remember having great fun playing an elementalist ( storm/earth ) build focused around squall . squall is such a good spell since it makes all ranged attacks miss ( huge bonus for a weak caster ) , and has great aoe . if your friend is planning to be a tank for you , then going high dps with brigand ( hunter/rogue ) and a bow is not a bad idea but you will not have much survivability . i know you said you want a non melee class , but if your friend is not going to be a tank you most certainly will want more survivability , and the templar ( dream/defense ) is one of my favorite tq classes of all time .
experience gain from items on a pet do not stack or affect your character in any way . bonuses from items and the adventurer skill stack in this way : if you have +10% from the adventurer skill , +2% from a ring , and +5% from a necklace , your experience gain will be 10+2+5=17% .
stand in honey that is close to a campfire while wearing crimson armour . you will generate health about 350-400% faster than normal . if you actually had a regen potion , it would , of course , be even faster . you could possibly recover 449 health in as little as 30 seconds . i have seen it happen . i have regeneration pools all over my server for boss battles and such . a band of regeneration and a charm of myths would help even more !
hagravens can be a real pain . remember that you can dodge the fireballs by moving erratically , and you can dive behind rocks or trees to avoid the blast as well . as a ranged character , you are likely to be able to find a spot behind cover where you can fire at the hagraven , but the hagraven can not hit you back . if you insist on beating it " legitimately " , your best bet is to gain a few levels and get some fire resist gear or potions . use some poisons on your arrows , and apply restore health potions liberally . remember , you can instantly drink as many potions as you want , so you are only limited by the number you can reasonably afford/create . another good strategy is to hire a melee companion , who will gladly run in and provide a distraction while you add your damage . just remember that you can not get a sneak attack on a creature who is in combat with your companion , so try to get your sneak attack in first , before your companion runs in as a distraction . essentially , use everything you have available to help you and be creative . each individual aspect of skyrim 's combat may be one-dimensional , but there is still plenty of strategy because there are so many options .
to understand why , we need to examine what would happen if healers did not gain exp from casting spells by looking at the original disgaea . in the first game , this was not the case , which led to healers being a total pain to level up because you had to specially weaken an enemy and then have the healer kill it , or rely on the team attack system . this meant healers tended to lag behind in level significantly and required more work to be worthwhile . ( healers were also under-powered compared to flonne and angels which made the issue even worse ) in later games in the series , including disgaea 2 , healers gain exp from healing to make them less awkward and annoying to level up . there is not some in-universe justification offered or anything like that , its just a mechanic designed to prevent the process of leveling one from being frustrating
i am assuming the leader is a player , not an entity . have a scoreboard objective of type health called whatever you want , and set the display to sidebar . make sure the 2 teams have colored names . this will show health for everybody though . also have an objective for death counts to keep track of when the leader dies . commands : /scoreboard objectives add health health Health - make health objective /scoreboard objectives setdisplay health sidebar - set to sidebar /scoreboard teams add red Red - add team red /scoreboard teams add redleader Red - add team red 's leader /scoreboard teams add blueleader Blue - add team blue 's leader /scoreboard teams option red color red - set red name color to red /scoreboard teams option blue color blue - set blue name color to blue /scoreboard teams option redleader color red - set redleader name color to red /scoreboard teams option blueleader color red - set blueleader name color to blue then have a clock testing for a death . commands : /scoreboard objectives add death deathCount Deaths - make deaths objective testfor @a[score_death_min=1,team=redleader] - output to whatever you want to happen when the red leader dies . testfor @a[score_death_min=1,team=blueleader] - output to whatever you want to happen when the blue leader dies . also do not forget to add all the people in the game to their teams !
to teleport your crew members back : make sure your teleporter is active ( after using it to teleport crew members over , it will take a while for it to reset and be usable again ) . make sure the crew members you are trying to teleport are standing in a room , not entering or leaving it . ( if they are busy fighting someone that is fine ) . click on the bottom of the two teleportation icons . click on the room in the enemy ship which holds your crew members .
play a champion that does not rely on auto attacks and has a gap closer . the biggest reason teemo top is good is his blind and his fast movement speed . yorick : high harass , has a slow and a speed boost , and sustain . shuts down teemo hard . use ghouls to push teemo off all that farm and if teemo risks the farm drop everything you got on him and charge at him . he can not blind you + 3 ghouls ( + your ult if you thin you got him ) i would also run exhaust on yorick to really lock down teemo . rumble : spell based , has a nice speed boost and the slows from harpoon . teemo 's blind is useless on rumble besides being annoying . yes he is ranged but if he goes in for cs/harass you can hit him with harpoon , pop w shield/speed boost , and flame spitter him to death . most ap tops are pretty strong vs teemo due to the use of spells and not relying on auto attacks . hope this helped . have fun ! edit : if you really want to play wukong vs teemo . bait some harass out of him with your clone then q + hop onto him , or q + hop then clone out fast hopefully before his blind comes out or he does a lot of harass . just play a bit aggressively on him and less on farming . mercury treads help remove some of his dot and blind damage .
first off , i dont know what is your current ranked elo , but as far as i know , on mid-high elo ranked games , both teams have a jungler , by saying so , if the opposite jungler allows you to steal red/blue buffs and other monsters you will be ahead exp/gold wise . if the other team does not have a jungler , and you have appropriate map control you can wipe their jungle up and that will harm the opposite team because carries usually want to get red buff before team fights , and so do mages with the blue buff . take into account that in these mid-high elo ranked games , usually the teams coordinate up to gank the junglers who usually begin on the blue buff , the map below illustrates the points where the ganks are prepared : therefore as your elo scales up , you should consider alternative jungling routes , the one i do on most of my junglers is the following : 1 ) golems 2 ) wraths 3 ) wolves 4 ) recall to base 5 ) blue or red , depeding on the need for a gank and in current gold/items 6 ) by the time you are done with blue or red the golems should have been respawned again , rinse and repeat .
as a computer guy and a gamer , i have always preferred a solid wired connection . however , with wireless technologies such as 802.11n that is not really that big a deal any more , even 802.11g is still suitable for good gaming . your ping times will definitely suffer a little bit when playing wireless instead of a cabled connection , but it will not be a bad choice . if you value a slightly ( very small increase here ) better reaction time , then a wired connection is the way to go ( as in the case of first person shooters , fighting games , etc ) but if you are using it for things like netflix or streaming media/downloading dlc , indie games , etc . wireless will work just fine . edit : i just looked up the specs for the 360s , if you get a wireless router capable of broadcasting at 802.11n you will not have any problems ( assuming you do not have any other major types of wireless interference [ a cordless phone does not count ] ) . just make sure that you set up your wireless network to broadcast on a channel that is not in use nearby . the standard channels are 1 , 6 , or 11 because they allow for the least amount of overlap if they run into another signal .
in the entire map there is one path to the end from the escape , and that is the west entrance to the end . we also know that there is an exit from the end that leads to the actual end area . the simplest explanation is that the east exit from the end is that exit , and that the game does not register it when you do . since there are no other exits from that room , i would infer that there are no other secret exits .
yes you can buy games or items , without previous games installed . for games you buy them as gifts and choose add to inventory as your option , for steam community items like dota2 , tf2 and csgo items they will always be saved to your inventory so you do not need the game in your library sidenote ( if you buy tf2/dota crates you will need the game to open them )
if you allow yourself to get into a position where a guard is not engaging you but is within melee range , he will occasionally try to slap some handcuffs onto you . this can happen if you pick a door that has a guard standing on the other side for example on framing frame day 1 at the art gallery with the door leading into the toilets or from getting too close to a law enforcer for a period of time during combat .
i found this forum thread which claims to have a full listing of all the geneforge 2 endings , and there is no reference to tuldaric 's modifications having any impact . nothing about altering appears anywhere in any reference to an ending as far as i can tell . without playing the game through twice , i can not give a definitive answer , but from what i have seen , i think you will get the " non canister " ending if you do not use canisters but agree to the alteration .
it is always random , you can select game modes via custom battles , but i do not think quests are completable within them . as you gain tiers ( 3 ranks = 1 tier ) more and more game types are introduced . so by tier 5 you have all of them . within tier 1 and 2 there are limited game modes , so combat recon might not be available until tier 3 . i know for sure it is in tier 3 , might be there in 2 . *Tier 1 - Rank 1 - 3 *Tier 2 - Rank 4 - 6 *Tier 3 - Rank 7 - 9 *Tier 4 - Rank 10 - 12 *Tier 5 - Rank 13 - 15 
the star trek online wiki has a wonderful description of each damage type , i have copy and pasted them below ( in case the website goes boom ) . phaser damage is displayed as an orange colored beam . it is a directed energy primarily used by the federation for both ground and space weaponry , although in-game any race or faction can use phaser energy weapons . the term " phaser " is an acronym for phased energy rectification . player-acquired starships for the federation by default come with phaser energy weapons . shields and armor with the [ pha ] suffix modifier take 20% less phaser damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : disable 1 subsystem for 5 seconds ( space ) / 5% chance : +2 hold disruptors are a type of directed energy used in weapons , and are green or dark green in color . they are used by races such as the romulans , klingons , gorn and orions . there are multiple types of disruptor energy ranging from type 1 to type 3 , although in-game there does not appear to be any difference between disruptor energy weapons . disruptors cause damage to the target by breaking the bonds of atoms . shields and armor with the [ dis ] suffix modifier take 20% less disruptor damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) : 10% damage resistance debuff plasma energy beams are emerald in color . plasma projectiles are typically seen in use by romulan , cardassian and borg vessels and weapons platforms . high-yield plasma projectiles are extremely powerful . focused beam plasma energy is not directly used by any one race or faction in the game . shields and armor with the [ pla ] suffix modifier take 20% less plasma damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) chance : applies a non-stacking dot tetryon energy beams are blue in color . tetryon weapons are not specifically used by any race or faction , but they are available to anyone . tetyrons are subatomic particles that exist outside of normal space . when brought into normal space from subspace ( artificially or naturally ) they become highly unstable . shields and armor with the [ tet ] suffix modifier take 20% less tetryon damage than usual . energy bonus : bonus damage to shields ( ground and space ) polaron directed energy was heavily utilized by the jem'hadar during the dominion war on both their starship and ground weapons . in star trek online they are pink/purple in color and are available to all races and factions . they are first available to players at the captain rank ( mk viii ) . polaron ground weaponry typically leaves an anticoagulant behind , although this is not the case in the game . shields and armor with the [ pol ] suffix modifier take 20% less polaron damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : -25 power to all subsystems ( space ) / 5% chance : weapons malfunction for 5 sec ( ground ) antiprotons , when confined into a beam , are normally yellow in color ; however , in star trek online it appears near identical at distance to phaser energy 1 and the differences are only apparent up close . [ 2 ] up close , the energy looks a lot more unstable , similar to plasma and tetyron energy . antiproton beams were used by the planet-destroying doomsday machine . in the game , antiproton energy is used on end-game weaponry . shields with the [ ap ] suffix modifier take 20% less antiproton damage than usual . energy bonus : +2% critcal chance +40 critical severity in star trek online all types of torpedoes and mines use kinetic energy as a form of damage . kinetic energy is highly negated by shields both in ground combat by a personal shield and space combat by a shield array . kinetic energy is produced from the reaction of any explosion . although projectiles are based on kinetic damage they do have some differences ; for example , quantum torpedoes and mines use plasma-based warheads , whereas photon torpedoes and mines use a standard matter/antimatter warhead . all projectiles are fully based around kinetic energy damage . energy bonus : none
you can not unequip item from its slot , once you pick up your first item you will have to have something equipped in that slot constantly through the game . which sucks if your first item has negative effects . however items are random and frequent and mostly do not have negative effects , so you will sooner or later get something to replace it ; using the menu ( by pressing o ) . and then there is also the choice of not picking up any items , so you can finish the game without any items equipped . . . not sure why would anyone want to do this but . . .
first pause the game using spacebar . then click the weapon icon you intend to cancel the shot from as if to target it to another system , then right click somewhere in empty space to cancel the shot entirely .
one of the major considerations i make when creating a load out is " what do i want to do with this load out ? " then i pick and choose perks that best suit that end goal . here is an example of a load out that i used to answer the need " i want to run around like a nut and knife people like crazy . ": usp + tac knife riot shield flash bangs marathon pro lightweight commando pro the synergy here is strong , and its also quite annoying to the opponent . i will go over the synergy even tho i fear it is quite obvious . first off lightweight gets you moving much quicker , the pro for lightweight does not really help much in this load out , but its always a bonus . moving quicker is nice since you want to focus on knifing people with this load out , which brings me to the usp + tac knife . this allows you to knife much faster and much more frequently . many times i have been able to sneak into a room and kill off 3+ people because of being able to knife so quickly . without it maybe 1 or 2 people before they start to react and take me down . the riot shield is great for fleeing from an opponent , as it greatly reduces the surface area of your body that is available to shoot . as well as allowing you to provide a distraction to your opponents for your teammates if you pull it to the front and block for them . flash bangs are always useful , even more so when you need to get close to the opponent . ( to knife them ) marathon pro is important because it allows you to run forever , which is very important when you have to be close to kill , and also makes those pesky ladders not so pesky . commando pro lets you take that swipe much sooner and greatly increases your lethality when focusing on knife killing . and the pro , removing falling damage is amazing when you are running around like a nut trying to avoid getting shot . jumping out a window without fear of death is a nice thing to have . so , there ya go , the focus of the load out is to keep moving get close and stab a lot . every item in the load out furthers that goal to some extent , as well as providing a little bit of utility to help the team if needed .
if i remember correctly , the deposit gets returned to you when something sells , but the auction house itself takes 5% out of the winning bid as it is fee . i do know that it is a fixed portion , and not affected by duration . the neutral auction house takes a larger cut -- 15% . filthy goblins . as a reminder , you do not get your deposit back if your item does not sell . the cost of the deposit itself varies with duration ( as you noticed ) but the vendor price of the item in question as well . taken from wowwiki again , the goblin-run auction houses charge more :
they drop randomly from doing jobs and fighting in new york . presumably , the rate is similar to any other chop shop item , as there are not exceptions noted , but i personally have not fought or done jobs in ny at all really since the chop shop was introduced , so i am not entirely sure . ~ source
decapitation will prevent reanimation , though it is impossible to pull off consistently , and it does not work on creatures . reanimated corpses will turn to dust after the spell ends or the caster is killed , which prevents further reanimation . disintegration from lightning magic also works . kill the necromancer raising them . raise them first .
epic war has a large collection of warcraft 3 maps . just choose a category on their search page : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/ here is a search url for all survivor td maps , sorted by downloads : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/?dosearch=1name=category=5players_bool=1players=1roc=1tft=1order=descsort=downloadspage=1
not generally , per their agreement : " all steam fees are payable in advance and are not refundable in whole or in part . " however , it is possible in special circumstances to cancel an order . i managed to undo a preorder of a game that went on sale the day after i preordered it . i contacted customer support , and since i did not actually get the game yet ( it was not out ) , they allowed me to cancel my preorder and reorder with the sale price . i do not recall whether my credit card had been charged for the initial order , however .
found out some information here . do i have to fork over 1$ every time i want to play this mode ? it seems that you do need to buy a ticket each time you want to play in mann up mode , however you do not need to pay to play mann vs . machine . what gives ? how does mann-up mode work ? playing on the valve servers in mann up mode is the same as playing on regular mann vs machine servers , with the addition of item drops and service record information tracking , in the form of a tour of duty badge . each successful win in mann up mode gives you a exclusive mann vs machine item drop . mann up mode keeps track of the games you have played , and you can earn progress to a ' rare item ' . then upon receiving that rare item , your card gets leveled up and you can repeat the process as a higher rank and continue to get more and more rare items . if i can play the update without playing in mann-up mode ( and without paying ) , what is the benefit to paying valve each time ? the $0.99 you spend gets you an item each time . i am going to say it gives you a hat or misc each time since the faq linked above states : all items unique to mann up mode are cosmetic so the $0.99 you spend each time gives you a hat/misc each time , as well as adding up to a ' rare-item ' though the progress of your tour of duty badge . however , you do not need to pay the $0.99 each time you play mann up mode , tour of duty tickets and squad surplus vouchers are only consumed upon successful completion of a mission . if you do not beat the mission for any reason , then your tickets and vouchers will not be consumed and can be used again later . so a disconnect or a loss does not consume the $0.99 . therefore you really do get a hat/misc for each ticket you buy . personal experience : i have played mann vs . machine on a regular , non-mann up mode , server . i did not receive any item drops upon successful completion of the game . ( aside , this game mode is very fun and i highly recommend it . although it can be glitchy , it seems as though valve has not fully tested it when they released it . ) it seems as though star has beaten me to sum up what mann up mode is . watch his vid at 2:35 to 3:15 and 4:24 to 5:28 for some first hand experience as to what mann-up mode is .
the way the bonus pool system is designed , you are definitely experiencing a glitch . the bonus pool is designed as a reward / incentive . a negative bonus pool would punish you for playing ; there is no way this would ever be intentional . congrats on the promotion ! here are some links explaining the bonus pool : comprehensive sc2 league and ladder guide faq from blizzard i do not have any references to directly prove that a negative bonus pool is invalid , but it can be deduced from the various descriptions and observed behaviors .
no , there really are not any ways to get camos quicker , the best and fastest way to get your guns gold is to only use the gun you are trying to get gold .
there are specific vision indicators as you have already noticed but you cannot tell whether somthing is true vision ( ignores stealth ) or just a normal vision ( ignores fog of war / bushes ) . this depends entirely on the spell that is cast . a nidalee trap grants vision to a stealthed target and it used to have the same indicator ( second picture ) as corkis phosphorous bomb ( does not reveal stealth ) . if you see such a thing above your head it basically just means that the enemy has vision on this champion . here you can find a list with all stealth detection methods . here you can find a list of all vision generating spells . you will notice some of them use the same icon as stealth detecting ones . the following champion spells use individual " marks " for vision . the ones not listed use the standard " eyes " that look like this diana q ( champion is pierced by a ray of dim light , does not reveal stealth ) warwick e ( two red eyes , does not reveal stealth ) twisted fate r ( orange eye , does reveal stealth ) talon q ( blade above the target , does not reveal stealth directly but prevents from entering it due to ticking damage ) nidalee passive ( a yellow triangle , does reveal stealth ) rengar r ( not really a mark , but the champion glows red , reveals stealth )
there are three ways to fix a chunk error : log off and log on again press f3 + a reset your render distance in display options sources are here and here edit : as additional information , option 2 and 3 forcibly reload all chunks .
the weapon depicted on the door is the key to open it . for example , this door . . . . . . is opened by the thistle sword . you have to purchase ( or acquire ) that weapon , then activate the door ( the item does not have to be equipped , just in your inventory ) . you then receive the weapon inside .
yes , if a minion attacks a hero with the weapon exposed , they will take the damage from the weapon , but the weapon will not lose any uses .
any effect which states that it increases recovery of an attribute , without further qualification , increases it both in-combat and out . anything that is specific to one or the other will say so .
if you play on veteran but your partner plays on regular , the game will give you credit for the lower difficulty . this applies to any situation where the difficulties chosen do not match . usually there is a warning to this effect , i believe over the picture of the specop you are starting .
i believe that is the zelda room , you will need to have the fire flower and light up the torches in the room . there is a fire flower in the very first room between the " ! " question mark boxes . [ ? ] [ ? ] [ ? ] x &lt ; --there is some fire power . [ ? ] hope that helps . . the formatting for posting that picture is a little off but you get the idea if your looking at the very first room of the world .
ok so i cleared out about 90% of the castle with a lich and here are some numbers : i started with : hp = 135 mp = 167 i reached the cap on hp ( which i guess answers this question but i wanted to figure out some more ) : hp = 383 mp = 167 i used hp conversion ( popped up -191 max hp , +191 max mp ) : hp = 191 mp = 358 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -99 max hp , +99 max mp ) : hp = 100 mp = 457 ( found a +5 hp stat in a chest here ) i reached the cap on hp once again : hp = 386 ( 383 + 5/2 ? ) mp = 457 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -194 max hp , + 194 max mp ) : hp = 194 mp = 651 i used hp conversion again ( popped up max mp converted . need higher level ) so then i just got to the hp cap again and here is my final result : my stats read 386 max hp and 651 max mp so the max cap for both stats are determined by your overall stat in that , the biggest thing that stood out to me was the max hp + 5 stat increased my hp cap by 3 ( maybe 2.5 ? ) . i may try to see what max hp paladins and barbarians have with out upgrading and keeping track of stat upgrades i find . maybe i will take off hp giving equipment and subtract the bonuses my lich has on right now to see how he matches up , could do the same for archmages or something as well . but first this guy has to die , or maybe beat my last 2 + final bosses . edit : ponce too strong for the crowstorm lich : ( but back too numbers : did not purchase any hp+ or mp+ with my money , did not get any stats so just dis-equipped . hp w/o equip bonuses : lich hp cap = 311 barbarian max hp = 473 paladin max hp = 315 most i could say here is the cap is about the same as the paladin 's current max hp mp w/o equip bonuses : lich mp cap = 566 archmage max mp = 375 so the lich caps at about 1.5 times as much mp as the archmage currently has max .
these sort of messages are typically received from civilizations that are hostile to your own . i believe the idea behind those is to let you know that civilization is hostile to you . to give you a hint about the areas in which you are lacking ( e . g . if they say you are uncivilized , it indicates your culture output is too low ) . i am pretty sure that among the two response options , one is just to slightly increase the hostility and one to slightly decrease it , basically giving you some influence about the future of the relations .
you can free-fall ( with the " dying " animation ) for a few seconds before you are reset up on your high ledge . your best bet is moving down successive ledges until you get to your destination . it will take more time than just jumping down directly , but it is faster than trying and failing multiple times . some tips : i believe i was the one with the jumping tip—even if you are in the " dying " animation , tap a rapidly right before hitting the ground . you will jump once and not die . when falling near green wall vines , press ↑ to catch them . you can stop your fall this way even if you are in the " dying " animation . float down slowly by holding down a whenever gomez does the " dying " animation . he will stop heaving in a few seconds and you can continue downwards . you will lose some downward progress by floating up , but if you do this a few times on your descent , you will find you can float all the way down . there is no secret reset spawn code , as you mentioned . if you reset your game , you will start the room near the door used to enter it . if you just can not make it down , you can just continue on—the last room node in the chain invariably has a nearby warp portal back to the warp zone . i can help more specifically if you mention the room you are in .
short answer : no . they have been many discussion on this topic in dota 2 and as long as you try your best to win , you can raise your mmr and reach your full potential without getting stuck in any " elo hell " . for the record , the experiment made in the link above consist in : a highly rated player ( 5400-5600 mmr ) using a low calibrated account ( 2900 mmr ) played 144 consecutives game with a 85% winrate brought the mmr of the 2900 account up to 5400 raised the victory ratio from 47% to 60% on the account
overclocking the sensors decreases the amount of time it takes to run a scan . when to overclock depends on your game configuration . if your game is configured such that sensors operate at unlimited range , science should be scanning the ships idly whenever possible . you will probably only be engaging enemies you have already scanned , so overclocking is effectively never used . however , if your game is configured such that sensors operate at a highly limited range , or if you have found yourself in combat and did not expect it , overclocking sensors can be a huge boon . you want to scan your enemies as fast as possible ; this way , you know what frequency their shields are vulnerable to and waste less time in movement . generally , there is no reason to overclock , but do it when you need the information from science immediately .
i do not believe that chest to be safe and is tied directly to a quest . i would suggest checking out this page here . it lists all the currently known locations in the world with ' safe ' storage that will not reset . . . my personal favourite is the alchemist 's shack .
since soul trap can not be resisted ( well , except by corpses and dragons and the like ) , i do not think there is much of a point in stacking soul trap . but there is one minor one that has more to do with fiery soul trap 's mechanics than stacking soul trap . the fire damage on fiery soul trap is fixed at 10 , aside from perk effects . that means if you turn the magnitude all the way down to 1 ( 1 second soul trap ) , you are doing 10 fire damage for far cheaper than a normal fire enchantment . you can then add a longer soul trap and have it be marginally cheaper than if you had just made the fiery soul trap enchantment stronger , i believe . i did not look too far into it because it seems kind of wasteful , but for me the break-even point was 8-second soul trap ( so 9- or 10-second soul trap + 1 sec fiery soul trap is cheaper than just 9- or 10- second fiery soul trap ) . there are way better combinations , of course , because one second of soul trap is really all you need . there is a similar mechanic for the notched pickaxe . it does shock damage ( at 50% of the magnitude of a shock enchantment ) and grants a bonus to smithing . you get the +5 bonus to smithing no matter the magnitude of the shock damage .
like final fantasy xiii , extras are unlockables you can use out-of-game when you complete certain objectives . they are always tied to major achievements , like completing the storyline or non-trivial achievements ( gold or platinum trophies in the ps3 version ) 1 . for the ps3 version , the extras available are xmb themes . for the xbox 360 version , the extras available are gamer pictures/icons . note 1 : gamefaqs has the specific info about how to unlock them .
it is actually true . taunting when standing on a capture point speeds up capturing a 10% . you can see it in the " pro tips " in game :
the upgrades you have done will carry over to your new forge in your new game+ , so you will be able to collect items and such to upgrade your weapons . you can even upgrade weapons you do not have yet in your ng+ playthrough ( i was able to upgrade the dueling pistols , for example , at the beginning of the game ) . so yes , you can complete the game and still have the ability to finish up that achievement in a ng+ .
as the other answer states , there are no real advantageous bonuses to having furniture , but it does make the game feel a little more realistic and as you stated adds some asthetics so your home . as far as the interactions go , the best way to think about it is how would your real life pet interact with something ? the t . v , he will stare at it the couch , he will sleep on it the fish , he will stare at it ( and probably consider consuming it ) as for your question , the larger things such as tables and cabinets , the cats may sleep on them , but thats about it . if you check the nintendogs + cats wiki you can see how your pets will interact with the furniture items . ( and the requirements to obtain them )
like most things in guild wars , it depends on whether that hour a day you can spend can be extended at all . the fastest current way found is to repeatedly farm the first few enemies on the farmer hamnet quest , detailed here - claimed ldoa in 2-3 days : http://www.guildwarsguru.com/forum/fastest-way-ldoa-t10473064.html?t=10473064highlight=ldoa+speed other than that , if we discount the exp you will gain from killing foes for the sake of simplicity , you will need 101,000 experience to get from level 10 to level 20 , and at 1,000 experience per day , you are looking at about 101 days , probably quite a few less since you will be killing some monsters to gain exp along the way . cut that number down further if you have some time to go charr hunting in the northlands ; it is a great way to get up to 14 or so in a few days without being as boring as farming one mob over and over again . at an hour a day , plan on devoting 2-3 months at it , and you will probably be pleasantly surprised . almost forgot to mention , class matters a bit more in pre as well . if you are , say , a ranger , you might be able to take advantage of the bonus weapons that come with pre-ordering some of the games if you did that , or owning collector 's editions . aoe scatter also does not exist in pre , so quite a few people like running elementalists or ele secondaries for that reason .
banelings usually prefer to attack units and do not attack buildings unless manually ordered to do so . when " attack structure " is set to auto cast , banelings will prefer to attack buildings and only go for units if there are no buildings in sight . when a baneling explodes next to a building and a unit , the building will take 80 damage and the unit will take 20/35 , no matter why the baneling exploded . if the building or the unit was targeted , or if the baneling exploded because it got killed or the player manually hit " explode " makes no difference .
as you can see by clicking on weapon links you can acquire them only in multiplayer . " acquisition : multiplayer : randomly rewarded by purchasing a multiplayer item pack after the mass effect 3: resurgence pack has been downloaded and installed . " from mass effect official site " first multiplayer expansion " " deadly weapons , new consumables , and powerful characters for each class in multiplayer "
i believe there is no factor for doing stunts , it is just the distance covered that counts . however i could find evidence both for and against the trick theory ( none of them 100% reliable , mind you ) for : http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/105768-13-andreas-increase-driving-skills against : http://gta.wikia.com/statistics if i remember correctly , it was a viable technique to level up these skills by jumping a vehicle onto a flatbed train and letting it carry you around the map for a few ( or for lots of ) rounds .
the weapons that currently do damage over time are in these two lists : fire weapons bleed weapons which correspond to the two things that can do dot currently , afterburn and bleed . the gloves of running urgently used to do self-damage as long as they were equipped . that is been replaced with minicrits on yourself , but it is possible that a new item may have that effect .
the mass effect inventory is shared - what is shepard 's is everyone else 's too . that said , the only thing that does not count against the limit are those items which you have equipped . it might be time to goop some avenger 's down to omnigel , or make bank offloading your ill-gotten guns to the nearest shop owner . clear out some guns , armor , and mods , and you will have plenty of space again in no time .
yes i believe so . the first master assassin you train is the one who he is referring to . he does not call him by name as that is random still . it is highly unlikely that he could be referring to any other ( random ) assassin . that assassin started off at level 10 immediately so must have worked with yusuf for a long time . iirc , he could not even be killed , he will be left " unconscious " and recover eventually instead of dying . ( somehow , one of my assassin 's were " knocked out " when i called on them in battle , i believe it was my den master at the time )
according to the mass effect wiki there are only 7 playable races human drell asari krogan quarian salarian turian as a side note , only humans can be every single class . the wiki also has a table for class/race combinations . dlcs : as of the resurgence dlc pack ( free ) , the following races were added : batarian geth as of the rebellion dlc pack ( free ) , the following races were added : vorcha quarian project phoenix ( modified human ) as of the earth dlc pack ( free ) n7 ( modified human ) as of the retaliation dlc pack ( free ) volus
you will need to use these abilities ; rapid getaway speed freak flicker you are better off using melee consumers ( as you start with 5/5 melee resources , in contrast to another resources for pistols , for example ) to trigger rapid getaway , preferably one that is instant cast so you can spam sprint immediately after . start towards the starting line and trigger rapid getaway as you pass the start line trigger speed freak and then get sprint up as soon as possible keep running toward the finish line with just sprint use flicker at the last second to get you over the finish line . without using flicker at the last second you will not make it , recasting anything during the run will take you out of sprint , and will slow you down .
you have a morgue and from the picture i cannot see any problem with it , so it must be a bug causing the cook to be left in the infirmary . one way to fix the problem is to edit the save game file but remember to take a copy first in case editing it causes it not to load properly . search for the text " type cook " to locate each cook in the file . for some objects the information is all on one line , other times it gets split into multiple lines , so use a regex like Type[ ]+Cook[ ]* . the reason to match spaces after the word " cook " is that otherwise you will also find all the Cookers in your prison kitchens . check for a line with Damage followed by a number , i think 1 represents full damage and any value between 0 and 1 is the level of injury . e . g in my prison i have an injured dog handler changing the value to zero , or removing the line should bring the cook back to life ! if you have any problems add the section of the save game file to your question and i will see if i can help . original answer , before the question was updated showing the morgue : if you do not want to create a whole new room for the morgue you can allocate space in your infirmary for a couple of slabs . change the room type of the top part of your infirmary to morgue ( red rectangle in my picture ) and then add one or two slabs ( white rectangles ) . the chef will be moved to one of them and eventually a hearse will arrive to take him away . do not worry about the doors being blocked , people will still be able to go through them . if you start to get a lot of bodies piling up then you can build a separate , bigger , morgue .
the stimulus pack maps are now included in the regular playlists : so if you choose the demolition playlist for example , there is a pseudo-random chance that you will play a map from the stimulus package . to be sure , you can play these maps outside of private matches , but you have to rely on the luck of the draw . you are correct in thinking there are no longer dedicated stimulus package playlists . these have been replaced by playlists for the resurgence pack .
so a ladder reset means that your current ladder rank , league rank , and point values will be reset . its important to note that your hidden rank is not reset . ladder resets are designed to occur periodically , but what that period is has changed a couple times . the current prevailing belief ( after blizzcon ) is quarterly . while your hidden rank is designed to measure your skill accurately , your ladder rank does not do this very well . a reset is designed to help correct this disparity to some degree . because your hidden rank is not reset the system will still be matching you against equal quality players and using that to determine your league .
mobs can not really use anything that players can use ( including levers ) . the only exceptions are ladders and pressure plates . ladders because it only requires that the mob move towards the ladder to use it , and ai does not actually know how to use the ladder causing them to fall off of it pretty easily .
definitely sounds like a bug , but getting them to move in together isnt that hard through convo , just have to cycle through friendly options until the conversation reaches a ' friendly ' level
loot is instanced . each player sees only their own loot , so the general loot quantity is unaffected by playing multiplayer , regardless of how many players are playing . neither the number of players you have in your party or the difficulty level effects loot quality . in order to get better drops you want to be stacking magic find , and as the loot is all instanced , this will affect the loot that drops for you , rather than being split out across your party like in other games .
yes there is - you can split a stack of items by holding down the control key and clicking on the stack . this will pop up a little window that allows you to select how many you want to split off into a new stack .
in brogue , it appears that searching is not limited to just adjacent squares , but rather it affects a fair distance around you - perhaps even the entire room as your eyes can see . as such , discovering hidden doors and traps is a lot easier . you can search a few ( 4-6 ) times in the center of a room or corridor and you should be able to find anything without error . secret doors are pretty easy to know where to look for , especially due to the advantages of a long range search . there is two key things to take in mind . first , the path between the stairs is always possible without crossing chasms , lava , or deep water . if it ever appears that your only way to progress needs a potion of levitation or other method of crossing , look instead for ways that may have secret doors . there is guaranteed to be one somewhere . second , brogue uses up as much of each floor 's allotted space as possible for rooms and corridors . not unlike how one seeks things out in other rogue-likes , always keep an eye out for dead space in your map - it is very frequently going to contain a secret room . traps are a bit more difficult . note that traps are far more infrequent in the early levels of the dungeons of doom , while they increase in frequency drastically as you approach the bottom levels . traps will not spawn on the likes of water and mud , but they can spawn on grass . keep this in mind , especially when you reach the levels that incendiary traps are generated , as a flaming lawn can easily spell your demise . if you are lucky , a very helpful trinket is the ring of awareness . this performs automatic searching in the area around you every turn . again , as search affects an area around you , this is incredibly potent ( as long as you do not have more combat-necessary rings to use ) . while higher enchantment levels improve the search accuracy of the ring , it would be wise to keep your scrolls of enchantment for other items . overall , the search intensity of brogue is far less than that of other roguelikes . the expanded range of search greatly helps , but also the number of secret doors is not nearly as large as in other roguelikes .
daniel cross was suffering from the bleeding effect when he confronted desmond miles . this was why he was holding his head and speaking in russian . bleeding effect is a disorder wherein the genetic memories of one 's ancestor begins to blend in with the person 's own memories .
treasure boxes have , and probably always will be , one time occurrences in the final fantasy series . therefore , if you sell a unique item you will permanently no longer have access to the item ( i found out the hard way with the bloody Morph materia in ff7 ) . there are no missable items in ff13-2 so unless you sell it , you can get it . the only exceptions to these are mini-games . although i do not think any mini-game in ff13-2 gives a treasure box as a reward . another point to note is the Live Trigger rewards . you get rewards , kind of like the treasure box , for a ' funny ' answer and a ' serious ' answer . you can use Time Reversal to replay these events and retrieve the missed items . but once you have both items , they cannot be gotten again .
not at the moment . the mod tools are still somehwat limited since the source code for many of the libraries has not yet been released , so i do not think it is possible to create all the underlying systems of espionage points , missions , etc . i would not be surprised to see it in the future though .
it happens to me too , and only at shang simla , no other place . . . i read around and the common conclusion is that a sim out there got stuck and can not find a right pathing to get out so it keeps running a check to find a correct pathing to get out of the stuck condition , which is why the game lag every few min ( game time ) . . . which makes sense since there are quite a few spots there where a sim can get stuck with the horrible pathing . i use http://ts3.tscexchange.com/index.php?topic=4685.0 which seems to help , but like any cc it probably has some risks too
there are literally dozens of terran builds and possibly hundreds of cheeses . as a result i am going to try and lay out a couple of the broad strokes , but unlike protoss or zerg these are not going to be succinct build orders . the three major builds in terran play are : bio mech 1:1:1 obviously there is a lot of variation and overlap between these builds but i am going to try and lay out the broad strokes here . terran bio revolves around building a marine/marauder/medivac force for a nice timing push . this is sometimes called the mmm build . openings usually consist of 3 barracks ( sometimes called rax ) , 2 with techlabs and 1 with a reactor . a terran economy can readily support 3 barracks . the timing push here usually comes at about 40 food with a heavy marauder/marine force with stim . the build continues to evolve into the late game by adding on a factory and starport for medivac support . medivacs are key to stim based play , as any force that stims is necessarily at reduced hp for the remainder of the game . additionally , medivac 's provide for drops which increases the mobility of your army . you can also transition into bio mech , or add ghosts on for tvp . terran mech grew out of early hellion harass . this usually involved building one barracks before going to 2 factory and pumping out hellions for early harass and then transitioning into a more stable thor/siege tank force . this is especially effective vs zerg players going muta/ling as upgraded hellions are powerful vs zerglings and thors do splash damage to mutalisk . additionally , heavy siege tank forces are effective vs hydra/roach armies . top zerg players ( such as artosis and idra ) have said that terran mech is so powerful it is " broken " ( a term to mean unbalanced ) against zerg . a key point to remember is that the initial barracks can be used for scouting or to produce marines ( which help an early mech army ) . the 1:1:1 was first popularized by the player the little one ( tlo ) and has become the standard in tvt play . the name derives from having one of each unit producing structure : 1 barracks , 1 factory , 1 starport . the synergy that units from these buildings provide have cause this build to become increasingly popular outside of tvt play . the basic idea here is to build a marine , tank , viking force , using the vikings to give line of sight to the siege tanks ( which can fire further than they can see ) and using marines to fight off air harass . one of the important points of this strategy is to use vikings to establish air dominance . in a losing battle , the vikings can always land and wait for marine support ( as vikings are an air to air unit ) . the power from this build comes in its flexibility . usually 1 techlab and 2 reactors , these addons can quickly be switched , allowing the deployment of banshees ( once air superiority has been obtained ) and hellions , or swapping to marauders to break a siege tank grouping . unless there are serious balance changes in the future a number of sc2 commentators ( huk , day9 ) have suggested that this will become the standard terran play . i will briefly mention a couple of the standard terran cheese strategies . 6 rax into reaper harass is a popular tvp strategy , as early reapers built from a proxy rax ( a barracks built close to the opponent ) will arrive before the protoss has stalkers and thus are unbeatable with good micro . banshee rush , especially against zerg opponents has also been popular as zerg does not have a staple unit before tier 2 that can attack air . thor drops ( often a part of mech builds , or biomech ) are very effective . while rushing thor drops can be considered a cheese , use of them as part of a normal build is present at even the competitive level . standard terran opening is : 9 supply 12 barracks 13 refinery ( optional ) 15 orbital command how to read these : the number indicates the number of supply you should have when you build your first structure . this number is usually scvs but may include other units .
no dlc on import means zaeed and kasumi were never recruited . you will not meet them at all in me3 unless you recruited them in me2 .
you can not add queens to the group while they are in production . to make things even worse you can not even set the rally point for them , since queens always spawn directly near the hatchery ( in free space ) ignoring the rally point . and since they emerge directly from it , there are no eggs to be grouped . there already are few threads on blizzard forum where people complain about this issue . here under " spawn larvae " section there are few tricks on how to use spawn larvae ( queen ability ) faster , in your case it might help you to select queens and group them a bit faster .
no hiding spaces ? no bullets ? no problem . use a flare . all the nearby monsters will panic and you can just walk right past . here 's a video demonstration .
generally speaking , winning in the event makes the missions harder , and losing in the event makes the missions easier . here 's a part of the announcement for an event in february , 2014: pve scaling is in effect for the sub-events . this means that as agents consistently complete missions and defeat opponents , enemies will raise in difficulty . the exact win/loss ratio for a bump up or down in the difficulty is unclear . on the mpq forums , some folks report that they can get the difficulty level down 1 set of levels by losing 5 times in a row . their strategy was to put in a team of low level 1-star heroes and have them either lose or retreat repeatedly . when playing the previous event , i tried this repeatedly and only saw one decrease in difficulty even after losing 20 times in a row . it was a relatively small decrease as well ( roughly level 90 to level 80 ) . it may have been that i had too many wins and would need a substantially higher count of losses to reverse it , though . this strategy is also relatively difficult to implement some events ( such as the ' heroic ' oscorp event ) compared to other events . in these situations , the hero roster is very locked down , and/or there do not appear to be any " boosted " heroes which would make the difficulty matter a bit less . i have seen also that occasionally time plays a factor - if i leave the game alone for a while or do not participate in the event , when i come back sometimes the difficulty has gotten significantly easier . i do not know if this is intentional or a bug , but it has occasionally gotten me over the hump on a tricky level . once i won a single victory , though , the difficulty jumped right back up , unfortunately .
i recommend a complete refresh of your installation , because steam should not crash if you lose connection : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=3134-tial-4638 completely exit the steam client . open the run dialogue by pressing windows key + r ( you can also navigate here from the start menu by typing run ) . type steam://flushconfig then press enter . ( if asked to allow this website to open a program , please click allow or ok ) . restart your computer . now , launch steam directly from the installation folder , not from a pre-existing shortcut ( ~c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam ) . the steam application will either appear as steam or steam . exe depending on whether your settings show file extensions . if this does not help , there is more wrong than just your wifi adapter . i have wireless too and if mine is disconnecting for whatever reason , steam just stops downloading . as a further workaround , you can use this batch script : put it on your desktop in a textfile and save it as " check_steam . cmd " and run it before you leave your computer . make sure you have fileendings on , so you really remove the . txt ending and save it as . cmd . the icon should change to a window with some cogs . it simply checks if steam is running and if not , it relaunches it . you can cancel the script at any time by pressing ctrl-c in the black window that it opens and answering the question with y . for further problems with your computer that do not involve any gaming related software , i recommend asking on superuser , which is a site of stack exchange .
with a gold membership , you will have the ability to play with friends and family online . additional perks of having a gold membership can be found here : xbox live membership ( us only ; compare with uk or australia ) you do not have to pay for online access per game you wish to play multiplayer in on top of the subscription fee , though some of the newer games have started implementing an " online pass " feature , which locks multiplayer access until you buy a pass from the xbox live marketplace . these passes come free with new copies of those games , but for those who purchase used copies , you will have to purchase this separately . i am also assuming that you have an internet connection at your home ? otherwise the built-in wifi adapter would not do you much good .
according to this website : step 1: log on to psn ( on your computer ) for the respective region you wish to find the sku for ( in the us , for example , it is us.playstation.com ) . step 2: after that search for the game you want using the search bar on left side of the screen at the bottom of the buttons . after you have found the page of the game you are looking for , hit control + u to bring up source code of the page . step 3: near the bottom of the source code , you should see something like this : the second-last line of the source code is the sku or game id of the game you were looking for ( so for instance this would be npub30303 ) .
you might try some of these ( i would try gvaz 's fix before a full wipe ) , or this fix . hopefully you get it fixed ! you could also try renaming nvcpl.dll in the Borderlands\binaries folder , think i saw that on reddit a bit back . edit : in case threads go down , here are suggested fixes : close steam rename borderlands folder start steam and the download started by itself and finished shut down steam again , deleted the new folder after copying over to the old one , renamed old one started steam , and i could play the game . second fix : i deleted all my microsoft visuall version and installed the 4 that are mentioned in this thread : http://forums.gearboxsoftware.com/sh...d.php?t=114803 i switched borderlands language to english i have to get rid of the " write-protection " of my steam order everytime before i want to start the game . try this last ! after trying everything i mentioned a few times and other semi-fix attempts i decided to nuke and pave . with a fresh install of windows and 1.40 borderlands works . it seems for one reason or another the patch and/or something working together on my previous install may have corrupted/screwed up one of the two dlls that borderlands error is complaining about ( i replaced the first one , couldnt replace the second one as it was write protected ) .
there are many effects that occur but i would not classify any of them as " fatal " . the things that will happen : negative effects : your screen goes blurry you can not really walk straight anymore ( swimming and flying can be really tough ) if you say something in chat " s " will occasionally become " sh " and sometimes a " . . . hic ! " is added randomly . the level of npcs is displayed as 5 levels lower ( the real level still remains the same though ) . you can get a debuff " totally smashed " that will cause you to vomit . you are stunned during this . positive ( ? ) effects : you can get an achievement for falling 65 yards if you are drunk during the brewfest . yay let 's get smashed in an mmo ! your drunk status will go away after some time or on-death .
as long as you commit the crime while undetected , you will not accrue any bounties . numbers and heist jobs are particularly easy in this regard , as often times you can show up after hours when nobody is around . in many cases , these jobs take you to places where nobody goes - there is pretty much no risk of being caught for many of the ledgers/strongboxes . i tend to save beforehand so that i can reload if i end up getting caught , but with a high enough sneak skill , you should not have to worry . as long as the " eye " is completely closed when you interact with the ledger/strongbox , you are good to go .
as lyrion said , auctioneer is probably the most popular auction house tool for gathering information . but i have found that no one add-on always gives you everything you need . you may want to check out some other auction/crafting mods , such as auctionator and tradeskillmaster , which can help you to optimize your crafting . regardless of the convenience of the tools you use , a big part of crafting and playing the market will be the manual tasks of paying attention and recognizing demand .
there is no limit of how many times you can promote ( whether its the same class over and over or different classes ) . you will gain 75 points of war assets each time and a boost to your n7 ranking . the only draw back of doing so is you will ( very slowly ) lock yourself out of seeing any ending other than the best ending if you get some ridiculous amounts of war assets .
try the following settings in console : cl_cmdrate 60 cl_updaterate 60 rate 25000 net_graph 3 then look at the graph that pops up . what is your fps around , and are you getting any choke or loss issues ?
udyr is a funny champion because he plays very differently based on what stance you choose to prioritize . i’ll try to summarize the strengths of lane tiger , lane phoenix , tiger jungle and phoenix jungle . general udyr : use tanky masteries 0/21/9 . 0/21/9 is optimal on the jungle builds since it allows you to get increased buff duration and increased movement speed . you could also run 9/21/0 but udyr really enjoys having movement speed boosts given by the utility tree since he lacks a gap closer . sometimes people will run 9/21/0 or 21/9/0 on top udyr , but that mainly depends on what your team needs . udyr gets pretty tanky innately thanks to his turtle stance giving a relatively strong shield . runes : quintessences : both top and jungle udyr enjoy having movement speed quints since he lacks a gap closer . reds : phoenix stance loves attack speed since it allows you to proc the persistent effect more quickly . tiger stance benefits from armor penetration or attack damage . yellows : if you are in the jungle run flat armor runes . if you are in top lane it is best to customize against your opponent , but is pretty standard to default to flat armor runes . blues : if you are against an ap opponent top such as ryze or rumble then it can help to have flat mr runes . otherwise , use mr per level for late game effectiveness . in the jungle i normally run mr per level runes since i will not be taking much magic damage until later in the game . if i know i am going to spend a lot of time ganking mid lane early , then i look into putting on flat mr runes . general top udyr : udyr is the master of sitting in lane and farming . he has great sustain with turtle stance and can stun and run from ganks with his bear stance . he is strongest against champions that rely on poke to win , such as gangplank , since he can easily shield their damage with a well timed turtle stance . he wins most lanes by out-sustaining the enemy champion and getting more farmed as a result . it usually reaches the point where udyr can easily bully the opponent out of lane with a combination of bear and tiger stances , then heal any damage taken by using turtle stance . take care to not swap stances too often early on , or you will quickly find yourself running dry on mana . if it becomes too much of a problem , look into investing into a philosopher’s stone , which turns into the great speed boosting shurelya’s reverie , or if facing an ap champion top , maybe a chalice of harmony . summoner spells : these can be much more diverse than the jungle , so take what feels best to you . teleport : this allows you to teleport to a ward at dragon and help your team quickly . flash : this is strong on almost any champion , and udyr enjoys the ability to flash with a bear stance stun . ignite/exhaust : grabbing one of these can allow you to gain an advantage in any fights you have against your lane opponent and help influence later team fights . lane tiger : this is the most common form of top lane udyr that you will find . play cautiously in the beginning until you have a wriggle’s lantern , then you can become much more aggressive . focus on leveling turtle and tiger stance with at least one point in bear stance to discourage ganks or enemy aggression . prioritize a wriggle’s lantern , then phage is also really strong , giving you the ability to stick to opponents without having to bear stance . lane phoenix : this isn’t as common since it automatically pushes the lane every time the phoenix effect procs , making you more susceptible to getting ganked . if you want to play phoenix udyr than i’d suggest you jungle him as that is where he is most efficient . general jungle udyr : he can stay at high health thanks to his turtle stance shielding and healing him . his ganks are strong with bear stance giving a speed boost and stun on hit effect . don’t be afraid to initiate your ganks with a flash onto the enemy , this is particularly effective if the lane has the ability to chain hard cc to your stun . the most common item start is boots + 3 potions . udyr loves the movement speed for early ganks and it allows him to quickly run between camps . summoner spells : flash and smite for the jungle . he lacks any sort of gap closer besides the speed boost that bear stance gives , so oftentimes you will use flash to initiate a gank . smite is mandatory for controlling the jungle objectives ( buffs , dragon , and baron ) . tiger jungle : tiger jungle excels in doing massive damage to single targets which makes it better at controlling baron and dragon compared to phoenix . however , it lacks the ability to clear super quickly since it lacks the same amount of aoe damage . udyr has impressive damage with either stance , but tiger in particular can absolutely shred squishier targets . he also excels at pushing over towers thanks to the increased as . tiger udyr wants a wriggle’s lantern , unlike phoenix , to help increase his clear speed . he doesn’t really need the attack speed from wit’s end thanks to the persistent effect on the tiger stance . phoenix jungle : this is the most common form of jungle udyr . the aoe effect from phoenix allows you to quickly clear camps and farm the jungle very efficiently . phoenix benefits the most from attack speed so , unlike tiger udyr , it is common to skip the wriggle’s lantern and go straight for an attack speed increase such as wit’s end . wit’s end also helps fill udyr’s role as a bruiser making him tankier with more damage . i generally prioritize level 2 boots earlier than other jungles since phoenix udyr usually has no problem clearing the jungle but wants movement speed to make his ganks more effective . sources : a lot of udyr games and the udyr guides on solomid . net
it was most likely eaten by an enemy . you are going to need to buy another . the enemy that took it is probably the flower like creature that sticks its tongue out while it attacks , called a pikit . if you are playing the gameboy advance version , it could also be a like-like that took your shield .
open Control Panel , and there the Programs and Features find AMD Catalyst Install Manager . click on " change " . choose Uninstall Manager from the list . uncheck AMD Catalyst Control Center , and finish the uninstall process . you probably will not have to restart the computer , but do it , if required . here you can find a how-to describing a complete uninstall , which you might as well choose .
there are several ways to access the developer console , however most of these are no longer valid as of enemy within . one way you can still use the console , however , is through the keybind method . find the defaultinput file in the enemy within folder and add bindings under the [Engine.PlayerInput] heading . if there is not an [Engine.PlayerInput] heading , then make one . command bindings are written in the following manner : . binding ( name="&lt ; key > " , command="&lt ; command 1 > | &lt ; command2 > | &lt ; etc . > " ) it is suggested to that you add ALT so that you do not accidentally use the console when you do not want to . to do this , just add ALT=True to the binding . then , you can use your pre-specified console commands with their corresponding keybindings .
nothing . i have hired both of them before and made huge batches of beer .
this glitch is usually caused by a modded game client being used in your game that affects weapon stats : dmg , spread , bullets , etc . the problem is not ever really fixed even if the actual level goes back to normal . the damage and stats of death trap will be messed up permanently . i have actually been testing this myself trying to fix after it happened to me
i believe the " cursed tombs " are one of the maps you can buy from the map seller in the mapworks ( once you have beaten the game ) . here 's a screenshot : that said , you can definitely find borris the stout randomly in other locations . here 's another screenshot showing him in one of the act 1 levels ( the level in case you can not make it out is watchweald temple - floor 2 ) :
this does not really answer your problem , but i have had fsx running for a while now on windows 8 with everything working well , it has occasionally hiven me a fatal error , but only when i have pushed the settings too high ; ) make sure you have both sps installed they can be found here : sp1 and sp2 . there is also more info on them there and their bug fixes . also , try deleting the fsx registry key ( look this up first so you do not mess up your system ) . there is a key somewhere ( can not remember where , sorry ) that you can delete and it should fix the problem .
just like when they are purchased in-game for energy , the weapon upgrade , token upgrade , and heat amplifiers included in the starter pack are actual items that must be activated , consuming them , to take effect .
the requirement is in fact " real life midnight " , although lucky for you your xbox does not really know what time it is . to do so , the steps are : disconnect from xbox live and go to your system setting to manually adjust time . set it around 5-7 min before midnight . go to rally point alpha on requiem ( mission 2 ) . update : as slenderman points out , the fastest/most reliable way to " jump " is simply to go off the cliff right next to where the warthog spawns - unless of course you have got something against respawning . . . : ) . check your time by pressing the xbox button as you progress , to keep track . you need to hit that jump in air at exactly midnight to get the achievement . naturally this may prompt some trial and error , but its pretty easy to drive off a cliff - so hopefully you get it on the first try . if you want to go the conventional route , you can head for the big jump a little later in the level . this video shows all the details :
if you choose to kill her you gain a powerful staff and return as a hero and become king , if you wish to rule with her then you both go back and rule together ( you gain a destiny card for both of them but they are the same ) if you rule alone everyone will be happy and call you your grace of you rule together they will call you chancellor
meteors can fall naturally ( but fairly rarely ) in game , but can also be summoned by breaking shadow orbs . these orbs , which are purple looking and float around can be found at the bottom of chasms in areas of corruption , and can be broken with hammer type weapons , or dynamite . for more info , see this wiki page : shadow orb as for what can be made , this is from the wiki : http://terraria.gamepedia.com/meteorite_bar meteorite bars are made from six meteorite ores . meteor bars can be used to create the much coveted hamaxes , space guns , star cannons and phaseblades . they are also used for making meteor shot which is ammo like musket balls but stronger , and meteorite armor .
nephalem valor only functions for level 60s . you also must have been involved in the fight against the champion or elite to receive the buff , but you do not have to be present at the actual time of the kill .
please be aware that on any reasonable gige interface , the throughput difference between standard and jumbo frames is less than 10% , probably less than 5% . between any two gige-equipped macbooks , i can get ~945mbps of tcp throughput on standard sized frames . jumbo frames may push that to 980 or 990 , but that is not a huge improvement . if your transfer times are slow , the lack of jumbo frames is probably not your problem .
the steam forums have a few answers : renaming a steam-screenshot workaround via vlc both should work just fine but do take some effort ; ) the first option is to make a screenshot ingame , give the name of that screenshot to the screenshot you want to add and to copy the renamed screenshot over the steam-screenshot . the second option requires some more steps : download , install and add vlc to your steam library . run vlc from steam . select open file and select your image ( select any file is necessary ) . go into full screen modus ( double-click the screen ) . make a screenshot with steam .
there is a fishing hole directly in town . however , as loren pechtel mentions , you will most likely only get small fish there . since the dungeons themselves are randomized , you will have to take notes for yourself on which levels you found a fishing hole or merchant , i do not know for sure whether they will remain there throughout the entire game though .
you can not specify your opponent in a ranked game because that would allow people to ' cheat ' the ranking system by simply having your friend allow you to win again and again .
first ' room ' . which consists of two connected ' rooms ' . after you start walk down the ramp , turn right , and see the dividing part between the two rooms . the dividing part between them contains the tollbooth . you would think it is hard to miss , but i also moved past it the first time without seeing it . when you see it you will see it , it is rather obvious it even has a bar that is down so cars cannot pass without paying . to finish the challenge you do need to pay five credits . what you are looking for is in fact a normal tollbooth . it is what it says on the tin . this wikipage , has a picture .
from personal experience , the difficulty scales in a small way based on the number of players , but it is nothing compared to the benefit from having additional players . co-optimus ' faq for this game backs me up : do enemies scale based on the number of players ? there seems to be some limited scaling in the campaign . spartan-ops also appears to scale slightly based on the number of players . you will want to change the difficulty though for maximum effect . it is hard to quantify exactly how the difficulty scales , but the developers of halo : reach implemented this system : in reach , jarrard said , enemies will toughen if they face more players , exhibiting not just more damage resistance but getting smarter , more creatively using cover and generally being trickier foes . halo 4 re-uses parts of the reach engine so it is likely that this information still applies . i did not notice an extreme difference in damage resistance going from solo to co-op . it is also relatively hard to gauge the " intelligence " of the ai . they seemed to use cover , flanking , and dodge/teleport just fine in single player , especially on legendary . on the other hand , the benefits of co-op are many , and easy to determine . having multiple weapons , and giving the enemies multiple targets , for instance . another prime example of how much easier it is - as long as you do not turn the " iron " skull on , and as long as one player remains alive , others will respawn on them ( or nearby ) if they die . in single player , ( or in co-op with iron on ) you had have to go back to the last checkpoint and start again . this can make even difficult engagements fairly easy , as long as you play conservatively . ( i believe this is also why there is a separate achievement for solo'ing the campaign on legendary )
you are immediately supposed to know you are not playing as solid snake . the game takes place in 1964 ; metal gear takes place in 1995 and stars solid snake , who looks the same age as ( or younger than ) snake in mgs3 . if you have played mgs1 / mgs2 , you know solid snake is a clone of big boss . well , here 's a game where you play a character who looks exactly like solid snake , 30 years earlier , and has the codename " snake " . who could that be ? as someone paying attention to gaming news when mgs3 was being previewed , kojima was coy during interviews , but " everyone " knew that this game starred big boss before it came out .
starting a new campaign does not erase achievements , unlocked portraits , or decals . all it does is start the missions over , from the beginning , so you can , for instance , take the alternate routes on the 3 " choice " missions ( and see the after-mission movies , which you are not privy to when simply replaying the mission via the archive ) . it may also be the only way to lower your elapsed time for the " hurry up it is raid night " achievement . ( on account of being able to skip some missions )
a slight work around , that would probably be better as it will turn of mobs but keep health regen off , would be to run the game on a server . you would not need a spare computer as you can run it off the same pc as the game . all you need to do is change : spawn-monsters=true to : spawn-monsters=false in the server 's server . properties file . if you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access , although if you do this they will not be able to change map .
i am not exactly sure what you are counting as rewarding ( only tangible objects ? achievements ? gold ? ) , so i will try to cover everything . pretty much the best use for excess candy corn is to give it to the kids dressed up in costumes in lion 's arch . you can give increments of 10 ( 1 bag ) , 20 ( 3 bags ) , and 50 candy corn ( 8 bags ) in order to receive personalized trick or treat bags . personalized trick-or-treat bags have a higher chance to drop the rare salvage items that you need ( plastic fangs / nougat centers / chattering skulls ) . you need these in order to create the recipes for the gifts ( gift of spiders / gift of souls / gift of the moon ) that are required for the 3 craftable halloween weapons , arachnophobia , the crossing , and the mad moon . note that only the recipe to make the gifts requires candy corn , not the actual recipes for the gifts themselves . for example , you need 250 cc+100 nougat centers+40 bottles of elonian wine +10 piles of crystalline dust to create the artificer recipe for the gift of souls . however , the gift of souls itself is made up of non-halloween items ( gift of knowledge +250 orichalcum ingots +20 globs of ecto +100 crystal lodestones ) , which means that after you acquire the recipe , that is all you have to worry about in regards to time-sensitive halloween resources . i forgot that you do need to have 20 superior sigils of the night for crafting any single one of these weapons ( just not the gifts ) , so you would also have to have a store of 2,000 cc in order to craft one of these weapons after halloween . however , like many exotics , the requirements for these weapons are a bit steep in regards to both gold cost and/or time needed to spend farming for items , so you may wish to forego them and simply flip the rare items on the trading post . eating 150 pieces will also go towards netting you the october monthly achievement , which will net you 20 mystic coins and 10 jugs of liquid karma ( you will still have to fulfill the other requirements for the monthly ) . in addition , these bags will also count towards the number of trick-or-treat bags opened for the special event achievement " trick or treat bags opened " . and of course , you can also hang onto it and hope that after the event ends , the demand for candy corn ( and other halloween-related rewards ) will rise after the source of the supply has disappeared and try to flip it on the trading post for gold . the other rare skins available in this event only drop from black lion chests / mad king chests , so your candy corn will not increase your chance to get those . note that the prices for the gifts fluctuate . keep an eye out for the 10g mark , which is cheaper than the materials cost of the non-fluctuating vendor items ( 40x bottles of elonian wine ) required to craft the gifts , so it may be more worth your while to outright buy them if you want to eventually craft them .
you do not . pa does not offer much to a gank as a level one hero beyond a 1-second slow and autoattacks .
the definite answer is no . shields can only be acquired in specific ways . according to the clash of clans wiki of shields , these are the ways you can get shields : beginning the game . when you first begin playing clash of clans , you are given a 3-day shield . once the shield expires , you will have to manually purchase shields . be a victim of a successful raid . if your village is attacked by another user , you will gain one of 2 shields : if your village is raided with 40%-49% destruction percent , you will receive a 12-hour shield if your village is raided with a 90% or more destruction percent , you will receive a 16-hour shield purchase shields through the store . shields can be purchased through the store with gems . a 1-day shield costs 100 gems , and takes 5 days to cool down . a 2-day shield costs 150 gems , and takes 10 days to cool down . a week-long shield costs 250 gems , and takes 35 days to cool down . so , the most probable answer is that your village was unsuccessfully raided but with a 40-49% destruction percent . and in conclusion , shields cannot be activated automatically unless an event such as the ones mentioned above take place .
no , staves can be neither enchanted nor disenchanted . if you are on pc , you can use the creation kit to either create a new staff or customize an existing one ( unique staves are good candidates , as modifying them will not change the ones npcs will use against you ) . with dragonborn , you can craft staves , but they are the same staves you could find or buy elsewhere - you cannot create custom staves . at the moment , no mods appear to have been developed that add this functionality .
the adventure pouch can hold a maximum of eight items . you start out with four slots and acquire four more during gameplay and that is it . you can not get more . you will have to choose what you want or need the most to carry around with you at a particular time and juggle with your belongings at the item check . where to get the four extra slots : three of them can be bought at beedle 's air shop for 300 , 600 and 1200 rupees respectively . the other one is found in a goddess chest on the side of the lumpy pumpkin after activating the first goddess cube that gorko the goron points out .
using health potions is done by r key , worked for me no matter the combat status . plus the health potion capacity and health points are increases by overall kills ( you+partner ) . restoration potions ( potions around players waist ) can only be used to revive other player , done by space . after you have revived or been revived enough times the capacity of the bottle increases to maximum of 3 ( 11 revives needed ) .
yes . you can buy a playstation network card at a retailer ; these prepaid cards can be used in the psn store instead of credit cards . ( unlike the xbox cards , the value of psn cards is listed in your local currency , so it is easy to tell how much you are spending and how much games cost . as an example , here are $50 cards for sale . )
the bad weapon and hands full ( the debuff for wielding two weapons without the dual weilding skill ) do not affect any of your statistics , but instead cause a direct percentage loss to your damage output when using melee weapons . bad weapon reduces damage by 28% . hands full reduces damage by 36% . i am not sure how these stack ( whether it is a straight 64% drop , or compounded ~54% drop ) . see the bad weapon page on the wiki if you want confirmation .
the team fortress 2 beta game is where the devs test changes to the game prior to rolling them out officially . it is not intended to replace the " real " game for normal play ; the rules for acquiring items are very different , for example , to facilitate testing . more detailed information is available from the official wiki .
via shacknews " the digital release will come in addition to the boxed retail edition slated to hit stores . " http://www.shacknews.com/onearticle.x/62316 wikipedia translates that article 's snippet as : " the game will also be available for digital download from blizzard shortly after release , if not on the release date " blizzard already sells all of their titles digital download via their store : http://us.blizzard.com/store/ when sc2 is released it'll likely be available there . so : yes , on release date ? maybe . update : from official starcraft 2 website http://beta-us.battle.net/sc2/en/ digital copies go on sale 07/27/2010 10:00 am pdt
it is possible . if you use srcds to set up a dedicated server and note the lan ip of the computer hosting it , you can enable the developer console in-game ( under keyboard settings then advanced ) press the ~ key ( on foreign keyboards , it is usually whichever key is next to the 1 key ) to open it and enter the command connect &lt;LAN IP of server&gt; into it . you will then be dropped into the game . make sure to edit the key of the server so that random people do not start joining . consider setting it to lan-only . if you are using a non-qwerty keyboard , sometimes binding the developer console may not work . if so , you can edit the launch options and add --console . then , whenever you launch the game , you will have console open .
according to the level select/stats screen , there are 24 collectables total . you can also view the number of collectables in each chapter from the level-select screen , including how many you have ( or do not have ) . if you are missing a collectable for a level , it will be grayed out the specific levels they are in : blue wing ( 8 total ) : robot things air raising scheme stairway to fluffy is this the real life , is this just fan-tasy ? springing to new heights mind the gap end of the beginning blueprints : a fluffy journey of discovery around the world yellow wing ( 8 total ) : robot things ticket to ride it is slow throwing from here on out is it safe to ride ? the odds are stacked against you a boost of confidence catch and release the path to higher learning blueprints what goes around . . . red wing ( 6 total ) : robot things the safe-est way to travel going up ? a course of matter flipping out choose wisely blueprints nothin ' but vat there is also a robot-thing in the uber ids level and one in the research and development lab ( which requires anti-gravity and slow-time to get to ) .
currently , the achievements called " wings of liberty : hard " and " wings of liberty : brutal " simply count the number of missions you have completed at each difficulty and give you an achievement for every 5 missions you have completed . so , you get a level of the achievement at 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , and 25 missions completed . right now , they both give you the final tier of the achievement once you complete 25 missions at that difficulty level . your quote is indicating that they are adding a final level above the "25 missions " reward . you also have to gain the " liberty completionist hard " and " liberty completionist brutal " achievements ( which require you to have completed all 29 missions ) before you get the final tier of the " wings of liberty " achievement for that difficulty .
there is a few sitting outside of safeword ( the bdsm club you go to in one of the story missions ) , not sure if you need to do the mission before they spawn there , though .
yes , you do as those monsters are actually dying from cleave . to add to your question cleave exploding bodies count as as cleave itself . so this can trigger a domino affect as you kill 1 monster it explodes causing the one next to it to die , which explodes as well and so on , you would get life on death for each one of those kills .
it is almost impossible to predict when a hard drive will go bad . i have had desktop hard drives that went bad after 9 months . i have also had some that are still working after 10 years ( and i still have a tandy even with a working hard drive ! ) sometimes when a hard drive begins to fail it will perform very poorly and/or exhibit the " click of death . " when either of these things happen ( especially the click ) it is time to buy another one and stop using the hard drive until you are ready to back it up . note , the few hard drives i have had that failed , failed suddenly without any slow downs . they just one day did not work . other than that , to ensure a long hard drive life is not to bang it or other rough hard movements . also , store it somewhere between 70-100 degrees fahrenheit and run it in such a temperature range . also , make sure it is not in an overly dusty environment .
the effect did not have any cool down that i could notice and is definitely not one time only . it saved my hide multiple times in adjacent rooms ( i was careless ) .
add this entries to your config autoexec . cfg : dsp_enhance_stereo "1" dsp_slow_cpu "0" dsp_reload " dsp_enhance_stereo [ 0,1 ] - if set to 1 enhances the stereo effect , making sound richer and more atmospheric for a slight performance hit . " " dsp_slow_cpu [ 0,1 ] - if set to 1 , reduces the quality of dsp sound effects , improving performance on systems with slower cpus . "
they will prioritize any resource ( gold , elixir , dark elixir ) before going on the the town hall , then to the defenses .
the amount is unlimited . you can have level 15 warriors in the ancient era , in theory . you might have been confused by the fact that a unit with 30 xp or more cannot gain any xp from barbarians . . . but this is independent of era .
terraria . gamepedia . com has example arena structures for several bosses . the general idea is to make a screenwidth area with a completely flat floor and usually at least one platform to jump on , or a tower of equally spaced , long horizontal platforms for floating enemies like skeletron or the eye of cthulu to avoid their attacks better . material does not matter other than the floor should be solid and you should use wood platforms for the other sections so you can jump up/down at will . walls are rarely useful for arenas so leave them off unless there is some reason you need/want them . note that the wall of flesh will need a much much longer arena ( a straight platform really ) than other bosses . as far as decorations just use anything you want that is a background later item ( like beds , torches , anything the player walks over ) . if it does not obstruct your movement it does not get in the way .
ps3trophies . org seems to be maintaining a community sourced list , which currently contains over 200 titles , and lists other information that might be of importance . it can be found in a topic on their forums it believe that this is the most comprehensive list you can get .
you can sneak up and choke them . it is the rb on xbox ( holding x after choking will automatically pick up the body for you to hide it ) . it is non-lethal and will not increase the death count . however , if the unconscious body falls down stairs , off a high platform/balcony/etc . , into water , they can die and that will increase kill count . other enemies can also found the unconscious body and be alerted to your presence , so make sure to hide them after knocking em out . other than that , nothing to worry about .
you have to press start . not enough buttons . and no , you cannot remap this on a console .
the following recipes were accumulated from playthroughs , searching online , the pitopedeia - http://thepit.0xff.me/ , and the sots : the pit wikia - http://sword-of-the-stars-the-pit.wikia.com/wiki/sword_of_the_stars:_the_pit_wiki . via cooker / creation station / ez cooker ( only 3 slots for ingredients ) aggressive antibiotics * 2 = anti-bodies + moldy bread amino goop = pineal gland + pineal gland + exotic proteins + mutagens anti-venom * 3 = poison gland + serum bacon and eggs = star-bacon + egg baked avian = scent gland + avian carcass base paste = fat strips + fat strips + bone slivers berserker serum = adrenal sack + serum + pineal gland + giant mitochondria bird of feasting = avian carcass + ancient herbs + edible roots + apples + morrigi flavor oils blandwich = moldy bread + raw meat + rotten cheese brain soup = pineal gland + pineal gland + hiver brain crystal + exotic proteins + giant mitochondria bugboy = kirt'ch grubs + kutar oatmix burnt ribs = ribs chocolate fondue = chocolate eggs + chocolate eggs + bone slivers + tarka warbread + morrigi flavor oils cooked meat = raw meat counter poison = serum + shrooms + fungal shards + fungal shards damper patch = giant mitochondria + scent gland dembo jam = laybliss berries + laybliss berries + laybliss berries + laybliss berries dermal enzymes = scale cells + mutagens + exotic proteins dried fruit = laybliss berries + apples + bh'azhnazh fruit energy drink = exotic protein + giant mitochondria + primordial soup epic bacon sotswich = hero sotswich + star-bacon + star-bacon + star-bacon + star-bacon faux roast = fungal meat + fungal meat + fungal meat + bindings + bindings fondue = bone slivers + safe cheese + safe cheese + stale bread fortifying sandwich = safe cheese + safe meat + stale bread grilled cheese = stale bread + safe cheese healing salve = ancient herbs + edible roots hero sotswich = cooked meat + hiver cheese + tarka warbread hoolari soup * 3 = hoolari gourd + morrigi flavor oils hum gum * 3 = exotic proteins + sonic nodule maybe back ribs = starbeque sauce + scent gland + ribs + ribs mitochondrial stimulator = serum + giant mitochondria + chemo slugs + omni gland omelette = safe cheese + egg + egg pheromone bait = disease extract + scent gland pit stew = tainted meat + ancient herbs + edible roots + tainted meat + fat strips protein shake = egg + primordial soup + raw meat + exotic proteins pungent meat = raw meat + scent gland rib sandwich = bread + burnt ribs roast beast = bindings + bindings + raw meat + raw meat + raw meat sammich = bread + raw meat sammich * 5 = bread + baked avian seafood platter = ku 'sulto lobstercake + soylent vines + wuuna sea cucumber sotswich = cooked meat + tarka warbread star fondue = chozanti brie + safe cheese + tarka warbread + bone slivers + morrigi flavor oils starbeque sauce = nova fruit + morrigi flavor oils + ancient herbs + primordial soup steak n shrooms = raw meat + shrooms + shrooms steroidal enhancers = exotic proteins + mutagens + scent gland + vitamins steroidal venom = adrenal sack + serum + poison gland + scale cells + chemo slugs stinkwich = moldy bread + pungent meat + chozanti brie stuffed mushrooms = stale bread + shrooms + shrooms trail mix = dried fruit + melosian chocolate + hofnuts turkey lasagna = leftovers + leftovers + hiver cheese unspeakable hoagie = tarka warbread + fungal meat + chozanti brie via purifier burnt ribs = ribs medicinal nuts = hofnuts safe cheese = rotten cheese safe meat = raw meat safe meat = tainted meat stale bread = moldy bread star-bacon = fat strips
as the squad leader , you can set objectives by sighting in a target and pressing the ' back ' button ( left of the guide button ) . ( you receive additional points when those orders are executed . ) the easiest example would be in a game of conquest . point yourself at a capture point on hit the select button . ( xbox ) you can also set waypoints , and at some point the squad leader can call in artillery strikes . i am sure there are additional commands , and other methods based on the platform that you are playing on .
the way you have described the problem , the best bet is that it is continually switching between standing and prone . my first guess was that you actually have two cats on the same tile , one beneath the other , but then you had get the spinning green line as it switched from one to the other . so that is not it . as for why it is continually falling over , i am not sure we have enough information . cats do not eat or drink , so it is not collapsing in hunger or thirst . extreme pain or missing limbs would appear in the v iew unit -> w ounds menu . they probably will not appear in the v iew unit -> z tatus screen , because animals do not produce diagnosis tasks when they are wounded .
kill streak is how many kills you get without receiving damage . multi-kills is killing 2 or more enemies in a very short amount of time .
if you go to your profile ( not your stats pages , but your user profile ) , the second " section " down will show your last 16 battle reports , i have not been able to find a way to see older reports . your profile is http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf3/user/&lt;soldier_name&gt;/
sockets are available at level 15 , at that time i always end up getting a helm and socketing it for + % experience . what i always ended up doing when leveling , like my level 40 hardcore monk , is every 5-10 levels i will check the auction house to see if there is better exp gear available . i would always try to find exp rings and amulets that still had at least one good stat other than exp . the best form of exp is having the best weapon available ( what is the point of having a +10 exp with a 15 dps weapon when you can have a 45 dps weapon and kill things 300% faster ) . if you check every 5 to 10 levels you should notice a good jump in the + exp for each item and they should be relatively cheap . part of it also matters on how you level . are you way ahead of the game for your level and fighting creatures that are +5 your level , and what you kill gives more experience and takes you a little longer to kill each mob , or are you a little behind for your level ( as i am since i am hardcore ) where the + exp means more both because i kill things faster and they give me less experience . obviously , the + exp equipment is worth keeping if you are a little behind . in short : with my level 40 hardcore monk : i am still holding on to some of my exp gear , but i always find the best one-handed weapon and shield . my + exp rings , amulet and other gear typically have one good important stat that helps ( vitality or dexterity or resistance ) . every little chunk helps , if you kill a monster that is a little below your level and only receive 50 exp for it , the +52 exp as you mentioned makes a major difference ( over 100% more experience ) . even if you got 300 exp per kill that will make it 352 exp ( 17% increase ) which in theory means you will level 17% faster . : )
progress wars stores several cookies in your browser which it attempts to retrieve at each session to figure out your progress in the game so far . among these cookies are the cookies that allow the game to retrieve your level and progress each time you open the game site . if you cleared your browser 's data recently , you will have gotten rid of the cookies . also , your browser might be configured to delete cookies automatically when your session ends ; check your preferences . edit : recovering your progress : if your browser supports editing of cookies or if there exists an add-on which allows you to edit your browser 's cookies , you can " recover " your progress , although it can be considered cheating . on firefox : install this add-on or something similar tools > cookie editor find the cookie listed for progresswars . com called level . change the value to one below the level you were at when your progress was lost . refresh and click the progress button . you will be progressed to the next level and it'll be as though you reached the level through amazing dedication to progression . on chrome : tools > preferences > under the hood > content settings > cookies > show cookies and other site data same process as with firefox from here on in .
i bit the bullet and camped the blade of the poisoned mind spawn point . since there is only one data point , it is not a conclusive answer , but suffice it to say that the respawn time is looooooong . my camping journal : began camping immediately after tuesday maintenance ended , starting at 11 am gmt-7 . camped continuously until the servers restarted wednesday morning at 5 am gmt-7 . this may have reset the re-spawn timer . restarted camping at 6:20 am gmt-7 until ~2:45 am thursday , when it finally spawned . so , given this , the respawn period is at least 20 hours ( if the server restart reset the timer ) or 35 hours ( if it did not ) .
in the early game , shooting down ufos is going to be your only real source for these materials , so you are extremely limited to the amount of elerium and alloy you are able to acquire . as you progress into the later game , the more advanced aliens , namely heavy floaters , cyber disks , and sectopods , start to " drop " these items ( or are built out of them ) . in short , the only way to acquire these materials is to go on missions . shooting down a ufo ( or better yet , invading a landed ufo ) is the surest way to get these rarities .
actions that increase your security status would be killing npc pirates in missions or asteroid belts . a decrease in security rating is given to those that attack people without wardecs in high security space or low security space . no penalty is given in nullsec . you cannot increase the rating itself by skills , but the skill " fast talk " in " social " nets you 5% bonus per level to effective security rating increase , which means you get up to 25% more each time you are awarded an increase . a low security rating will award you with being hunted down by the navy of the system and your ship getting killed . an overview when this will happen : source you are not attacked by concord though , which would render you unable to do anything in highsec . also , other players are allowed to attack you since you are a criminal so never afk travel when you have a low security rating .
as said , the first and the second weapon are one bundle , and the third and fourth weapons are another bundle . you will start with the bundle where your current equipped weapon is in . when you have equipped your third weapon , the second bundle will be equipped . example : weapon : shotgun weapon : pistol weapon : sniper rifle weapon : rocket launcher you have got equipped your rocket launcher and activate gunzerking you will take your sniper rifle and you will have your sniper rifle and your rocket launcher equipped . if you’ve got equipped your shotgun , you’ll take the pistol as second weapon . you can change your weapon bundle like you change the weapons without gunzerking , as far as i know it’s impossible to just change just one weapon when you have all the 4 weapons slots equipped . using the pc version at least , you can press two number keys , like 1 then 3 , you will equip the first gun in your left hand and the second in your right hand ( so right : shotgun , left : sniper , in this case ) . i do not know if there is a way to do this on console , though . edit 2: found some interesting facts on the gearboxsoftware forum : from top to bottom in your inventory , weapons 1 and 2 gunzerk with each other , and weapons 3 and 4 . if you only have 3 weapons , then the weapon you are holding will stay on the right , equipping the weapon 2 if you are using weapon 1 , vice versa , and weapon 1 if you are using weapon 3 . switching weapon will switch your right weapon , but your left weapon will not switch .
if you remove a friend you will also be removed from their list : steam friend removal discussion you can block someone and you will then appear ' offline ' to them at all times ( they then cannot post on your profile either )
you can bind your abilities to your hotkeys ( the number keys 0-9 by default , though this can be changed ) . to bind detonate traps to a hotkey , bring up your abilities , click hero , hover over detonate traps and hold down the hotkey you want to bind it to .
the secret 17th achievement is Temple Monkey: temple monkey : unlock the secret of the temple monkey ! the secret is . . . ( mouse over to see - you may want to try to get it yourself before reading any further ) get 40 towers and 30,000 bananas on the temple monkey level ( the last level ) . it will ask if you want to upgrade the temple monkey ; click yes . doing this will sacrifice the first 40 towers you built , including banana farms . the temple monkey shoots two attacks which look like the plasma super-monkey 's , except that its attack pops anything in one hit , including mfbs or dirty bloons ------------------------------ best way to get this achievement you do not have to beat the level , just get the temple monkey , so the easiest way is to start out with a few ( four ) overpowered boomerang-monkeys , and get an upgraded banana farm . then just to spam cheap dart monkeys and banana farms until you have enough towers and can afford the temple monkey . this is almost trivial if you have the exploding dart upgrade , as it makes the non-upgraded dart monkey the best tower in the game for its price . you can literally beat an entire level on hard with nothing but exploding-dart monkeys and banana farms .
nope . just more gold , and the satisfaction that you serve sithis and the night mother .
in ufo defence - unlike in eu2012 - corpses are never needed for secondary r and d once they have been autopsied . you can freely sell all but one corpse ( or , if you have already autopsied one , all of them ) . indeed , this is a major source of income earlier on , although selling unwanted ufo components and weapons generally outstrips it by the end of the first year . live aliens are a different story , since you can only interrogate each one once , but interrogating multiple live aliens of the same species and rank can give you new research each time - for example , interrogating a medic will get you information about other alien species , and an engineer will get you ufo data .
sorry to tell you , but you can not . you need to use another nintendo ds ( or dsi , 3ds , anything ) . the guy at the transfer lab even tells you that you need another one .
after much testing i narrowed this down to a firewall problem . when i run ufw ( the vanilla linux firewall ) , it was a regular occurence , now , not any more . it is not so good running without a firewall , but my start up minecraft bash script stops it for me , and i just have to remember to turn it back on again afterwards : ( why the firewall deleted worlds for me , i do not know . i suspect it is related to the randomly moving spawn point bug , which notch claims is fixed , but i do not want to risk losing my 5 month old world just to test it .
no , you can not combine the poison with stuff at the moment , but it might be a planned feature . but you can create a splash potion out of your poison potion . because you can throw a splash potion it can be used against other entities . just beware , skeletons and zombies do not take damage from them . to kill these you need a splash health potion . source
the explosive barrels and mines count as traps , and those appear to be the only ones that can be reset consistently . some of the others are story related and you have to reload to the point before them . the reset for explosive items can be triggered by having a zone reload . you can accomplish this by going to a save point , changing and outfit , and exiting out . with the explosive things , you sometimes have to have the enemy hurt prior to killing them with the item . i actually went the route of reloading the area with the boulder and found that to be quicker and more reliable way to get the achievement .
this question is fairly broad . home security is going to need several different pieces to deal with the different behaviors of the different mobs . additionally , if you care about the defenses " fitting in " to the overall look of your home/biome , then some solutions may not be acceptable . furthermore , some biomes can have more options , for example deserts can take advantage of the sand and it is obeying gravity . despite those , here are some suggestions . general guidelines the best way to prevent spawning monsters is to light the place up . the light level of the spawning block must be 7 or darker another good way to prevent monsters from coming close is to put a fence around your land . spiders can climb fences and endermen have a chance of teleporting , but other mobs will be stuck . however , skeletons can shoot over the fence . yet another option would be to build upward . make your main level a couple blocks above the ground and bring the outer walls down . this way mobs are stuck below your door without falling into anything . alternatively , you can just dig a trench that enemies cannot jump out of . or even make one deep enough that the fall damage kills the enemies . the damage formula is (# blocks) - 3 = damage additionally , redstone can make for some creative solutions to protecting your home . with the addition of the daylight sensor you can even have defenses only active at night . spiders can climb walls , so we need to figure out how to stop that . spiders cannot climb over signs . you could also include a lip or ladder at the top of the wall . since spiders are 2 wide and 2 long , planting cactus around your house will damage spiders as well , though i believe you need to add extra to the top if you want to fully kill it before it crosses the top . skeletons shoot arrows . sugar cane used to be able to block projectiles , but that has been patched . you can use glass in your windows to avoid taking damage inside your house . to avoid them reaching your house , you can use a ditch or moat similar to zombie/creeper defenses . endermen hate water ( and lava ) , though they are normally neutral . if you can cover spaces around your house with water , that can help prevent them from teleporting near . they also require and area 3 blocks tall , so having a roof can prevent their teleporting/spawning . creepers hate cats , cannot destroy obsidian , and do not damage blocks when in water . witches are kind of like smarter zombies . when damaged , they try to heal . when under water , they drink potion of water-breathing . when on fire , they drink potion of fire resistance . they also use splash potions as weapons , making them ranged enemies . best option here is probably to just use a ditch and get them stuck . zombies come in many shapes and sizes . some can even fit through a 1 block hole . to defend against them , you can have a moat of that directs them away from your door , have a moat of lava that kills them , or have a pit that traps them . slime is unlikely to be bothering you , but if you have some problems with them they can mostly be dealt with similar to zombies .
you could try using the no head bob mod .
it does not improve speed , as far as i have tested . it increases the amount of minerals you can get from one field .
obviously the first thing you want to do is memorize the song . you will want to know when to expect the fast parts and whatnot to keep it as smooth as possible . to strum the harp , you are turning the wiimote left and right more than you are waving your arm left and right . so if it is pointed to the left , it will be playing at the lower strings . pointed to the right it would be playing the higher strings . when you are strumming the harp with kina , you want to be going at a speed where you play every note decently spaced out for each time they wave . if you were to look at their waves and your strums position over time , it should look like this : when the fast parts come up , it is a lot more lenient . you do not necessarily have to be evenly spaced out like the normal parts , you just want to finish before the next wave comes . the freestyle part , i think anything goes . i always played through them just random stuff . if you still need more pointers , i recorded myself playing through it .
it is difficult ! generally your best best is to plant something behind the cob cannons that will kill the imps quickly , e.g. a gattling pea or melon-pult . unfortunately from recollection they will still manage to take one bite . over a long game you will lose your cob cannon and have to start from scratch . your solution of cattails is a good one to have in addition to the above . actually if you are on a pool level you should plant your first cob cannons on the pool lanes , as those are not attacked by gargantuars . insta-kills such as the cherrybomb , squash , jalapeno or cob cannon itself work , though the first two require an open square next to the imp which is unlikely . the cob cannon also takes a few second to fire so you would need to be very quick . and do not forget you can use insta-kills on the gargantuars themselves before they throw the imp in the first place !
by default , most games do not have controller support . some of them do , especially newer ones . as time goes on more and more pc games are coming stock with controller support . a majority of them implement it very poorly , while very few actually have good ( and customizable ) controller support . i recommend using a third party solution globally regardless of what game you play ( whether it has support or not ) for one very important reason . the solution i will present to you , gives you 100% customization options , full support for all games , and comes pre-stocked with different " profiles " you can find to fill out controller controls per game . most are done by other gamers who have built them on their own while playing the game , and they get community ratings and supports so you can find out which ones are widely used , and liked . the app i recommend can be found here : http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/ it does cost money , but it is the best on the market . i have used controller support apps before that were free , and they never had the same level of customization , or power . they also do not feature the nicely built profile system to easily get new profiles instead of having to build the profile controls yourself . i personally stopped using the controller for most games on pc ( even though i use an alienware laptop ) . i started realizing that with a little bit of getting use to , most of the time the keyboard/mouse combo works the best , as that was how they were originally designed . although some games ( sleeping dogs for example ) have horrible pc/moues controls . most do the control schema very well . good luck , and let me know if you need more advice ! edit : below are a few profile links for some of the games you mentioned , and some other telltale games . http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/rogue-legacy http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/dont-starve
although this is somewhat subjective , i will make a list of things that i like more on sc2 than on sc1 . ( warning , spoilers might be found here ! ) : atmosphere - i feel a lot more drawn into the game , all those references to the original story are also very cool + the large amount of ingame cutscenes and even mini-movies are awesome ( the one with zeratul and kerrigan is my fav so far ) micromanagement of units - far better . great management of groups , no limit of units per group ( as far as i know ) . the ability to schedule commands is the best improvement in the game regarding control of units . a base can be build in a few clicks and you can focus on the fight nearby without interrupting to get back to the base and build the next building . upgrades - clever design of upgrades , often you have to choose which one you want because you cant have all . in most games , when you are rich you simply buy everything and thats it . not possible here ( talking about the campaign ) . better feel of the races - even more different units and structures than in sc1 saving - automatic saves at key points of the mission are handy . not sure if this was in sc1 too but i think it was not . single player - playing against a computer is now much better customized so choosing easy gives you really and easy game . this was not the case in sc1 where even the easiest oponent was tough for newbies . this was sometimes really frustrating . i think thats it , there are more things which i think are better , but they are really too subjective .
not yet , but blizzard will be adding a diablo3 web api ' soon ' http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804
i have always set this option with my video card settings . . . i know for sure nvidia does this . not 100% sure ati does , but i find it hard to believe they do not . may need to update your video card drivers , but it is well worth it to me .
no ; batman gets all his additional gear flown in .
not heavy explosives , no . the floor of ufos ( including the outside roof , which counts as a floor , as far as the game is concerned ) are definitely destructible , but are quite durable . the internal floors / walls are slightly less durable . as you have seen yourself , shooting down a ufo causes one ( or more ) of their engines to explode , which has a chance to destroy the roof . unfortunately , terrain destruction requires a certain threshold of damage to trigger , and the only item in x-com 's arsenal strong enough to breach the hull of a ufo is the blaster launcher . it is worth noting that explosives always do a fixed amount of damage to terrain , so if one he explosive did not blow it up ( and/or change the tile to an alternate , " damaged " tile ) , the second one will not either . terrain can not take partial damage , so you can not detonate several he is over a couple of turns to get around this , either . finally , explosives in cannot stack . it is not viable , for instance , to throw 3 he onto the same tile to increase the damage dealt ; the terrain will only take damage from the first . this page in the ufopaedia has more .
the code for your preset is as follows : 2; 7, 63x42; 2 2; to dictate the current preset parser . 7, for a layer of bedrock 63x42; for 63 layers of iron blocks 2 for a desert biome for no rain . other biome ids can be found here source
you can have as many mutators active as you collect , in a normal mode , or select and collect , in a custom mode . however , be careful about selecting multiple mutators in custom mode , as character model mutators have a habit of conflicting with each other and making the custom game unplayable with that character . regarding ' r ' mutators , unfortunately , there is currently no way to disable and enable specific ability mutators , causing all active mutators to trigger when you press r . for instance , if you have jetpack , devil , and pitcher mutators , when you press r , your demon powers and jetpack will toggle on , and a ball will be thrown .
you are able to assign a certain barracks ( or other unit producing structure ) as the primary structure by double-clicking it ( i believe - this is how it was in c and cra2 , at least ) . barracks units will come from that barracks only unless your production speed is so fast that the animation of the unit walking out of the barracks and into position is longer than your production time ( in which case they come out of the closest barracks to the primary , iirc ) .
there is no trick , it is just a normal battle . remember that you can select the other members of your party to give them orders , including telling them to drink potions . i had my tank hold the ogre , while my other two characters quickly dispatched the adds . then i could focus everyone on the ogre . i did end up drinking all 5 of the potions i was holding , but everyone came out alive . keep in mind that on normal level ( which the demo is locked to ) there is no friendly fire , so if you have a mage with fireball , you can toss it right into the middle of the fight and it will not hurt your characters .
i did not buy it yet , but it should be the same as with all the other dlc packs . when you get to the lobby screen that is present on both single and multi player , click on your character , which should bring up this screen : use the tiny arrows to cycle through your available characters . you will spawn ( and respawn , in multi player mode ) with the items the character is holding ; however , if you are playing a save in progress , you will retain the weapon and staff you had last .
as of now , deathwing is flying around the world , killing unsuspecting ( or very saavy and suspecting ) afk players to award them with the stood in the fire achievement . similar to the lich king in wrath and illidan in tbc , he is intended to be the ultimate villain of this expansion , and players can expect a final confrontation with him in a raid released in whatever the final content patch of this expansion cycle will be . given past trends , that'll probably be a patch 4.3 or patch 4.4 . between now and then , there is the twilights hammer , an old god , deathwings kids , and a whole lot of angry elementals to deal with , not to mention possibly some other big baddies we have not seen too much of yet this expansion like azshara perhaps .
get wine . wine allows you to run . exe files and consequently lets you run window applications on linux . while it is not guaranteed to work for ra2 , it is very unlikely that you had be able to get it to run on linux using any thing if you can not get it to work with wine . on the appdb page , it is reported to have silver/gold status , which means , it will most probably run fairly well , if not flawlessly . check out the comments in each .
right now , the single best way to take merasmus down is as a huntsman sniper . while the relatively measly 16 arrows will have you hunting for ammo quite quickly ( nothing a dispenser can not fix , mind you ) , you can charge your headshots quickly and deal more than a thousand damage every two seconds from any safe range . you will not additionally be causing explosive splash damage on " enemy teammates " who do not know better and are too close to merasmus . as for prop hunting , here is a possibly inexaustive list of places to check : ( overhead image taken from tf2portal . de )
if you go into the games upgrade section . towards the bottom of the list you will find score multiplier . you have to spend coins to upgrade it . but i believe that is the solution . . . . just checked , it is under ability 's and should be the last one on the bottom . ( also , if it is not there make sure you have updated the app . )
i was able to get this in a single player spec ops game by doing the following : take the self-revive at the start of the level call in a care package , which will be a sentry gun ( you can not decide what the package will contain , unlike in co-op ) call in another care package , which will be an arsenal ( ie , an xm-25+claymores ) there is no need to call in another package . i did call a third one in , which was a sentry gun again , but i did not pick it up . this did not seem to disqualify me . i assume if i would already used my self revive by this point , i would end up getting another . i will also add that i ended up using my self-revive , but never called in another . judging by the comments , this seems to be important . i also did not have to fire the xm-25 or set any of the claymores from the arsenal package .
i use pits . dig a pit at least 2 deep and preferably not higher than 3 deep so you will not take damage jumping in , then , place a single ladder along the side on the bottom row ( middle if you made it 3 deep ) . with a combination of w and jumping , you should be able to get out easily , while leaving your animals trapped . it is very easy to get them in , too . just lead them up with some carrots and stand next to the edge . they should follow you to the edge , and you can easily push them in .
as jupotter notes , a constructed wall or floor will do the trick . if you are in a hurry , and happen to have some spare doors or hatch covers lying nearby , you may want to build one of those first and forbid it once it is done &mdash ; i believe building a door or hatch is faster than building a construction . however , you should generally not rely on doors and hatches alone to seal off passages unless you like living dangerously , since many tougher enemies , including forgotten beasts , can destroy them . however , there are two notable exceptions to that , one of which may be relevant here : building destroyers can not destroy artifact doors or hatches , and , for some reason ( which might constitute a bug ) they can not destroy hatches from below .
pistons also have a . 5 tick on the end . the game gives off-tick checks to increase speed , to there are 2 game-ticks in every redstone tick . therefor 8 game-ticks , or 4 redstone ticks .
yes and no . you can not get off a taxi while it is traveling between flight nodes . this is very much by design as the taxi can not be used as a substitute for a flying mount . however , if your destination travels through another flight path node ( as indicated on the taxi map as a " flying boot " that intersects the line between you and your destination ) than you can choose to instead land at that node ( that is , get off at the " next stop" ) . to do this , simply log out of the game while in transit . when you log back in , you will still be on your taxi but it will land at the next flight node instead of your destination . note : using this method , you will only be billed for the flight nodes that you reached - saving you some gold .
wood is one of the few solid blocks in the game that cannot be destroyed with a pickaxe ( or drill , later in the game ) . you have to use an axe or a chainsaw ( or a combination tool that incorporates either ) , just like you would for chopping down a tree . you should have spawned with a copper axe .
there is currently no known rate , and the exact rate will be unknown until the people who are currently working their way through the games code find it . reset bags are fairly uncommon however , if you assume that there is an equal rate of obtaining a bag : 6*3 ( stats bags ) + 8 special bags = 26 bag types that is a 3.4% chance . source : http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/super_training
obviously all of these are going to be put in spoilers . . . bubble gun take a bottle of jellyfish juice back to mimiga village and use it on the fire in king 's house . you will reveal the bubble gun . fireball get from santa after rescuing him machine gun trade the polar star to curly . locks out the snake and the spur . king 's sword i think you can actually miss this if you do not talk to king after your battle with mutated torako . snake trade the fireball and polar star to the bug mechanic in the catacombs . locks out the spur . spur with the booster 2.0 and the polar star , return to the cave you start in at the beginning after fighting the island core for the first time and returning to the deserted mimiga village . once you reach the gunsmith who you got the polar star from and give it back , he will transform the polar star into the spur . nemesis find the tiny man in the mimiga village graveyard ( should be near the knife-weilding enemy ) after talking to his family underneath the outside side of the island ( just to the right of dragon egg 00 in the egg corridor ) . take him back to his family , then talk to him . he will offer to trade you the nemesis for king 's sword .
so after taking a few days for some testing , yes , flowers do heal fully if you water them , and it only takes one day for them to heal . if you trample something and do not water it , it'll just wilt ( become brown ) and then die easily to another trample/plucking . i bought some flowers ( sun cosmos and white cosmos ) from the garden shop so i knew that they were brand new and untrampled . i planted them both and ran over the white cosmos once and the sun cosmos twice . i watered the sun cosmos and did not water the white cosmos . the next day , the white cosmos ( unwatered ) was brown , so just one more trample/plucking would have killed it even though i originally trampled it once . i watered it and left it alone . the sun cosmos appeared to be fine , and i was able to run over it twice again . the third day , the white cosmos was back to full color again . i again ran over it twice without it dying . the sun cosmos was able to take another two tramples as well . i was originally going to not water the white cosmos again , but it rained , so they were both watered . the fourth day , today , i was able to run over both the white and sun cosmos twice . based on the fact that i was able to trample each flower twice after watering rather than just once , i am forced to conclude that flowers fully regain their hp when you water them rather than just regaining a single hp each day . otherwise , they would've died when i trampled them twice again each day afterwards .
enemy levels determine the target time for a battle , and consequently , these post-battle stats : points per second score stars tp recovery item and shroud drop chance based on the game mechanics guide on gamefaqs : target time given : target time t hp at start of battle h enemy level l highest party member attack power ap atb level a thus :  T = (H * L / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  if enemy level l is less than or equal to 50 , otherwise :  T = (H * 50 / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  points per second given : points per second p target time t thus :  P = 10,000 / T  score given : score s points per second p target time t battle duration d thus :  S = (T - D) * P + 10,000  stars , tp recovery , rare drop chance , shroud drop chance
the answer here is that it depends on the profession . leatherworking specialties , for instance , are 100% completely useless . engineering specializations , by contrast , have a significant impact on the cost of levelling from 425 to 435 , provide access to some of the coolest and most sought after vanity items in the game , and in cataclysm , determine which of 2 new boe pets you can make and often sell for absurd profits . alchemy specializations meanwhile , result in an average of 20% more yield from all specialized recipes - hugely relevant , and really the only way to turn alchemy into a substantial moneymaker . as for blacksmithing specifically ? there are no new patterns linked to specialization in cataclysm . unless you are interested in some of the old vanilla or bc era bs items for vanity purposes , you can safely ignore specialization . i seem to recall a few mid 70 's blue items linked to specs as well , introduced in wrath , but they are not efficient skillups . tl ; dr : they are irrelevant for all except alchemy and engineering , where they provide significant moneymaking opportunities .
yes , this is where the simcity 4 save games are kept . to be on the safe side , i would copy the whole simcity4 directory from your documents folder . i believe they are organized by region , and then within the region the individual saved cities are located . this about . com article mentions backing up this folder in order to back up your simcity 4 saves , and i remember copying this folder before when i played simcity 4 .
you need 1 ship , light or heavy , per colonial province that you own . the location of the ships is irrelevant , you can have all your ships in a big fleet in port and you will still get no penalty . colonial nations like spanish brazil handle their own fleet and are not part of the colonies you need to produce fleets for . you can check how many ships you have and need on the economy screen , under tariffs .
bissau , cape verde giant appetites – 3,400r meet the tributes ii – 3,400r cape town , south africa table bay’s luck – 5,000r new economic hub – 5,200r london , north west europe a new cathedral – 3,800r the poet – 3,500r the great plague – 3,500r galway , north west europe a long voyage – 3,200r gibraltar , mediterranean sea great reputation i – 3,200r being mad – 3,200r barcelona , mediterranean sea great reputation ii – 3,700r the catalans – 3,800r the smokers – 3,700r marseille , mediterranean sea great reputation iii – 5,200r a new medicine – 5,200r ref : http://www.tradeindetectives.com/blog/how-to-earn-the-most-money-in-kenways-fleet/
according to their website , you can do this : if you have a false positive that has been quarantined by vipre please do the following . open vipre , click on the manage tab at the top . click view quarantine . select the detected false positive click the restore from quarantine button in the windows that pops up , check both the boxes to add to the always allowed list and to submit to sunbelt for analysis good luck !
i believe imperial marches is similar to panna city medicines for the christmas event and you will unlock it after you accumulate enough medals from building the new imperial items on the imperial floors . if my memory serves me right ( please feel free to correct me if i am wrong ) , these are the rewards i have unlocked for accumulating service medals : 100 medals - costume ( rebel pilot for me , not sure if it is the same for all ) 250 medals - vip ( level upgrader ) 500 medals - vip ( recruiting agent ) 975 medals - bux ( 10 if i noticed the increase to my total correctly ) 1200 medals - 3 droids : r2-q5 , r4-19 , and r5-j2 1725 medals - imperial marches that is all .
while the m stores should seemingly have a copy , i ended up finding a copy in the poppo store in chapter 12 . still nothing in the m store . i picked up 5 ( the total number i had room for ) , just in case , but thankfully these are not used up when you purchase a special menu item . looking further online i did find a thread that later on said you could find them in poppo marts as well , but the first half-ish was solely talking about m stores having them . since i rarely had to purchase healing items in my normal playthrough , i am sure i stopped in there once when i first arrived and then never went back . if i pick up yakuza 1 and 2 and decide to replay the story in this one from start to finish i will be sure to see if a copy ever shows up in the m stores .
the step-by-step guide to turning pig-tails into useable cloth is as follows : grow pig-tails , or order your herbalists to scrounge the caverns for ' naturally grown ' pig-tails . at a farmer 's workshop ( b - w - w ) , order a dwarf to p rocess plants , turning the raw plant into usable plant threads . this task requires the " thresher " labor at a loom ( b - w - o ) , order a dwarf to w eave cloth ( plant thread ) . this task requires the " weaving " labor . at a clothier 's workshop ( b - w - k ) , finally you can order a dwarf ( with the clothesmaking labor ) to make cloth bags . ( select cloth , rather than silk or yarn , and then select bag , which is either ' n ' or ' b' ) .
antimatter is the t1 ammunition that does the highest damage , though with a -50% optimal range penalty . void is t2 ammunition , so you need to be able to use t2 blasters to use it . it does more damage than cn antimatter under ideal conditions , but it also uses 25% more capacitor , has -25% optimal range and -50% falloff , and a -25% tracking penalty . the damage difference is also not that high , it is about 11-12% . while this is certainly significant , it is offset by the tracking penalty in particular which can easily make the applied dps much lower under real conditions . here is a damage graph for a merlin shooting another frigate with neutron blasters while they are not moving at all : void does more damage up close , put even here you can already see that you pay for that with less flexibility in range . but this example is rather unrealistic , in most cases the frigates would be orbiting each other . and at orbit speeds of around 500 m/s for my example merlin void loses the advantage completely . void also has a much lower distance range where it deals high damage , so you have to be more careful about setting your distance to the target : but what happens when i shoot at something larger like a battlecruiser and not another frigate ? here 's the graph for that : void clearly is better in this case , the large signature radius of a battlecruiser eliminates the tracking penalty . in short , while void is not a bad choice by any means , cn antimatter has fewer drawbacks , does similar damage or even more in many real situations and is generally more flexible . void is still the best choice if you are shooting at a ship a class larger than your own , or if you know that tracking is likely not going to matter . personally i usually take some void with me in addition to cn antimatter and null ( must have ammunition ) .
with regards to knives in cs:go , you inflict the same damage to an opponent with a knife to the head as with a knife to a leg . the extra damage element is caused by knifing from the front/side or the back . this weapon chart shows the knife damage of the primary and secondary attack , to each hit box area ( although irrelevant ) and also whether in front/side or behind your opponent . as you can see , the hit box area causes no difference in damage . interestingly , this chart shows that kevlar and helmet mitigate knife damage . it also indicates that it reduces the damage when hit in the legs . kevlar does not reduce damage to the legs with any other weapon . this seems to indicate that knife damage is based solely on whether hit from the front/side or back .
bears are tough . a few tips : try upgrading your equipment if you have smithing , and either dual-wield swords ( if that is your weapon of choice ) and attack with both ( both mouse buttons simultaneously on pd ) or use a sword and a shield . it is possible that it is just too early to do what you are trying to do . level up a bit further before trying to progress the main storyline . do a few side quests , get better weapons and armor , get a few perks in light armor and one-handed weapons . do not forget to bring potions !
there are several different things that determine good or bad picks in league tournaments or 5v5 team rankeds in general . tl ; dr answer bad picks are picks which : the player does not play often do not match the team composition are usually weak and where the conditions for them being strong are not met are used as a surprise pick and do not work out counter themselves ( in high lvl play usually against surprise picks that do work out ) are picked instead of a pick that would cripple the enemy team ( picking something they usually play for example ) in-depth answer first of all : the tier list as most people know there is a tier list for solo queue . but since you are asking about the ogn/lcs games i will take a bigger look into the 5v5 tier list . the team tier list is not too different from the soloqueue one but it is not that relevant . the soloqueue tier list focusses on the potential of a champion carrying a game alone . the team list focusses on the team ( fighting ) ablitiy of a champion . you also have to keep in mind that the champion tier list itself for 5v5 is not that relevant just because there is another list of team compositions and strategies . this brings us to the next point : team compositions the team comp is the most important factor in team rankeds/tournaments . currently i would say the most used comps are : wombo combo the wombo combo team is the most used teamcomp within unexperienced players since it is easy to follow . most unexperience players will just think " hey if we win teamfights we win the game so we will just pick amumu , kata , mf , leona , renekton " . this might be true but in higher level play the wombocombo can be easily countered since it really relies on teamfights and going as 4 or 5 . pro strong teamfights , can turn a game instantly , sieging against such a team is really risky con needs to teamfight , weak when alone , actually the team that get 's countered the most . exaple champions leona , amumu , miss fortune , ziggs , orianna strongest phase mid-late movementspeed comp the movementspeed comp became more popular during season 3 especially with the support and sivir rework . it is one of the stronger but harder to pull off team comps since you have to time right . it is also more or less a teamfight composition but you are not dependent on teamfighting as much as a wombo combo team . your strenght lies in structure control and the ability to engage and/or disengage fast . you could for example go as 5 to mid when only 2 people guard the turret , take it down and use your movementspeed to get away again pro very fast , good teamfights , strong disengage , quck turret kills . con sieging/defending is not that good usually , most comps lack cc in supporter or toplaner . example champions sivir , lulu , karma , sona , mundo , shyvana , udyr strongest phase mid-late poke comp the poke comp is also another rather old and commonly known composition . it is basically just a bunch of champions that can sustain themselves and/or the team while poking the enemy down and forcing them to go back . this means that this team excels at objective control ( have you ever tried to do baron against nidalee/jayce ? ? ) and sieging but it is greatest weakness are of course teamfights . this comp is pretty strong against movementspeed comps but it usually gets wrecked by a well played wombo combo team . pro great poke , great sustain , best sieging potential , best objective control cons cannot teamfight , movementspeed reliant , usually low amount of hard cc and disengages . example champions nidalee , ziggs , jinx , jayce , varus , gragas strongest phase midgame global ultimates well as the name suggests , these are mostly champions with global or semi global ultimates . this comps strength lies in surprise ganks and splitpushing while its biggest weakness is it is champion pool . there are not really many champions with global ultimates and most of them got nerfed since this method was an almost guaranteed win in earlier tournaments . they do not really get countered by any of the other comps but they also do not really do that well currently . this is mostly because of all the champ nerfs . pro split pushing , good objective control , ability to teamfight anytime from anywhere . cons champions are weak . example champions nocturne , shen , karthus , pantheon , twisted fate strongest phase midgame catcher comp this comp focusses on catching champions off guard and/or taking down high priority targets like an adc quickly . they usually have lots of single target burst and one or two assassins that can get in and out quickly . their biggest strenght lies in the early game and it forces the enemy to stay in a group since they can not really risk staying alone and getting caught . their weaknesses are teamfighting and their dependency on snowballing . if you screw up early game with a comp like this the game is pretty much over . pro target lock down , control of the enemy team , splitpushing . con teamfights are hard , if you can not kill the high priority target the teamfight is over , really risky to use in high level play . example champions lee sin , kha'zix , leblanc , elise , thresh , leona strongest phase early-mid we-play-what-we-can-play-best comp this comp usually leads to the " we lost because of bad picks " comments . it is usually playing champions that people are the strongest with but ignoring the real composition of the team . while this may work out for solo queue it is usually a bad thing to pull off in team rankeds/tournaments . the only cases it really works is when you pick a guy that play a champ well and you build the team around it ( overpow on kayle for example ) . the problem is that your main champions will get banned in tournaments and very high elo teamrankeds since you exactly know who your opponent is . pro you can play what you are best with con your champions can be banned , rest of team has to build around your champ . example champions insert your favorite champions here strongest phase insert strongest phase of your favorite champion here of course there are some other comps but these are the most frequently used ones that can really be categorized now to the last point : the enemy team in challenger team rankeds and tournaments you will know who your opponent is . thus you are ( or should be ) informed of their main champions and their main strategies . when picking or banning champs on such a level you can not just go for the " oh i am going to ban kassadin because he is op " tactic but you have to pick and ban against the enemy team . this is also really different from soloqueue . while in soloqueue you should follow the order : pick what i can play best > pick what matches the team = pick what counters the enemy in high level premade play you have to go for : pick what counters the enemy > pick what matches the team > pick what i can play best ( of you should be able to play the champion you are going to pick decently ) remember that you can ban away the main champ of their player with the smallest champion pool . this offers a great opportunity to win a game . also if you do not fail completely with a certain champ that the enemy is good with you can pick it away from the enemy . when you do not follow that order this often leads to these players saying " we had bad picks " . because they knew " player x is going to pick champion y and we got wrecked by it the last 3 games but i will try to pick a counter to it " . and instead of taking the champ away from this player they just tried to counter it . a closer look into viable champions now back to the different tier lists . as already mentioned the composition or synergy of different champions is much more important than the position in the tier list for team rankeds but this does not mean you can play heal+revive jungle soraka just because it matches your team in a certain way . first of all we have to keep in mind : the tier list is not perfect it is actually just a list written by pro players based on statistics and personal experience . also if you only play god-tier champions in soloqueue you will not jump from bronze to diamond in one day . this list only describes the potential of a perfectly played champion and not the percentage of games actually won by this champion ( if you want plain statistics check out op . gg ) . of course this also means that certain champions that might be really strong most of the time can be absolutely useless against a special teamcomp . in general it is of course safe to pick champions that are higher in the tier list but there are some exceptions to this ( talon for example is a terrible team pick but is great for soloqueue ) . on the other hand there are many champions that are lower in the tier list but can be really strong in team rankeds ( take shen for example ) . you can basically play every champ if you know that it will work . the tier list and meta games are usually created during tournaments . of course the patches etc are another factor but have you ever seen a toplane mundo before the popular guys played it ? mundo was a champion that was not touched for like a year or so and the mastery changes were not that extreme . he was a viable pick before but no pro player picked him in major tournaments . surprise picks also happened this season which will work out if you know how to play this champion right ( teemo pick in the tsm vs c9 for example ) . so another thing that can be a reason why people are talking about bad picks is either because they tried the surprise pick ( high risk , high reward ) and lost , or if they lost against it because they sticked to their usual playstyle and/or tier-list . preparation now this only counts for tournaments . you can prepare to a certain degree in high level teamrankeds by knowing all the teams in your elo but you will only be able to exactly know what or who you are against the next ( few ) game ( s ) . the preparing the team for the upcoming match is mostly job of the team coach . the players only have to put the theory into practice ( sure sometimes they have to learn certain champions but when it comes to picks and bans it is mostly theory ) . i personally won two tournaments with my team because our enemies did not prepare as much as we did . and by preparing i do not mean " hey i am gonna check out his lolking and then i know what champions he picks " . no . i mean analysing the playstyle of every single player in the enemy team . you have to find out how they handle different situations . clg is a good example of a team that relies on a good but risky strategy . they almost always play lategame comps . so what should you do ? you pick a team that wrecks the enemy early so there will be no lategame . finding out favorite champions of players is an important thing too of course but the playstyle of a player will tell you more than his match history . you have to watch previous matches , previous tournaments and maybe even scrim with them . as soon as you know how they play you can start counterpicking and counterbanning . i do not really know how much of a problem too little preparation is in lcs but i think even there you will sometimes lose because of it . also always remember that not kills , gold or baron win the game . those help you winning but the actual goal is to kill the nexus ( sometimes i feel like even pros forget this ) . no matter how many kills you get . when your toplaner is always mid to gank , top will get pushed and maybe even to the inhibitor/nexus which will cost you the game . and there are only two results : win or lose .
skeleton warriors are a generic summon . the benefit of using it on yourself is the cooldown is about 1/3 of the summon length , so you can have 3 or 4 of them at a time . their advantage over situational summons like zombies and archers is they move fast enough to keep up with you . their damage output is respectable as well . the blood zombie does damage over time . nether imp has the silence ability .
there is no in-game way to know , unless you have kept saves from previous games . if you can get to the mission control from one of those saves , you will see your base on the globe . if you are a faq-reader , there is a good chance you have skipped south africa ( people hate on it a lot ) . otherwise you are sort of out of luck .
while not much ( or pretty much nothing ) is known about crusaders , there is a bit of info on the net . what i found here ( even tho ' i realize it is not a 100% trustworthy source ) is : class-specific items flails crusader shields there is no other info that i could find about class-specific crusader items yet .
bukkit is a developer api - it basically provides hooks and functions that developers can use to plugin to minecraft . craftbukkit is the server component you download that lets these plugins work with the official minecraft server . craftbukkit is not yet a package manager , rather a server wrapper - plugin installation and managed updates are planned through another tool ( fill . bukkit . org ) but it has not yet been released - bukkit itself is still under heavy development . so , to answer your three bullet points : what bukkit does that vanilla minecraft server does not bukkit on it is own does very little - it simply exposes an api that can be used by developers to add functionality to the game why people decide to use it over vanilla minecraft server people generally use it because of the additional functionality that can be added through plugins : area protection , a form of economy , the ability to warp throughout the world , and making minecarts more stable . a quick browse through the bukkit plugin releases forum will show you some more possibilities . what plugins do/are for i think this is answered through the other two - they add additional functionality to the game . : )
i do not think so . maybe it can be the case with spas-12 ( due to its ammo nature ) . however , obviously , the he grenade ( and hk-69 ) allows you to kill more than one player with one grenade . . .
that is a bug in de:hr , it happened to me , too . one of the gang members has wandered off to some point where you can not reach him . i would point you to a specific website , but none of the suggestions i found helped directly . some solutions are here in the deus ex wiki or here in the steam forum otherwise , google for deus ex cloak and dagger bug and try out a few things . i opted for the possibility that the gang member is one another roof somewhere and tried to shoot him ( without seeing him ) , but that did not work . all out of a sudden , the marker started moving and he was back in the flat , so i could finish him off .
in tournament play , it will register how many wins you get during the period of validity of the tournament ( displayed on the popup when you hover it ) . you can then compete with other players in the leaderboard . random matches are more casual . it will track your total win ratio but nothing more .
open the config file and change toggleconsole to any key ( i used "-" ) . save the file , then right click on it , choose properties , and set as read only . when in game , open the console and type sv_cheats 1 , then noclip 1 . close the console , get out of where you were stuck , open the console again and type noclip 0 . worked for me !
i can only speak for bronze rankings . for this type of mission depending on which wave it is you will get stronger monsters that spawn plus the trash monsters . after the stronger monsters are dead , the trash monsters will never stop spawning , they will also continue to spawn in the same area until your team moves to a different area or completes one of the 4 disarmings . i have done this a few times with reapers as an enemy , i forgot which wave , but there was 2 banshees and 2 brutes and 3 or 4 ravagers . after all those enemies were dead the only monsters that continued to spawn were cannibals and maruder and rarely a few husks would come running . i forgot the numbers now and dont have it in front of me at work , but i think 8 enemies can spawn at once and only a maxium of 2 spawn points at a time . so from what i have seen , no facts behind this . so if you know where current spawn point is you can run the backways around the map as they head to your last location ( as long as you dont shoot ) and than can get the next objective and never have to shoot at the trash , and until you kill the trash more wont spawn . but i have stood in the same spot for 4 minutes with a sniper rifle and let them run down the hallway and killed 20-30 monsters in the 4 minutes because spawn point didnt change because i did not move . 4 minutes ended , my mission ended , but got like 20k score .
from this blog : andrewblock .netsteam version vista/window 7: C:\ProgramData\Steam\PlantsVsZombies\userdata xp : C:\Program Files\Steam\steamapps\common\plants vs zombies\userdata non-steam version vista/windows 7: C:\ProgramData\PopCap Games\PlantsVsZombies\userdata xp : C:\Program Files\PopCap Games\Plants vs. Zombies\userdata so , locate the files on the computer you are currently playing on . then , copy all of the . dat files into the directory on the computer you want to start playing on ( in my case , i copied them from the netbook to the desktop ) . note that this will overwrite any progress on the target computer , but you probably figured that already . note : i can not vouch for xp , but in my windows 7 + steam scenario , the ' c:\programdata\steam\plantsvszombies\userdata ' folder is hidden . i had to turn on viewing of hidden files : computer > organize > folder and search options > view > show hidden files , folders , and drives ( works in vista too ) . in xp it is my computer > tools > folder options > view > show hidden files — or something like that .
after you reset your quests , this will allow you to redo the follower quests as well ( given you have reached that part of the campaign ) .
the problem might be commandbook . try disabling it and try again .
he is mostly a situational card . as you mentioned you can silence him , most notably for me i typically use it in my priest deck ( as priests have mass dispel and a 0 cost silence ) to troll and get a monster on the field . since it does not attack and does not have taunt 90% of the time players let me keep it on the field . then the next turn i silence , divine spirit , inner fire , and boom they have lost 10hp or more if i use multiple divines or power word : shield . additionally , i like having defender of argus in my decks so i do not have to run as many taunt cards and he is not a bad addition , as sometimes when your enemy has board control you can place it down without the enemy killing it as they do not see it as a threat . if they do kill it then you have re-directed 5 damage that could have went towards you . i use it as an underdog-card in most situations . it has it is uses but by no means is an amazing card . i mostly keep it around for the laughs , as i play to troll not play to win :d uses : rush : if you get him early with a ( 0 ) cost silence in a priest deck it can catch your enemy off-guard board-control : if you are losing it can be difficult to gain board control back . this card is commonly left alone as it has no immediate threat . even if it is killed before you can silence or give it taunt it is a cheap card so it is at little loss to you ( other than maybe card advantage ) buff : typical usage of silence or taunt . full-field : this one is a long-shot , but you can use it as simply another card on the field . some cards such as frostwolf warlord could benefit from having another minion on the field . hell , you could throw him in before a brawl just to have a slightly higher chance at killing all of your enemy 's minions . silence counter : if you give it taunt it can act as a deterent for your enemy to silence away your taunt since he will then be able to attack ( as mentioned by " z -" below ) .
this link has a list of every weapon attainable in the game and how to unlock them all . it does not have the comb as a usable weapon . i have every animal orb in my game and i know you do not get a comb from those . however you can unlock one weapon in medusa 's lair . the buster sword .
it changes the menu title and the voiceovers - nothing else ( so far ) . the player does not have a model yet ( but it will have by the time multiplayer releases ! ) . this will reflect the selected gender . . .
you are unable to send mail to other characters on your account . however , the bank is an account-wide stash that is shared by all characters on one account . you can transfer items that way . as a workaround , you could mail something to a friend/guildie , and have them mail your item ( s ) back to you . this mail can be opened on any one of your characters .
right click on your volume icon in the taskbar ( or open it through control panel ) and then select playback devices . then go to the communications tab and set it to " do nothing . " should be all set .
you need 5 sunburst to enter the ravana map . monsters in the mini dungeons of golden temple have a chance of dropping a sunburst .
every classes first companion has three major quests that will take you off the ship ; one per act . this is in addition to the ' quests ' that are your on-ship conversations with all of your crew members . these , like the three ' major ' quests , are unlocked by a combination of affection and class story progression . if you get your companion affection substantially ahead of the plot curve ( say , via gifts ) , you can use these conversations to see a nice xp boost at the start of each chapter .
it makes no difference , gameplay or story-wise . it is simply the way the game does profiles . that is , each bunk corresponds to a different profile with its own save files , so multiple people could play off of one copy . if you are actually using multiple profiles , remember to use the green door ( load game ) instead of the blue one ( continue ) when starting the game . this allows you to select a profile to load from .
of course ! engraving is one of the most reliable ways to identify wands . see this page from the wiki on how to use engraving to identify your wands . a little usage advice : first , engrave ( with your fingers f . ex . ) a normal elbereth , because some wands like polymorph are only identified , when you engrave somewhere where you have something else engraved already . second , also when engraving with the wands , write an elbereth . never engrave any other text , because 1 ) elbereth is always good to have and 2 ) writing elbereth as opposed to anything else improves your wisdom stat .
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
those boxes represent the level of skill required to make a promotion in your current career track easier ( source ) .
i personally spawned a shotgun and used it to destroy the barrels and that was it . so basically i think the easiest way is to spawn any type of weapon and use it to destroy the barrels ( when you hold the weapon , click on barrel , then click on attack option ) . there might be more ways to solve that one , but i think destroying them is the simplest and fastest way .
you do run into it into the course of gameplay . it is roughly about 2/3rds of the way through , for a sidequest . it also fills in a spot in your inventory . that is about as detailed as i can get without spoilers , so details incoming ! after you get the clawshot , you can talk to the potion maker 's husband during the night . he is awake trying to get the baby to sleep , and can not because a bird made off with the rattle . to get the rattle , you will need to clawshot up the floating islands ( look for vines ) . at the top , find the nest , run off , and skydive onto it . you will find the rattle in the nest , and can complete the quest .
nope . the only thing that has an effect on your stealth skill is . . . well , your stealth skill itself . it can go from 0-10 , but this value is the only thing that matters outside of smoke bombs ( which keep you hidden for 5 seconds regardless of what armor you are wearing ) .
each follower has a specific list of equipment he or she is capable of equipping . you can see this list by going to the items page on the official site and clicking the follower 's icon at the top ; here are quick links : templar 's items scoundrel 's items enchantress ' items regarding the special follower items , those are equipped in their own special slot and do not replace any other item . that slot is not immediately available , it is unlocked later in the game .
despite needing to update mass effect 3 to run it , that patch was not the patch containing the resurgence pack ( as i had assumed ) . if you had like to use the new maps ( and eventually , weapons / characters ) , you need to actually access the dlc via " dlc " from the main menu - you can then " buy " the dlc for 0 biowarepoints , afterwhich , it will install and be available for use in multiplayer . kinda convoluted , and not intuitive at all . ( especially since it is free - why not simply patch the game to add the content if everyone gets it ? )
if you are asking if you can use a hard drive meant for the new style 360 ( the slim model ) with an old style 360 , the answer is you can not . the original hard drives attach to the outside of the console , while the new ones are smaller ( physically ) and slide into the console itself . as for replacing other parts - i would recommend against doing any maintenance yourself . you will void your warranty ( if it is still active ) , and in general the console is not meant to have user replaceable parts . re-reading your question , do you mean that the optical drive is scratching your discs ? you might try installing the game to the hard drive . it will still need to read everything on the disc to copy it , but at least once that is successful it will not have to read anything from the disc ( aside from the initial check when starting the game ) .
an incapacitated enemy is any enemy which is controlled ( cc'd ) , stunned or knocked down . because champion enemies and above are not able to be controlled , pommel strike cannot be used against bosses in most operations / flashpoints . the big deal here is that you can use pommel strike if someone else incapacitates the target , which makes it much easier to use for knights/warriors .
i mentioned this in a previous answer , but i will bring an excerpt of it here : phyta and cycots will stop reproducing once biomass level 5 has been reached . when this happens , they will continue to eat seeds , but their eggs will just " dissolve " rather than hatch into a creature . this is to prevent overpopulation , but if the biomass level goes down to 4 or less , the creatures will immediately start populating again until level 5 has been reached . other than that , those species should continue to populate so long as they are kept " well fed " with seeds .
i went digging in the source code ( gotta love open source games . . . ) first , you have to pass a random check for success ( i have not been able thus far to trace back what the " default " value for this is . . . ) , and then the game will attempt to place the new industry in a random location . if this fails , it tries to orient the industry differently , until it runs out of potential orientations . it then picks another location and tries again , up to 5,000 times . height does not appear to be a factor , but proximity to another industry of the same type does , and i believe that it is checking to make sure it can " land " the industry on flat ground . the lesson here is twofold - one , there is a chance to fail , period . you might just be unlucky . secondly , there is a chance that it will attempt to place a new industry and fail , due to bad luck or overcrowding when picking the tiles to place the industry on .
here 's my suggestion , based on the actual circumstances that earned me the specialist achievement . play defense on pl_badwater . make sure your team has a few competent damage sponges ( heavies , soldiers , and demomen ) who know how to retreat ( you may need to explain that bullets are hazardous to your health ) . you want to stay alive . you can facilitate this by always sticking to a buddy . the best buddies to stick to are the ones that hang around sharp corners near narrow corridors : in these locations , you and your buddy can stay behind cover in the yellow area , and once they are fully healed ( to 150% , conditions permitting ) , they can venture into the red zone for ideal damage exchange along the highlighted lines of sight ( where heavies , soldiers , and demomen have a captive audience , so to speak , of the cart 's escorts ) . note that the general advice here ( be on a good team , play against a bad team , heal everybody ) still applies , and that you will still need classes like engineers ( who can help by putting dispensers near you ) to cover your back .
tl ; dr if everyone you know is dead , no cheering . if they lived , yay ensues . image taken from this video . here be spoilers ! if shepard chose to destroy the reapers , a big wave of flame sweeps over the earth . if you have a low effective military strength ( ems ) score , the cut scene will show the flame wave destroying everything in it is path , including reapers , buildings , and humans . earth is destroyed . if you choose to destroy the reapers with a medium ems then the humans live , however earth is heavily damaged by the blasts and buildings get vaporized . if you have a higher ems , the energy wave destroys the reapers but leaves buildings intact , and does not kill the humans . earth is not destroyed . if shepard chose to control the reapers , the cutscene will show some electric activity on the reapers , and the reapers will leave earth . with a low ems , many buildings are destroyed in the process . with high ems , buildings remain intact . if shepard chose the synergy path , the reapers depart from earth and earth is saved . in cases where humans survived , the soldiers on the ground cheer as the reapers either leave earth or are destroyed . to find out exactly what levels are needed , check out this answer .
according to this thread , ea removed that feature starting with fifa 10 , and this thread suggests that it is gone in fifa 11 as well ( although perhaps only for consoles/pc ; the psp version apparently has a youth academy ) , so i do not think you are missing anything . ea does not seem to list features that have been removed from games , so i have not found any information about why it was removed or if it might be added for fifa 12 or a subsequent console or pc release .
i believe you need to play through the entire game without shooting anyone to gain this achievement . if you mess up , you can reload your last checkpoint and go again but if you have passed another checkpoint since , you will need to restart . if you want to check as you go along , you can press the " back " button and in the top-right of the screen it should say : " so far , you have not fired a shot at anyone " . if you think you may have shot someone , hit the " back " button and check this . if it is gone , you need to reload your last checkpoint . if it is there , you are good . the bit with the convoy does not count as a shot and you can actually shoot guns in the game ( at servers etc ) , as long as you do not shoot at anyone .
the guild finder tool does exist in-game , but it is not widely used , since many people believe you have to be guild-less to use it . you can bring it up using the /gf command . there are some external resources , though . blizzard hosts a guild recruitment forum on their own site that is pretty widely used and is probably your best bet to find a match just by looking through the threads until you find something good . there are a couple other forums for guild recruitment , such as the elitist jerks forums , mmo-champion , or tankspot . there are also some standalone websites , but i am not sure about their quality . guildster wowmatcher wowstead p.s. - if you are looking for a pvp guild , i would recommend checking on arena junkies .
have you tried setting a static dns server in your xbox 's network config ? the people in this thread seemed to have good luck with that as a fix to this problem .
not to bump an old thread unnecessarily , but i just finished building the tool i think you are looking for : mysteamgauge . com your profile has to be public and it is not perfect , but should give you a pretty close idea of what kind of hard drive space you will need to install your entire collection ( or on multiple drives , per steam 's new feature to specify install location ) . cheers ! [ edit ] just realized a screencap might be nice :
i wish there was more documentation on this game , but all i could find online was this : drum solider : can not attack but can increase attack rate and damage i did not notice an increase in attack rate , but i did seem to get more critical hits . however , i was not rigorous about my observations so take them with a grain of salt . i am not sure about the best use , but i often place a lot of taoist priests or hammer soldiers around one drum solider . also , i know upgrading the drum solider ( 75 , 150 , 300 ) increases its range , but i do not know if it increases its effects as well . source : empire defense 2 blog post
if defeating these guys is pretty important to you , spend the extra 40 or 50 k ( depending on how far in you are ) on a large health regen potion . this makes the first battle easier and puts the focus on the second ( it stops after the first battle and does not give time in the second ) . for the vile blade 45k is not really asking much . i would suggest dual-wielding for this battle , considering shields are rendered obsolete due to the bog giant/moss golem 's high level of block breakage . in addition to that , make sure your ring has a health or at least shield attack , because these guys hit hard no matter how good you are at dodging or parrying .
i have not played the game yet , but your friend should be able to throw you an invite to his game through his own friends menu . joining a party means you will create a group for you both ( to chat in together ( though you can set the chat to use the game chat also ) and if you are the leader of the group , you can also choose to just send a game invite to the party , which will invite everyone in it to play . details on the party system can be found here .
the answer to your question would appear to be , in fact , yes . i too have looked at the game 's source code , most notably in game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules . cpp and this is what i have found . there is a number that governs difficulty . in the source it is called m_imissiondifficulty , though the function getmissiondifficulty ( ) is often used to read its value . its initial value is set using the skill level you choose . easy : 3 normal : 5 hard : 7 insane : 10 brutal : 13 if there are three marines playing , this number is reduced by one . if there are one or two marines playing , this number is reduced by two . the number can not fall below two ( i.e. . if you are playing using the easy skill level ) . this number 's practical application is in various calculations used to determine damage dealt . this tuning can be toggled using the cvar asw_adjust_difficulty_by_number_of_marines - on by default - though sv_cheats must be enabled in order to disable it .
other than having a low item and level dependency ( as mentioned here ) a good roamer needs to be able to do a few things : counter-jungle deny the opponent 's solo gank i will talk about why each of these are important , and what champions other than alistar fit these roles very well . counter-jungling counter-jungling is simply screwing with the enemy jungler . junglers are countered by stealing their buffs and denying respawn . stealing buffs can be crippling to many junglers , as buffs are needed for clearing the jungle faster and ganking . for example , a jungler without crowd control needs lizard to slow when ganking . a jungler who needs their abilities to jungle effectively ( nunu/shaco ) relies heavily on golem . stealing either of these will not only deny the jungler experience but likely prevent them from ganking other lanes , making your allies lives easier . denying respawn is simply done by killing the highest experience value creep in a camp of the enemies jungle . this gives less experience to the enemy jungler and the creeps will not respawn until the jungler kills the entire camp . good creeps to do this with are the big banshee , big wolf , lizard , and golem . keep in mind that going for enemy buffs is extremely risky ; most teams will actively protect their jungler and you might mind end up in a 1v3 . a roamer needs to be able to deal with this . denying solo simply put , prevent your opponent 's solos from getting experience . running into a lane and harassing the solo enough that they have to blue pill back home is basically all that you need to do . this gives your team 's solos some free time to level and get last hits without harassment . ganking this largely happens along with denying solo . in order to do this a roamer needs crowd control so that your allies can get in to do damage . even if your gank fails , as long as you manage to get the enemy champion to blue pill back home you have successfully given your allies an opportunity to freely farm their lanes . an important thing to remember is that you do not want to get the kill from a gank , unless the target will escape without you taking the kill . it is more important for your carries to get the gold in order to carry your team late game . the glue that keeps it together to accomplish the above goals you need to move quickly . this usually depends on the boots you choose , but getting the gold for those boots can be difficult as a roamer , so inherent speed is important . the less time you spend getting from lane to lane the less experience you will lose while traveling . although this is not a huge deal , because you losing experience means your allies are gaining more , you still need to be able to travel quickly in order to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves . fast traveling means you can run to the enemy jungler when you see him at the buff you warded , run to a lane to gank , or escape from a nasty scenario where the enemy team decides they do not like you roaming . alternatives to alistar addressing all of the above roles , i have a few champions suggestion other than alistar . as stated in other answers , a champion who can jungle tends to make a good roamer , because both roamers and junglers have similar roles ( deny solo , gank , counter-jungle ) . nunu in particular is a great roamer because of his abilities . consume is a natural smite , ideal for stealing buffs . my games usually start with me warding the enemy lizard or golem ( depending on the enemy jungler ) , and waiting until they bring the creep down low so i can flash in and consume . if that proves too risky i waltz to the banshees and consume big banshee for an easy respawn denial . blood boil is a great way to get around the map quickly , especially with boots of mobility . less time traveling means you lose less experience and get more opportunities to be present for a gank or push . you can also cast on an ally to make them even deadlier during a gank while still getting the advantage for yourself . ice blast is a wicked ganking tool , providing a massive slow that is a nice lead into the ultimate absolute zero . the combo should give your allies plenty of time to run in and take out the target , but be careful not to take the kill with absolute zero 's high damage . evelynn also makes a good roamer . her ganking is ridiculous , and i will not bother going over how it works . instead of stealing buffs , unless you have smite , she tends to be more effective at scaring off junglers when they try to take a buff . especially at level 1 , many junglers get very low hp while taking golem or lizard . it is an ideal time to kill them with a stun/ignite , or at least scare them off . if you take an ignite/smite combo you might get both a kill and a buff ( win ! ) . going invisible makes evelynn impossible to catch early game unless someone invests in an invisible detection wards ( which will not happen ) , so there is little risk to counter-jungling . her ultimate provides a massive speed boost around mid game , making her a very fast traveler , especially with boots of mobility . there are plenty more roamers that i will not care to mention but given the criteria it should be easy to point out which of your favorite champions can make a good roamer .
seems like a known bug to me , according to the dwarf fortress forums once dwarves start training in a barracks , they will never ever do any civilian work ever again . no matter what .
i fought the penguin ufo last night . you can get it from him . a nice tactic is to use your universal tool and trap him with dirt , so he does not spawn penguins . just hold him in place while you kill him . to spawn a penguin ufo , use a distress signal
i used the boots and obsidian crown and enchanted monkey staff to fire loads of fireballs . then when he came near me i teleported and jumped around !
you rescue kormac the templar from cultists in the cathedral during the act i quest reign of the black king . lyndon the scoundrel is met trying to con some artifacts from a woman and her village during the first part of the broken blade . early in act ii , in the first half of shadows in the desert , you meet the eirena the enchantress who clears illusions away that hide cultists . as for the camp followers ( artisans ) , the blacksmith , haedrig eamon points you to where the crown is in act i and he joins your crusade after you find it . the jeweler , covetous shen shows up in act ii hiding in a barrel .
you can not enter the train to drive it . there is a mission with trevor in which you get the train and drive it , but outside of that in the open world , it is not possible .
reaper rounds increase the damage of conventional weapons ( by increasing the crit chance by 20% ) , but double the weapon 's range penalty . it is your choice of whether to use them or not according to your play style and preferred tactics . take notice that they only affect conventional weapons so once you move all your squad to laser/plasma weapons , the reaper rounds will have no effect . here are two notes about their usage from xcom wikia : reaper rounds are an effective way to increase the potency of conventional weapons before better items , such as beam weapons are researched and manufactured . the added technological and research options in xcom : enemy within can delay a player 's progression up the basic weapon research tree significantly , especially at classic or impossible difficulty . reaper rounds can help give a damage output boost to classes such as the assault , heavy and sniper , the enhanced weapons for whom must be researched separately , incurring greater costs in money and time compared to upgrading the base assault rifle quickly . reaper rounds shine when given to shotgun build assaults , given that their weaponry specialization largely negates the range penalty , and increases crit rates that such troops are often reliant on to clear an enemy . reaper rounds also work well when given to snipers , as the range penalty on sniper rifles is for close-range attacks versus long-range . heavies benefit less from reaper rounds , since their lower base aim reduces the number of crits that actually hit , though if a player adopts a strategy of heavies closing with enemies more this deficiency can be compensated for . supports and rookies benefit the least from the use of reaper rounds since the range versatility of their assault rifles is negatively impacted . as to my own experience , i did not use them because i prefered to have the scope to increase aim instead of them , and i researched laser weapons before i got tactical rigging , so it was not relevant any more . i did research the tech needed for tactical rigging before the laser weapons , but did not have money for the foundry project , and did not see it as important enough . at the start of a game i usually have very little funds and can not afford a lot of things so i try to get only the absolute necessity . at the start , the soldiers are poor shots anyway and the enemies have relatively low health , so a penalty to aim in my mind is much worst that an addition to damage . on second thought , they might be good to take on the first terror missions to deal with the problematic chrysalids , they do not take cover , so hit percentages are usually high , but they have a lot of health and a 1-hit kill attack , so killing them quickly from close range is a priority , although i did not try it for myself .
my guess is that the installer is based off of some ancient technology developed in blizzard 's dark ages and , as you suspected , you cannot install on either a drive lettered a or b . as noted , this is because these were the floppy or other external media drives from a long time ago , and it simply will not recognize them as a valid install location . you must change the drive letter to something not a-c ( d is always a wonderful choice ) in order to install diablo iii and commence the looting .
from this answer note that the smooth operator reward is an easier version of ghost . ( if you get " ghost " you will always get " smooth operator " as well . ) smooth operator is used for the foxiest of the hounds achievement . it deals almost only with alarm panels and security-system alarms , rather than " alarmed " guards
try shooting him in the leg then going for a takedown .
you have to use the two flagstaffs on the side of the building . the first will catapult you to the second and the second enables you to reach the roof and in further consequence the bottle . i have marked the spots in the image :
this is kind of a problem endemic to explosive weapons - they are very situational for this reason . there is one perk , spray ' n pray that you can unlock at level 22 , which decreases damage done from your weapons ( including explosives ) to your companions . it does not help with civilians , however . you could eschew companions , or at least stick to those who do not get in close , and avoid brawls in populated areas . however , your best bet is to have a backup weapon for times when collateral damage is a concern . there are plenty of skill points in the game , so leveling multiple weapon types is pretty easy , especially if you have the expansions and all the levels and perks they provide . the trusty 9mm pistol requires no guns skill and very little strength . i also highly suggest finding the ratslayer if you can - it is off the beaten path and can be tricky to get due to some high-level enemies , but it requires no guns skill to use , and is extraordinarily powerful at range and when hidden . if you can level your guns skill a bit , at 25 and 50 you will be fully qualified to wield some pretty powerful backup weapons , such as that gun . for pretty much the first third of the game , you can get by with that gun and ratslayer , with the occasional pistol thrown in there when your 5.56mm ammo runs low . if you are primarily using explosives , your ammo drain is probably going to be slower . melee weapons are also an option , although they will do less damage and have less special moves with low skill levels . it also requires you to get relatively close in before you can do any damage , which can be challenging against well-armed enemies .
the commander hotkeys are laid out in a grid system based on their position in the ui . the top row ( of tabs ) are assigned q w e r . the two rows of icons below the tabs use a s d f and z x c v . space will take you to the location of the last alert ( i.e. . structures under attack , marine requesting ammo , etc ) . you can select a group of buildings or units and press ctrl+1 - ctrl+5 to save the group , and 1 - 5 to reselect that group later .
if you pause the game and go to the menu ( using the + button on the wii u , i am unsure about other platforms ) there is an option for ghosts with three settings : all , friends only , and none . personally i find friends only better than all . but i have no friends :- so all i see is ghosts of my own prior attempts which i find far less distracting than ghosts of other players ( especially when they play as other characters ) . you will obviously want none to disable the ghosts completely . on a side not i find that the ghosts distract me much more on distance challenges where you are racing against the flames and you have to go as far as you can . on time challenges where you need to collect as many lums as you can i actually find that the ghosts help me a lot . here 's what it looks like on the wii u . i am not sure about what other platforms would look like :
short answer : as it seems for me only for the runes of the engineer . these are the recipes i found who uses iron ore : minor rune of the engineer major rune of the engineer superior rune of the engineer i have not found othere recipes for it , but maybe another user may know more than me . edit : well , just look on the iron ore wiki page and look for recipes -> leatherworker . seems as my mentioned runes are the only recipes that need iron ore .
it seems to me that there is a probability involved every time you run the task . when you use a hacker with great stats , most of the time they will produce , however i am betting it is a simple percent chance that they will/will not , similar to when your workers ask if they can ' improve ' a specific stat and the highest percent chance you can attain is 80% . i have tested these variables all at once : 1 . ' amazing ' genre/type combination 2 . maxed out direction a . both fully maxed out , and only maxed out for what i feel is needed for that specific combination 3 . high level staff member who is in the key job for the task ( scenario/writer , graphics/designer , etc ) 4 . full energy bar and on occasion , they still will not produce . i am quite sure that of course a higher stat staff member reduces the chance of a bad outcome , but the bad outcome still remains .
i am not entirely sure what modio has to do with minecraft . it seems to be a utility that can transfer game saves between a pc and an xbox 360 . if you are indeed running a server without name verification , you should worry anyway , if anyone on your server is an operator . setting online-mode to false causes the server not to verify usernames with minecraft .net, which allows anyone to log in with any handle they wish . if you have given someone else or yourself operator privileges , this person could hijack the nickname of an op and thus gain their status . if you want to defend yourself against this , your options are : enable online-mode . of course , this will effectively ban anyone with a&hellip ; less privileged account . do not give anyone operator status . moderate the server directly via the server console . switch to bukkit and set up local user accounts with a plug-in such as authme .
i know while playing , the game has not let me sell , destroy , or put in my junk bag any quest items , so i am guessing that is the cause . while i do not have firsthand knowledge of your particular item , i did find some info on it . brother fallon’s beads st . hadwyn’s beads is an accessory which you’ll get in the plaguseshield . you will not be able to thrash it , go to st . hadwyn mission ( glendara ) and talk to brother udo . make sure that you make him certain that you believe in the ways of mitharu in order to trigger this quest . so it sounds to me like it is a quest item for a quest you do not have yet .
you want to use a monostable circuit . this turns any input pulse into a pulse with an exact length ( in ticks ) . hook this up to your clock and you can pulse the piston on for 1 , 2 , or however many ticks you want . by tweaking your clock speed and monostable circuit you can get very precise piston pulses , e.g. 1 tick on , 5 ticks off ; 3 ticks on , 7 ticks off etc . sethbling , noted redstone genius , gives a very good guide to monstable circuits , as well as other redstone components in this video :
after each third of the game - priority tuchanka , rannoch , or thessia , diana allers ( if aboard ) will send an email requesting an interview . shep can go up to his cabin and use the intercom to send her up for an interview . after she asks her questions , she will turn off the camera and make some small talk - after the first interview , you are given the option to flirt with her or turn her down . if you turn her down , she never mentions it again , but if you flirt with her , you can then flirt after the other two interviews and eventually she will become a love interest .
there is no way to click on the main map or minimap to move there , neither was there such an option in previous diablo games . in previous diablo games you could , however , move with the main map open ; but that option no longer exists in diablo iii .
you can buy or sell any blacksmith plan in the auction house , except for the account bound plan of herding . they are listed in alphabetic order not level ( annoyingly , there is no way to change this ) but if you already found higher level plans , then you should be on the right screen to search for harvest moon as well . it is possible that there is none available at the time ; if this is the case price will show 0gp and the ' buyout ' button will be grayed out . option c ) is still a possibility , if you searched for items and entered the name in the legendary box at bottom - this will search on specific crafted stuff , not the plans themselves ! so for e.g. , if you search for Asheara's Clasp ( lvl 51 set gloves ) this is different from Plan: Asheara's Bindings that you will find in the right place on pages and recipes section . harvest moon plan on ah
i finally figured it out . use focus to follow the wires for pressure plates , trunks , safes , etc . they will sometimes lead you to a panel and when you interact with it , the wire cutters are automatically used to snip a wire and disable all of the traps attached to it . in some cases , this panel is several rooms away from the traps . the first one i encountered like this was in oxheart perry 's residence for the silence is golden quest .
the promotion costs for the next level can can be calculated by previous level xp + ( 10 * next level ) so for level 1 : 0 + ( 10 * 1 ) = 10 level 2 : 10 + ( 10 * 2 ) = 30 level 3 : 30 + ( 10 * 3 ) = 60 level 4 : 60 + ( 10 * 4 ) = 100 and so on . source : civ fanatics forum
i have re-downloaded the tool again ( for the 20th time , more or less ) , and this time it worked , so problem solved . this might be related to me resetting the battle .netlanguage before downloading the tool this time , as explained in the bottom of the troubleshooting page , but i can not be sure .
it appears you can only go to hell once per game-day . you get the debuff pooped when your energy is very low ( 5% of max energy ) with a duration matching the time until the next game day , which is every four earth hours .
sometimes they become openable doors through the story ( e . g . entrance/exit in dead city ) , sometimes you get a keycard or key to open them ( e . g . gearhead vault in subway ) , sometimes they can be opened by shooting gas tanks behind them ( e . g . wasted garage ) or similar . however , mostly they are just part of the wall that looks like a door - there seems to be more ' doors ' like that than any other .
apparently there are bombs in angler 's tunnel : there are bombs in dungeon 4 [ . . . ] in the angler 's dungeon go left in the first rm with the enemies and there are ten bombs if you have already got them and broken all the pots and so on you will have to leave the dungeon to find more ( not in this case , see comments ) . i do not recall anything specifically nearby but the world map is not too big , so if you ignore all the distractions along the way it should not take long to get to the shop : )
game development consists of five stages : the zeroth stage is preparation , before any sliders are used . some tech and design points accumulate . stages 1 , 2 and 3 involve silders . the sliders affect the portion of the time to spend on each of the three fields . the sliders do not affect the length of the stage . raising a slider above the other sliders increases time spent on that field , which may be important depending on the kind of game you are making ( dialog in an rpg , for example ) . the last stage is bugfixing and lasts until you release the game . bugs reduce the quality of the game . if you want the best quality game , you should fix all the bugs . also during the last stage , tech and design points will continue to be added at a low rate ( even after the bugs are fixed ) . this also increases game quality , but it is not a very effective use of time . the optimum strategy over many games may not involve fixing all the bugs . stage length by game size ( d = day , 4d = 1 week ) : Size Prep 1 2 3 Bugs Small 3d 8d 8d 8d ? Medium 4d 13d 13d 13d ? Large 6d 18d 18d 18d ? AAA 9d 34d 34d 34d ? 
no . there is no legitimate ( ethically acceptable ) way of changing the game to select more than 12 units . mainly because mods in brood war are not like minecraft mods , it does not just make the game more fun , it potentially ( in this case , definitely ) gives you an unfair advantage over your opponent . as a long time brood war player , i entreat you to avoid using these methods and enjoy the game 's imperfect beauty . but this may quench your thirst if you are not picky about experiencing the pure , true brood war . starcraft 2 - brood war remake
it depends on whether you have premium or not . if you have premium , winning a field with only gem bombs is very simple . all you have to do is this : pick a field with very weak monsters ( g13 is a good field for this ) select the option " giants only " and " endurance " create a few fairly high-level gems ( at least level 3 or 4 , otherwise you might not kill the monsters ) start the first wave . when the first giant monsters appear , pause the game ( freeze time ) take the high-level gems you made , and use them to kill all of the monsters from the first wave . then , create 3 grade-1 gems and bomb your orb with them . ( causing you to end endurance ) you will not receive many experience points from doing this , but you will get the journey amulet , as you won the endurance using only gem bombs make sure that you destroy all of the monsters in the first wave , as if you do not it will not qualify the first wave as " beaten " . if you do not have premium , this is a bit more tricky , and requires a fairly high wizarding level , and use of the " wild gem " skill . again , pick a field with as few monsters as possible . ( g13 was the one i did ) your skill balance should look like this . forge : maxed out ( 30 ) , multiple damage mastery : maxed out ( 20 ) , " wild gem": maxed out ( 20 ) . the rest of your skill points should go into " focus " sell the starting " wild gem " that you got from the skill create a huge amount of grade 2 multiple damage gems ( yellow ) ( i did this on field g13 , and grade 2 worked for me ) start the waves enter " gem bombing mode " by shift-clicking the gem bomb spell . this will let you bomb without having to drag the gems . ( work out how gem-bombing mode works before using it though ) start throwing gem bombs , preferably at clusters of enemies if you start feeling pressured , do not forget that you can freeze time and still use gem bombs . this helps out if there are a lot of monsters coming from different directions when you run out of gems , create more grade 2 multiple damage . if you are worried about the monsters not dying in 1 hit , create grade 3 instead of grade 2 that is about it , with only 8 waves , you should be able to handle the monsters fairly easily . also , do not worry about a few monsters leaking , you can always get them on their second time through the maze it is kind of a hard journey amulet , considering it only gives you 300 exp , but it does look pretty cool . . . and anyway its nice to say you have all the journey amulets . sources : experience playing the game .
without skills you can only place one tower with one level 1 gem . with this its hard to kill even the first wave . use the field c8 , create a tower near mana shards . the tower should kill few monsters from first wave and before the rest comes ( build walls so the monsters have the longest path to your tower ) you should have harvested enough mana to upgrade the first gem . when you can afford it build the second tower that can help kill monsters and harvest other mana shards . when you clear one from four mana shards in a group build a tower on the cleared spot . that gives you four towers which will harvest all of mana and should kill all the monsters . watch out for the giants - focus on one gem for maximum damage , the rest is only for swarm waves . yol strategy requires to much mana - i used pure lime . you could mix in just a little blue for extra damage but use of slow is negligible .
yes , while you are in state of gunzerking your entire ammo stock for all weapon types except rockets will regenerate regardless of which weapon types you currently have equiped or drawn out . source : personal experience and tests
as you noted , if it picks up engi , fluffwise there is no reason they should not pick up drones . this game does not try very hard to make biological sense ; do not get caught up on it . gameplaywise , while it may feel misleading to lase an enemy to find him completely freaking unharmed , it is more misleading , and more dangerous , to teleport into a ship and be caught unaware by more bodies than were on your sensors .
my character is female , but i am pretty sure i found the same facial option that you are currently using . you need to go to Make-Up , then under that heading , go to Items . it looks like you have got the " busted nose " option on right now . simply switch it to " nothing " and you should be cleaned up nicely !
as usual angry bird 's nest has a guide golden egg #4 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of poached eggs . the angry birds soundboard is the first of the puzzle levels . here’s what you need to do to unlock the star . press the group of birds , slingshot , tnt , any top bird , and finally any bottom pig . there is also two similar levels you could be referring to : golden egg #12 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of danger above . the second soundboard puzzle level is all about the birds and their beautiful harmonies . to get the star press blue bird , red bird , black bird ( with eyes closed ) , blue bird , then finally the green bird . golden egg #17 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of the big setup . to get the star first fill in all the pigs then tap big brother so he opens his eyes . now drag him to all the way to the right . no . 17 was originally broken on the android version , i believe , but doing the above has worked for a while now .
you will notice that once an enemy unit attacks you , it becomes gray and you are assured that that specific unit will not attack you again on the current turn . when a different enemy unit " energize"s a grayed out unit , it becomes colorful again and may attack you yet again on the same turn .
the answer for all questions about where textures are located is to look inside the jarfile and browse through the assets folder . ender dragon textures are ( along with all creatures ) in the entity texture folder , inside a folder named enderdragon .
up to three controllers work fine , but the game crashes with the fourth one . it seems that the game does not support four controllers .
take a look here : http://maps.cs-bg.info/maps/cs/he/ ( cs 1.6 ) http://www.gamebanana.com/maps/search?search=grenade ( cs 1.6 + css ) or just search " he_" maps with google or something .
the flaming sword icon indicates the end of an attack , so you can chain the next one . it appears only on easy and medium settings . from the wikia : on hard , you only see a blue streak where your sword has just travelled and hear a faint " whooshing " sound to alert you to the timing of your attacks .
one slime is generated for free once every 10 minutes .
marked for death is a new weapon introduced in worms reloaded . it is activated by placing the cursor over the target worm , then using it . the afflicted worm will be marked with a storm cloud over their head and they will take highly increased damage until their death . source : http://worms.wikia.com/wiki/marked_for_death edit : all attacks do double damage for the rest of the game .
there is an icon devoted to it in the featured tab in the app store . while that may disappear in the future , you can also find a section under hot new games . judging by how long made for ios 4 has lasted under hot new games , this is likely where you will always want to look for game center -enabled games .
first get the white ending , getting the white ending while unlocking the yellow ending will save you a full playthrough . all you need to do is play a new game plus ( beat the game and then play again ) and attempt to give your sleepy cat doll to every human character in the game ( possibly plus your cat ) . since doing this also gives you the ingredients for the ultimate burger , a key part of the white ending , it is important to do these in tandem . the characters to give sleepy cat to are as listed . most interactions are missable so check the conditions : chie give it to her before you give her the creepy purple doll . you meet her in the apartment where everything is normal before you get the handgun . kenny and bendizo these are the two dudes partying in chie 's place . they count as separate people the director he will not accept it until later in the game , after he gave me flares in my case . hank ( gun shop guy ) give it to him after all 5 health tonics . missable if you miss a tonic or you give him blue pills before giving him the cat . your cat you must fully adopt the cat ( give all 5 cans of catfood ) . make sure you do not eat the catfood and that you get all 5 cans before fighting mother . the man in the box trigger a green dream ( take a green pill ) and give him the cat before talking to him . after you have done this successfully , finish your playthrough and start over . if it worked , you will see a pictures of you cuddling with sleepy cat during the intro . then go back to chie 's apartment and give her the cat . your game will immediately end with a new scene and you will get the new ending . it takes about 10 minutes to get this after unlocking the sleepy cat intro scene .
by " combat " , they mean man-to-man combat , not ship-to-ship combat . basically , mantes make good raiding parties or security guards .
according to the cloud in a bottle page : this item can stack with the blizzard in a bottle , and sandstorm in a bottle , for a triple , or even quadruple jump . there are , however , some slight differences for the blizzard and sandstorm . unlike the cloud in a bottle , the blizzard in a bottle possesses an ' air drag ' double jump feature which works slightly similarly to a pair of rocket boots and/or wings . the player can gain more hang time and control with their jump for a short period of time by holding down the jump button . however , when the double jump is exhausted and the player does not ' drag ' their jump , the player cannot continue the ' air drag ' as they descend . blizzard in a bottle can be found in ice chests , in the ice underground underground biome . the sandstorm in a bottle is very similar to the cloud in a bottle , but instead of a cloud beneath your feet , a sand jet appears and the character spins as they ascend on that jet . due to this , the sandstorm in a bottle allows for jumps that are nearly twice as high as the cloud in a bottle . furthermore , each of these can be made into its own distinct cloud/blizzard/sandstorm in a balloon . these three balloons can then be combined into the bundle of balloons which condenses your quadruple jump into a single item .
it used to be 4 medals , due to the fact there are more medals now since 1.2 it has been changed to 8 medals without dying .
i usually do not answer my own question , but in this case i have to i guess . i am running minecraft pre-release 12w36a and i can confirm that you can cure infected villagers spawned from dungeon zombie spawners in survival mode . i had a zombie spawner underneath my base that i never destroyed , i am glad i kept it . i set up a small killing device for killing the unwanted zombies , and waited for a infected villager . in my case it spawned one every 30 zombies or so . when i got one i used a splash potion of weakness ( water bottle + fermented spider eye + gunpowder ) . as soon as i threw it i got my golden apple in my hand , and just right-clicked the villager . at this point he started shaking . while he was shaking , i waited around . about 5 minutes later he turned into a normal villager . at this point i wanted to know if he would despawn , so i went exploring in my world , slept for a few days , and went to the nether a few times . when i came back he was still standing there , which was great . i do not know if this will stay in the game . i will update the game once in a while to see if it still works in the snapshots . for now i will work on setting up my village , i am glad i do not have to build the 1000+ block railway anymore . i can confirm this works in 1.4.2 , see the video in the question for more details .
the story driven single player campaign can only be played by one person and cannot be played by more than one player . however , there is one mission that has been altered that allows 2 players to try this mission on different difficulty settings . http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/maps-and-mods/mods/left-2-die as far as community created multiplayer maps , there are numerous survival types of maps out on the custom games list that players play versus an ai , some are story driven , some are survival . select join a custom game , then in the category drop down select " co-op vs . ai "
team collision determines whether you can walk through your team-mates or not . if team collision is on , then your team-mates will act the same way as an enemy when you come into contact with them , namely , they will be able to block doors and the like with their body . if team collision is off , then you will be able to freely walk through your team-mates . this is a mostly anti griefing option , so that people can not purposely block doors to prevent their team-mates from getting out of spawn . it is also a tactical concern , as you can not stuff a bunch of players in one position if team collision is on . keep in mind that enemies will always have collision on .
you are correct on all three questions . i think one point is that you get all of that stuff in the same place , and with multiple chests you can organize stuff more . for example , i have a smithing cabinet and an equipment chest . also , your house is usually more conveniently located than wherever the alchemy lab and enchanting table happen to be in a given city . the other thing you get is some weapon racks ( 2 in the house in whiterun ) and armor stands ( 0 in whiterun , unfortunately ) . these let you display weapons and armor , which is a nice little point of customization . i have the sanguine rose sitting in mine , and it looks pretty neat . so no , you do not really get anything new beyond the first container ( which is valuable because your stuff will not grow legs while it is in there ) . so what are the upgrades for ? completionists , mostly . i might not get every house , but i plan to fully upgrade the ones i do , because they look nice . ( also , some of the upgrades to later houses get you , for example , a cabinet full of good potions , iirc . ) the house upgrades are what an mmo player might call a " gold sink " , and after all you will end up with quite a bit of it .
from the league of legends wiki : " carry " is a term that is typically used to refer to the primary damage dealer / killer on a team . so you will usually see a carry have the highest number of kills on that team , by the end of the game . carrys may often start with low effectiveness at early game and rise to power through the mid / late game . the carry is usually a character that your team wants to feed , you want him to farm and get the best gear possible so he can own . basically , a carry starts out slow but becomes the most powerful member of the team if played effectively . if you feed a carry , his eventual power is designed to be greater than it would have been if you had fed a fighter instead . fighters are champions that have constant damage output and good survivability . they tend to last a little longer in team fights as opposed to an assassin , deal more damage than a support class , and has more consistent damage than a champions who nuke ( usually ap champs ) . they will become powerful if you feed them , but not as powerful as a carry . if someone says they are playing a fighter as a carry , i would guess that they are basically wanting the team to feed him/her . it can be a viable strategy , but feeding a legitimate carry is usually an easier path to victory .
set explosive gel on the question marks beforehand , then go stand on the button , zoom in and use the remote detonator to detonate the gels in the correct sequence .
you enter the same way as you did the first time , i.e. go through wonder city and take the elevator . you will not be able to access the topmost part of the tower , but there are no collectibles that far up . all trophies , riddles and breakable items are still reachable after completing the main campaign .
sometimes the /reload input will sometimes basically " refresh " your game . which may include reconnecting you to battle .net. mainly used for ui resetting but i have found that it does re-log your chat . so it would be worth a shot in your situation .
the value in your inventory is the worth of the item . vendors will give you a percentage of that value based on your speechcraft skill and other factors . likewise they will sell it for a multiple of that value . specifically the price is : sell price = [ value of item ] / [ 3.3 - ( 1.3 * [ speech skill ] /100 ) ] * [ ( 1 + haggling % ) * ( 1 + allure % ) * ( 1 + fortify barter from potion ) * ( 1 + the sum of fortify barter from equipment + fortify barter from blessing of zenithar ) from the uesp wiki .
if you started a new single player game and did not change any of the difficulty settings , the first thing you need to do after the world is created is figure out how to survive your first night : at night is when all the really bad stuff that'll kill you comes out . the trick to doing that involves securing two things : light and shelter . bad stuff does not spawn near light , and shelter will keep that which has already spawned from coming to kill you . to build a shelter and a light source , you will need some basic tools and materials . look around you to see if you can see some trees : if you left click and hold on the trunk of the tree , you will be able to cut it down and get a log : keep cutting down trunks of trees until you have about a half-dozen logs . once you have that , open up your inventory ( press the " i " key ) : here , you should see the wood you just collected . click on the wood and move it to the crafting slots at the top of the inventory screen . the slot to the right of the arrow will display a new crafted item , the wood plank : if you click on the wooden plank , you can move it into your inventory , and the number of logs you have will decrease . congratulations , you created your first item ! keep creating wooden planks until you run out of logs . now , take your wooden planks and put them into the crafting area of your inventory so there is a wooden plank in each slot ( you can split stacks of items by right clicking on them ) . this will let you make a crafting table : the crafting table will let you create things with 9 slots instead of the 4 your inventory allows . move the crafting table to one of the bottom slots in the inventory ( your action bar ) and close the inventory window . if you then select the slot with the crafting table ( if you put it in the second slot , you can select it with the "2" key ) , you can right click anywhere to place the table . once you place the table , right click on it to open the crafting screen : now , take a few of your wooden planks and lay them out in the grid so one is above the other so you can create wooden sticks : two planks equals four sticks . create 12 sticks ( so , use six wooden planks ) . now , you will want to create a pickaxe , which will let you mine stone and coal . move two sticks and three wooden planks into the crafting table and arrange them thusly : equip your pickaxe into one of your open action bar slots . now that you can mine stone , you will need to find some coal so you can make some torches . look around you to see if you can see some mountains , particularly ones with bare stone and ideally ones with little black dots on them : depending on your luck when you spawned , you might be really close to some coal or you might have to walk around a while to find some . before you head off , make sure you collect your crafting table so you do not have to make another one later . to do that , left click and hold on the crafting table until it gets " destroyed " and walk over it to collect it . if you do not find any coal after a few minutes of searching , try to find a secluded place with some bare stone that you can start mining into . coal can appear almost anywhere underground , so you might get lucky and find some after digging into the side of a mountain for a bit . mining works just like cutting trees down : left click on the stone until the block is destroyed and you get a piece of cobblestone ( or , if you mined coal , a piece of coal ) . just make sure you have equipped and are using your pickaxe or it'll be an exercise in frustration . if , after a few more minutes of mining , you still have not found some coal , you can use the new-fangled 1.2 method of getting coal using a furnace . first , go get a couple more logs from nearby trees . then , place your crafting table down ( you did remember to collect it like i said to above , right ? ) and open it up to create a furnace with the cobblestone you no doubt collected via mining : the furnace is a similar item to your crafting table : place it down and right click on it to open it . there , you will see three slots . the bottom slot is the fuel source , the top slot is what you want to " smelt " , and the right slot is what is created after smelting . in this case , you will want to use a log as both the fuel source and the object to be smelted , which will create charcoal , a poor man 's version of the coal you can mine : once you have coal ( either by finding it or by making it ) , make some torches with the coal you found and the sticks you have : now , start digging inward until you have carved off a nice little nook or cave . make sure you keep the opening small : you do not want bad things coming in . equip your torches and right click on the sides of the walls to place them . by this point , either the sun has already gone down , or it is late in the day . close off the opening of your cave so nothing can come in and wait for daylight . to do that , find some of the cobblestone and/or soil you have from digging in your inventory and equip it like you did with the torches and pickaxe . right-clicking with a block of stuff will place said block on the ground . congratulations , you survived your first day and got to play around with the basics of minecraft . now , you can start to explore the world around you and figure out what else you can make . minepedia , where most of the above images came from , contains a wealth of knowledge about the game and what you can do .
you will be fine . millions of passengers have no problem with laptops brought through airport security . your xbox will be fine . here 's a quote from about.com: letting your laptop go through the x-ray equipment will not harm your laptop . the magnetic field which is generated is not enough to cause harm to your hard drive or cause damage to your data . metal detectors on the other hand , can cause damage and request politely that security/customs do not use the metal detector but do a hand check instead .
axe 's culling blade is the only ability that kills through shallow grave . techies is also capable of killing themselves when under the effect of shallow grave by using suicide . the shallow grave ability is also not able to be purged , so there is zero worry other than that . some spells will poison/affect you for longer than the 5 seconds that shallow grave lasts and thus may kill you as the effect ends if you are not careful .
it is completely random from what i remember .
the tome consists of haikus . some were spread throughout the game—written on walls and repeated by owls . the book is read three-dimensionally , using a letter from each page in this order : 15263748 . the text is not rotated , and the translation starts in the upper-right corner and moves downwards . the decyphering technique is described at gamefaqs .
no , as stated in the faq on the introversion forums , the uplink bank is not hackable . q : how can i hack the uplink bank ? a : you do not . you need a voice sample from the admin - and , as you can see , there is no admin . i can only assume this has been done for storyline reasons , the same reason the for the missing stuff in one of the secret missions , to potect your bank account , and your person . remember , there are other uplink agent out there , and if that information was known , you , the player , could be a target of those agents .
here 's a summary of what it does : " doing the eraser trick is very easy , you only need two or more science vessels with irradiate researched . to do the trick , simply have your two science vessels irradiate each other , and fly them over or near the units you wish to kill . since science vessels are not biological units , irradiate has no effect on them ; however , irradiate 's splash damage hurts surrounding biological units . " taken from http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/science_vessel_eraser
" reverse pickpocketing a poison using the poisoned perk does not count as a crime , even if the magical effect of the poison ( e . g . " damage health" ) would otherwise be considered a criminal act if applied any other way . this makes it entirely possible to kill or weaken innocent enemies , right in front of everyone , without incurring a bounty . " no , successfully planting enough poison on your target to kill him/her will not create a bounty . if you fail in your attempt to reverse-pickpocket a poison onto the target , you will receive a bounty . furthermore , if you successfully plant poison on the target , but not enough to kill them , they may hire thugs to come after you . this will not put a bounty on your character .
implants drops are based on xp events , are random and higher awared xp have a higher chance for an implant drop . fact is : the current drop tuning is designed to allow average players ( by raw , non-boosted xp gain , across all characters ) to be able to maintain even tier 3 implants with drops alone . check it out for yourself . the loot system is more complex than just " kills per implant drop " or " xp per implant drop " , it is weighted and favors large xp events ( base captures , ribbons , alerts ) for better drops . no one has scratched the surface of the drop system on pts yet . - higby ( ps2 creative director ) source : http://www.reddit.com/r/planetside/comments/240luz/smedly_on_implant_drops/ch2qiq1?context=3 initially there were caps in place for drop rates but they got removed at 21.05.2014 . source : https://twitter.com/mhigby/status/469329397690822656 there are not more information available about the inner workings of the drop system .
there is not any . there is no way around the recycle time limit that will not get you banned fairly quickly . i tend to just blindly recycle ( and watch the phone screen from the corner of my eye ) while i am reading or watching a video or something . you can drop items reasonably quickly if your phone is fast enough ; my trick is to hover the right middle finger above ops , the left thumb over the screen center , and the right thumb over drop . then touch the three in sequence , with just the right speed . unfortunately , that leaves them around for the opposition to use … so maybe you had rather recycle , and use the resulting xm for recharging … ?
you have to make it from the bottom to the top without touching any checkpoints . that way , you can free the sliding platform , die , and respawn below , in position to collect the trinket . the most important part is that you must respawn in the same room . else the platforms will reset and you will be stuck again .
in the crafting interface , under refinements , there is a recipe for converting scrap into bolts .
halopedia says , when using mounted anti-infantry guns , the weapon overheats less quickly , allowing for longer firing at the maximum rate of fire . also it allows the player to move faster when the weapon is detached allowing for more offensive tactics rather than defensive . i am yet to unlock any speciazation to get access to this ability to test it out but if the quote above it to be believe then yes , it does affect stationary guns ( mg turret , shade ) .
1 ) you can buy or craft more pouches or boxes with various storage sizes and properties ( for instance , armorsmiths can craft a ' safe ' box that holds 8 items that will not be sorted with compact or moved to collections unless you do so manually ) . 2 ) you can also unlock extra pouch/box " slots " , via the in-game store . ( at work ; can not check the site/wiki to link urls . )
any general goods store will take them : the two ones you will hit early on are the riverwood trader in riverwood and belethor 's general goods in whiterun . others include : arnleif and sons trading company in markarth gray pine goods in falkreath pawned prawn in riften sadri 's used wares in windhelm general goods stores , without the " master trader " perk , generally seem to have around 750 gold . i just confirmed lesspop_morefizz 's suggestion that apothecaries ( potion shops ) take them , too : arcadia 's cauldron , for example . others include : thaumaturgist 's hut in morthal grave concoctions in falkreath the hag 's cure in markarth the mortar and pestle in dawnstar angeline 's aromatics in solitude apothecaries , without the " master trader " perk , generally seem to have around 500 gold . beyond that , if you invest in the " merchant " perk in the speech skill , you will be able to sell them anywhere you want , and if you invest in " master trader " , every merchant will have a ton more gold . the easiest thing to do is do a circuit amongst the general goods stores and apothecaries ( or , if you have " merchant " and/or " master trader " , all stores in an area ) . by the time you are done fast traveling , you will likely have spent 48 hours and can sell to the original merchant again . but if that is still not convenient , sell to a merchant , and wait 24 hours twice : ( relatively ) instant restock .
inside the drenchfort , you will need to take the east hallway and then the first door to the south instead of going to the top where you release the water . it is on a brazier kinda thingie in the far right corner of the room .
looking at this shadow sora article , the trivia sections says : shadow sora is one of only eight enemies who do not have entries in jiminy 's journal . the others are antisora , bit sniper , the cave of wonders guardian , chernabog , the crank tower , the shark , and world of chaos .
quake3world has an extensive guide to how armour and health work : when you are shot , quake3 applies 2/3 of total damage to armor . . . , then the rest is taken off health . if your armor is insufficient to cover the ' debt ' the leftover damage comes from your health so when you take damage it takes 2/3 of the total and applies it to your armour . it then takes the remaining 1/3 plus any left over if your armour was totally destroyed and applies that to your health . if that takes your health to below 0 , you die . for example , if you have 100 health and 20 armour you can take 120 damage before you die ; if you have 100 armour and 20 health , however , 60 damage is enough to frag you - 2/3 of 60 is 40 which comes off your 100 armour but that still leaves 20 damage to come off your health . as that is only at 20 you die . the function of armour is to reduce the amount of health you lose when you get shot etc . in terms of benefit any armour is better than none , and the stronger your armour the better as it means that none of the 2/3 " armour " damage will get applied to your health .
let 's look at each item , and how it affects gangplank : philosopher 's stone - this is a strong item on many champions . it gives him the mana regen he needs to use parrrley , hp regen , and gp/5 . wriggle 's lantern - provides armor , ad , life steal , a unique passive and a free ward . this is another strong pick , especially if jungling gangplank . mercury treads - these boots are considered the default tank boots , due to mr and tenacity . spirit visage - provides health , magic resist , cdr , and a boost to healing . i do not recommend this item because it does not synergize well with any of his abilities . frozen heart - provides armor , mana , cdr , and an aura debuff . this item is best vs an auto-attack heavy team , otherwise i would skip it . thornmail - provides armor , and deals magic damage when auto-attacked . i do not recommend this item on gangplank , because a clever opponent will stop focusing gangplank when they see you have purchased it . since your goal is to be a tank , this is counter-productive . warmogs armor - provides the most health in any item , and good health regen . helpful for staying alive . atma 's impaler - provides 15 ad for every 1k hp , armor , and crit chance . a solid pick if you have extra health from runes/items . the first build you have listed is very defensive . you end with 229 armor and 55 mr . this build would be most effective against a team that relies on auto-attacks ( master yi , ashe , etc ) . it is going to be weaker vs a team doing primarily magic damage . warmog 's and atma 's provides more health ( good if you have armor/mr ) , and some damage , which helps if you are jungling gangplank , it is common to rush a wriggle 's first . if you are top lane , you are going to focus on spamming parrrley instead , so i would recommend rushing a philosopher 's stone . sheen is a common pick , because parrrley trigger 's sheen 's bonus damage . it also builds into a triforce , an item that boosts all of gangplank 's abilities . every game is different , and you have to build vs your enemy team . of all the items listed , mercury treads and a philosopher 's stone are always viable . wriggle 's is very common to see on him , and most of the time will be a good pick . from there , build a sheen if you are using parrrley a lot , or health , armor , and/or magic resist depending on what is doing the most damage to you . tl ; dr : mercury treads , philosopher 's stone , and wriggle 's lantern are almost always good picks . everything else is situational .
there are not any . you will see your first mailboxes ( and flight points ) when you leave that zone . the reason will make sense when you finish the zone quests . . .
weapons have become accessories in diablo 3 . since the game is designed to prefer magic skill attacks over melee , the weapons work like your pants or hat—they add to your stats and attributes , though you may never swing your weapon as a melee attack . you can set melee to a hotkey if you want , though . in your example , yes , the bow and dagger are equivalent . elemental damage modifiers are added to normal damage . it is all about raising dps unless you desire an attribute modifier .
i have played the game and looked through the wiki , there is no use that i have seen for the miscellaneous items that you gather from loot chests and dead bodies . the names for everything is just filler , make the player feel a sense of pride when he picks up a diamond or smartphone . the only quest items you will gather would be herbs and leather , occasionally some other item that you can only get while performing the quest .
it does require steam . the game does not run without it , even the retail version requires steam . how do i know ? i bought it from direct2drive . you can even enter the serial number you get from d2d into steam ( "add a game . . . " ) to get around the d2d download manager .
ok , heres the heads-up . i am a wotlk player ( patch 3.3.5a ) , and i swear by carbonite too . quest helper is mostly just a tiny little arrow pointing you in the direction that your quest target is in , but does not take into account that there may be multiple zones where you can finish your quest . carbonite , on the other hand , tracks your quests on a interactive minimap , zones out all the locations in color , points you in the right direction , and even warns you when enemy players are abound . it also contains a list of quests that needs to be completed in a handy little box . downside is , playing the game without either addons named above is the best way to learn and to use your quest log and map . so this is really a question of " what is your flavour ? "
you want to go to view your wishlist : ( yours is here ) ( not my wishlist ) while viewing your wishlist , you will notice the " added on " line below the title . at the end of this line , there is a remove link . use this remove link to remove an item from your wishlist . do note that you need to be logged in to be able to remove iitems from your wishlist .
yes it is an fps problem and yes , there is a fix - limiting your fps . several sites will direct you to information such as this which will corroborate that this is caused by the fps . it is prevalent with any small objects and even small animals . the swimming is likely because someone 's physics mesh has passed through something else and they think that they are swimming . reducing fps should resolve this issue as the objects and their physics meshes should be more in sync when their positions and collisions are calculated - there is probably more to it than that , but this covers the general idea of why your world seems to be exploding at the opening of a door .
here 's the ( quite short ) complete list : curse of darkness : this was quite obvious , it does not let you see the minimap . curse of the labyrinth : creates a double level , actually merging two layers of the basement . instead of basement ( or depths , caves . . . ) 1 and 2 you get basement ( or depths , caves . . . ) xl . if the basement/cellar levels are merged this way , both treasure rooms will be locked . also you get only one shop and one of each secret room . some rooms of the level may be connected to the rest through the secret room only , so be careful , since getting trapped with no bombs to get out means that you have to end your run prematurely . curse of the lost : makes the current level bigger by one size category . basement becomes the size of the caves , caves of depths , and so on . a little example with images : tipical basement layout : with curse of the lost : images taken from the wiki . also , i managed to play some games pre-"everything 's terrible ! " and i did not get any curse on any level . even if the sample was small ( 10-12 games ) , i can say that the chances are at least slim , if not non-existent , for curses to appear before getting the " everything 's terrible ! " achievement .
from past experience , number 1 is the answer in most cases , however , i have heard that machines can stop randomly in some versions of buildcraft ( although i have not seen it personally ) .
i realize you said " no mods " but what about making one yourself ? you could use the geck : http://fallout.bethsoft.com/eng/downloads/geck.php there is a way to edit attributes of npcs : http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/category:npc then you would save your mod as an esp and it would not break achievements .
to update this question , it is visible on your summoner page on your banner . it will either give you a time until it is available or say that it is currently available .
well , i finally realized what the blinking lights mean . while progressing through the game , i noticed that the lights did go away after a while . i finally figured out that the blinking lights are for areas that still contain elusive white orbs . so they act as reminders to return and search places that have missed .
from the release notes on the origin purchase page : four weapons : n7 eagle , n7 hurricane , n7 crusader , n7 valiant a robotic dog : a faithful sidekick to keep you company on board the normandy . new outfits for ashley , kaidan , james vega , and liara t 'soni . n7 hoodie : outfit item for shepard while onboard the normandy . from ashes : an additional downloadable mission and character .
dragon language : myth no more is the only book i know of . the rest of the translations done online were guesswork done by various in-game dialog and pieced together by the community .
i looked it up online and looks like a glitch on all platforms . i found a work around for it though . if you are affected by the glitch , make sure you take out the last two snipers ( that try to take down the chopper ) before they can move . as soon as i did this , it worked for me .
for one day , there was a bug where mystic cogs suffered from dungeon diminishing returns . i.e. , if you completed another dungeon , then ran tixx 's dungeon , you would get less than 200 mystic cogs . as far as i am aware , this was anet 's ' fix ' for those adversely affected , so that everyone has enough mystic cogs to make exactly 2 minis , as 200 extra cogs is not enough for someone not affected by the bug to get another one . to the best of my knowledge , there is no other use for the mystic cogs --- at least , this year !
i ended up finding http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1580040 and using ppjoy to emulate a joystick using my keyboard and got it working .
yes , the progress is automatically saved and synced to the steam cloud individually - so when you next join a co-op game it will have stored which levels you have completed . this also means that your progress is shared across any computer you play portal 2 on . it is worth noting that progress is never saved during a test chamber though , only upon successful completion . you will be able to pick which level to start at next time you start the game - if you go to the specific chapter you want to play and use the buttons until you have selected the level you want , then go into the assembly machine as usual .
nope . the two campaigns are independent of each other , with different characters , different ' storylines ' ( although the storyline in co-op does not show through so much ) and different endings .
i have scowered tiny death star , and as of version 1.1.2144 it looks like you cannot recycle a floor . the only way to attempt at getting another floor would be to delete the game and start over .
ok , so i had to try this tonight . i could not live with -399 bux ( $15 just to get back to 0 ) . so i reset . you lose everything . does not matter if you paid for the elevator upgrade . and yes i agree it is a free game and i have a great time playing when i have a few free minutes . but when you hit an in game bug that causes you to go negative balance it is quite frustrating . this makes me seriously question playing on a windows phone . if your phone is wiped and you reinstall the app does not have your data and will start over again at zero . so if you play for 6 months and then upgrade your phone . . . start over , no thanks . same on the windows 8 version of tiny death star . on my tablet and laptop i have two different death stars ( dumb ) . it is easy to add a settings sync to the app so all versions of the app have the same data , the fact that they did not do this makes me seriously question spending time in this game . at least the iphone version keeps a backup of your data in icloud so you do not lose all the time you spent on the game .
you can restore it with anything that gives you experience , including things such as collecting riddler trophies or completing side quests . you can also heal by dieing or reloading your game , but those will put you back to your last save point , and you will lose anything you did afterwards . personally , i find the easiest way to be just silently taking out a lone guard .
well , assuming you start in the top left corner and end in the bottom right corner , the longest possible path will be one that zig/zags along the entire map from north to south or east to west . i wrote the following recursive program for fun to find the longest path and produce an output and it comes out with this solution no matter what size for height , weight you input : note though , this does not mean the longest path is actually an optimal strategy in turret defence type games , because you have to factor in things like tower costs and upgrades . more often than not , the best situation is simply to force units to congregate as much as possible in a kill zone . it gets even more convoluted when you factor in things like slowing towers . here is some sample outputs : @raven dreamer yes , i realize that last edge case , i am unsure why its not doing that last optimization just yet , but i did modify my code to include a movable entrance/exit . here is a sample generation of a middle entrance : i removed my program since i figured out the source of error , i will put up a working version later , but its going to take some rewriting . the answer remains unchanged though , the longest path is not that interesting , but it was a fun programming exercise .
this is my current build ( focused around having kridershot ) this build is centered around kiting your targets because of slow and increased damage to slowed targets . as long as you keep marked for death up , you will have a generally very good hatred management . shadow power and vengenance give you the health regen you need to survive or if you get caught in a corner they can help to bail you out . the elemental arrows hit for between 500-700k and cluster arrows hits for 1.8 million . the only problem i have with it is when the elemental arrow splits off , it might hit a treasure goblin that is not on the screen and starts its timer far too early . edit : after replacing the bow that caused elemental arrows to generate hatred it was difficult to maintain , even with marked for death . this build is slightly modified because of the new weapon
there is no added buff when someone disconnects or leaves the game . however , being alone on a lane gets you more experience and leaves all the monsters to you . as a result you can outlevel your opponents and get better stuff .
i currently have a fish that is rising rapidly and at 21km . i am just going to let it keep going and see how high it will go . i am assuming this is some kind of bug because it does not seem to be slowing down at all , after the moon are stars , after that the stars get less and less dense and at this point there are no stars i am just in black space . . . . i let it run over night and it was up to 800km before i shot the fish .
spoiler : by combining a knife and a feather . if you can not find one : just grab somebody 's pillow while they are not watching and slice it open with your knife . plenty of feathers in there .
i have tried it and somehow experienced the same bug . however i have manage to overcome it by going back and re-entering the particles-field . i have recorded a short demo if you want to watch it here on youtube . beware there is a small spoiler in the video : i have a red gun
usually in these scenarios , there are blocks on the ground that you can stand next to . when you move against them , you should be given the option to " golf swing " them diagonally upward . this will open the chest and drop the loot . unfortunately , if you break these blocks without knocking them upwards , you will miss out on the opportunity to open these chests .
according to the official website , unfortunately it is not compatible with the xbox 360 yet . it is uncertain whether and when it ever will be .
no , pix has a leash range of 2000 . if the supported champion moves out of this range , pix automatically returns to lulu .
making money from tourism is a real pain in the game . you are better of making industry , however if you really want to do it ( for an achievement or the campaign or perhaps just a bit of fun ? ) there are a few tips i could give you . important , before starting up any tourism , make sure you citizens are happy and you are earning a bit of money from industry or such . without happy citizens , they can not be happy while serving tourists . focus on one or two types of tourists , do not try to please all of them , it will only ruin everything ( from my own experience ) . make sure you place everything near each other , once you get an airport you do not want it to be on the other side of the island ( i assume this would make sense ? ) it helps to have your workers not to far off , or if they are a bit off always have garages so they can get to their work in the hotels fast . try to mess around with the costs of your hotels/entertainment structures . are there no tourists there ? either they can not get there easy enough ( garages , or lack of airport ( s ) /dock ( s ) ) , or it might simply be to expensive . make sure you have fully staffed buildings , no staff means that they tourists can not stay there ! do not cut on costs for maintenance . only build new hotels/attractions if those you have right now are pretty much filled up , you do not want to waste money on something that is not required ! in the end , it is still a bad idea to do tourism if you really want to earn a lot of money in the game . industry simply beats everything else . something to note you might not know about : the entertainment buildings that help both the tropico 's and you have a rather strange system . the tourists will actually pay 3x more then the price it would cost your tropican 's .
you might try going to the mansion or a store and equipping/buying a different gun ( and then switching back if you want ) . this fixed that issue for me , although occasionally i will end up with two different guns somehow and i will constantly get a message about how i have " acquired one weapon " or some such every time a map loads . : (
the amulet of akatosh is a random drop item . some people have reported being able to buy it at radiant raiment in solitude . other sources claim it can be found in a chest aboard the orphan 's tear .
barbarians and monks cannot equip ranged weapons , so the answer is no .
unfortunately , i do not know exactly how much you must culturally dominate a city for it to switch . that number may well depends on your difficulty level . however , i think i can help answer your implied question : this city is more culturally mine . why has not it switched to my empire ? first be sure city switching due to culture is turned on . i assume it is , but this is an option you can set before the game , so its worth mentioning . the threshold might not be 51% this is what you supposed , and i agree this might be true . until someone else chimes in with a number ( or several for difficulty ) lets assume something else is wrong . . . culture switches are not immediate . the city will usually have at least one cultural revolt first , i.e. both you and the current owner of the city will see an event like " a [ spanish ] revolt is taking place in [ city ] . " this is a great sign for you , and means that you passed the threshold ; the city would switch to your empire fairly soon if it had no troops in it . this has the unfortunate consequence that . . . the current owner can put troops in the city to slow you down the longer the city is in revolt in the name of your culture , the more likely it is to switch . so naturally , if the revolt is suppressed by , say , more troops , its less likely to be successful . i think with enough troops the revolts can be prevented altogether . i am not sure of this , or whether a city can switch without revolting first . troops are the only way i can remember the current owner being able to fight you , but there may be others options i can not remember , like particular government choices or wonders ? consider destroying the troops with espionage if the troops can slow down the process , then get rid of them . you sound like you want to take the city without war , so spies are the option you have left . but , if you do not care whether you go to war or not . . . consider taking the city with military if i recall correctly , a city that prefers you culturally will be " liberated " rather than " conquered " . unfortunately , this has the same problem you asked about taking the city cultural : how much is enough ? i am not sure , but i believe if they have revolted for you then its enough . liberating a city is effectively " this city is supposed to be mine , the people welcome me " , i am certain its what happens when you retake a city you founded but lost , and has great effects : the city does not lose a population due to being " conquered " . the people do not revolt , but begin working immediately . buildings are more likely to survive the transition . ( perhaps all of them do ? ) ( does not apply to your situation but . . . ) the cultural border the city had when you last controlled it are restored . as a final note , if you could liberate a city , and a third civilization takes the city , they immediately have the option of " returning " it to you . i feel like i have missed something , i will add it later if i think of it .
i feel your pain , coming from lol or not , i have the same feeling that map is in the wrong position and too big for my taste ( misclicks when retreating to radiant base are frequent ) but unfortunately dota 2 minimap size and position cannot be modified at the moment . both possibilities have been already requested on dota 2 dev forum [ suggestion ] option to change minimap to right side , but there is no official answer from valve devs yet .
to answer the question about muddying the area , no . if you muddy an area it will not cause the forest to spread as the areas where the forest grows is determined by the biomes ( which are visible when you choose your location to embark to ) no soil type . though , trees do sprout randomly , so go ahead and cut down the ones that are on your map for now . there really is nothing you can do to increase your fortress 's wood production . unless you find an underground river or pool . if you find either of those , muddying an area underground will cause it to grow tower cap mushrooms which can be used as wood .
apparently fireballs from lava can tunnel through up to two blocks sometimes causing a considered-to-be-safe location to catch fire . i had to rebuild my wooden floor three times before i noticed my lava fall outside was to blame . ( since it is smp with bukkit , worldguard solved this issue for me )
according to this forum post on the official forums it sounds like you have to plant the spores on either a dead enemy or a patch of dirt and wait a few turns . . . . simply you get a rank1 ability to make 2 ' spore ' items at lv1 , you take these spores , click on enemy corpses ( or soil ) wait 3-4 turns and they grow into mushrooms , . . . it does not explicitly say how to do this , but implies you left-click place them on the relevant square ( as with traps ) , and there is enough people there commenting on how useful the mushroom farmer tree is without correcting this statement , so i would imagine it should be correct . i have now tried this in-game , and it is simply a case of left-clicking on a corpse next to you with the spores held by the pointer . wait a few turns and a mushroom will sprout .
yes , you will be stunned and blinded for a few seconds upon reading it . if you read it at the throat of the world , however , something interesting will happen .
no , you cannot . sadly , the achievement only registers on the boss kills , and not by going further down the dungeon .
i have a mod which places pedestrians on the road and workers inside the loading areas . they can be driven through as if they were not there , and i receive no penalty . in theory this is a map-only mod , so the same is probably true for the vanilla ets2 too .
you can use darkness to hide , actually , but it works only when enemies are far from you . do not do anything too loud , and you can snipe them out easily . shoot with a gun and they will be alerted and run toward the noise . if they come where you are hidden , you will be visible . it is explained on the tips shown during the loading screens between levels . line of sight is still your better option to be invisible , but shadows are useful to perform unseen movements in big areas with not much coverings . i wanted to provide an in-game screenshot , but could not find one . i instead found a link and you can check the 3rd point in the list for confirmation : shadows won’t save you . most stealth games task you with using darkness to cover your movements . but dishonored puts the emphasis on line of sight — that means you’ll want to keep objects and structures in between yourself and enemies as much as possible , peeking out using the triangle button . shadows still help conceal you , but only to distant enemies . hint : where there is a shadow , there is usually an object creating that shadow . this object , 90% of the time , is big enough to give you line of sight coverage .
turns out i had to punch one of those purple fruits at the top , which makes them fall . they are bouncy and allow me to jump higher . the road continues on the otherwise out-of-reach cliff .
the way to identify farmer locations is to look for crops that contain scarecrows . but even then , they can still be hard to pick out . fortunately , the farmers are not too far off from each other . he is just northeast of the second farmer in that screenshot . you will find your farmer there .
spoilers ahead : several of these enhancements require using a machine within a brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . to gain access to this machine without killing anyone , complete ' get the virtibird plans for the brotherhood of steel ' quest . ( and nab the advanced power armor [ +3 strength ] and blue memory module [ +1 charisma ] while you are doing it ! ) make sure to give to the plans to the brotherhood of steel before the shi , because the shi will simply take the plans , where the brotherhood will give you a copy ! all of these notes are disregarding gains through character creation , and through perks . strength +1 via surgery , +3-4 via armor a strength above 7 is usually unnecessary during character creation . this is primarily because you will eventually find power armor which increases your strength by 3-4 depending on the armor . the suits of power armor are as follows : t-51b power armor advanced power armor , and advanced power armor mk ii . you can also make hardened power armor from t-51b power armor . as posted in the other answer , the red memory module can increase your strength by 1 when used within the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco with ace . you can find this chip in the vault within vault city . it is behind one of the doors which is jammed on the second floor , and if memory serves , you can get to it with a strength of 7 and a crowbar . ( use the crowbar on the door ) you can also use buffout to temporarily increase your strength by two . this can be useful in several situations , like getting to the memory chip in vault city , or defeating the super mutant in broken hills at an arm wrestling challenge . jet will temporarily increase strength by 1 . perception +1 via surgery the green memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase perception by 1 . this chip can be found in the military base east of san francisco and far west of ncr . it is on the third floor ( you will need to repair the broken generator on the first floor ) in a locker which is easily accessible without encountering any super mutants . mentats will temporarily increase your perception by 2 . jet will temporarily increase perception by 1 . endurance you can only permanently increase this via perks . you can temporarily increase endurance by using buffout . charisma +1 via surgery , +1 via item the blue memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase your charisma by 1 . you can find this in navarro , in the underground section , in a locker in the north west corner of the map . if i remember correctly , you need to be told about navarro 's existence before you can go there . both matt and ron will give you a quest to go there . mirrored shades ( when carried in an active item slot [ the punch or kick slot ] ) will increase your charisma by 1 . you can find these by digging up a grave in golgotha , or by killing mason who is a guard on the second floor of the salvatores bar in new reno . mentats will temporarily increase your charisma by 1 . * you can find golgotha by either talking to jules for long enough ( you see him when you first enter new reno ) , from myron when you tell him to ' wait here . ' after he has joined your squad ( he will offer you a favor , let him tell you about it , you can promptly ditch him afterwords ) , or by completing the first mission given to you by the salvatores ( where mason is ) . intelligence +1 via surgery , +1 via game story element the yellow memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . the module can be found in the sierra army depot which can be found by accepting the second quest from orville wright ; ' find a way into the sierra army base ' . you never have to actually complete this quest , it is just useful to get it so that you know where the base is . you must get this quest before becoming a made man with any other faction in new reno , otherwise you will never get into the sierra army depot . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your intelligence by +1 and luck by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . mentats will temporarily increase your intelligence by 2 . agility this can only be permanently increased by perks . every point of agility gives you 1 action point , so putting this to 10 ( 9 if you plan on eventually getting the perk ) at the beginning of the game is a good way to go . buffout will temporarily increase agility by 2 . psycho will temporarily increase agility by 3 . luck +1-2 via game story elements , +1 via game encounter the hubologist zeta scan in ncr can increase your luck by +1 or +2 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . you may want to save before taking it . you can find this hubologist alone in a building in the center of ncr . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your luck by +1 and intelligence by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . finally , the pariah dog can increase your luck by 1 if you kill it before it joins your party . this dog can only be found in a random encounter . if you fail a luck roll , he joins your party and you suffer a loss of -1 luck until you kill him . if you manage to kill him . there is another way to boost your special stats legitimately : ( though it is basically a free cheat mode ) upon completing the game ( or at least the main quest ) and arriving back in san francisco having destroyed the enclave oil rig , you can travel to new reno , and visit father tully . so long as he is conscious , ( he is often passed out , you can just rest a little and see if he wakes up ) you can talk to him and get a little reward : the fallout 2 hintbook . " well , this would have been good to have at the beginning of the goddamn game . " using this book will boost all of your stats and skills to their maximum values . and give you a boatload of experience . you can use the book over and over . perhaps the best walkthrough for fallout 2 i have found , which includes all of these details and countless more : http://user.tninet.se/~jyg699a/fallout2.html
unfortunately , there is no way for you to view a log of what the claptrap says , but he will repeat often ( quite annoying i have found ) . generally , there are only a few sources of quests in any given zone , and you can look up all the available missions in that area on the wiki . you will see that most of the missions originate from bounty boards with only a few npcs handing out some other ones .
gank squads have three primary advantages : high-burst damage , coordination , and numbers . they rely on the fact that they are better prepared than their victims , at least at the outset of the engagement . if you can catch them attempting this early , an aggressive warding policy and a decision to shut them down can go a long way . however , this level of coordination is hard to pull off in a non-premade game . individually in your lane , however , something similar can be accomplished : aggressively ward the entrances to your jungle , where they are likely to come from and play conservatively . since they are not farming , they must get kills in order to scale . if you are premade , and you notice multiple members often missing from lane , aggressively ward jungle entrances and try to catch that squad unprepared . obviously , the other problem is their burst . because burst damage is typically magic damage ( at least , until the game gets out of control ) , a hex drinker can go a long way . any magic resist , however , is a big plus . since they have to be aggressive , having sufficient magic resist can bait them into overextending into a tower dive . assuming you have an equal number of teammates , that plus the tower damage can turn the fight in your favor . even if you die , your team should try to use the fact that they saw 3 enemies in your lane and try to make the most of it , be it being aggressive in lane knowing the jungler can not gank right now , taking a dragon/their blue or pushing down a tower . so if your are absolutely positive you are going to die , try to spend as much of their time as possible , giving your team more time to do something else elsewhere . the ultimate point being that after a few failed attempts , the gank squad will not be strong enough to be as big of a threat .
my first answer was not entirely correct , after some more research i found this page , with some hard numbers : http://www.d3scene.com/forum/other-games/18935-dod-source-weapon-guide.html here is seems like there is headshot dmg and body dmg . eg . for the k98k : damage per headshot : 275 body hit damage : 110
far as i know , bc2 does not support this by default . you have to find a well-administered server . on " big name " servers , the keywords i have had the most luck with have been " admin " and " reporting " . keep in mind that a server admin can see all chat , so it might be best to type to your squad instead of general chat . typing in general chat is an incite for flamewar , and it is more trouble than it is worth . personally speaking , i would much rather see a squad chat report because the person reporting this is more interested in fixing the problem than starting some kind of a " he-said/she-said " flamewar in general chat .
there are several steps to successful dockings . click on images for larger view . set your target as your target . time your launch : a general rule of thumb is to launch when your target is just rising in the west ( unless your target is in a retrograde orbit ) . if your target is not in an equatorial orbit , then you will also want to launch when the orbital plane crosses your launch site . launching : this is pretty standard . one key thing to remember is to set your apoapsis to meet your target altitude . circularize as per the next step . closing the gap : if you are leading your target ( in front of it ) , you will want to increase your orbital period . burn prograde to increase your apoapsis about 5km higher than your target , or until the intercept minimizes . in a similar vein , if you are trailing your target , you will want to decrease your orbital period by lowering your periapsis . also take this time to make your orbits co-planar by burning in the normal or anti normal direction at the descending or ascending node respectively . if you are already within about 5km , you can skip this step . initial approach : by now , the nav ball should be in target mode . in this mode , your velocity vectors indicate the relative velocity between you an your target . keep your prograde vector pointed at the target , and reduce your relative velocity to under 50m/s . as you close in , continue making adjustments to your course to keep your velocity vector on the target indicator and continue reducing your relative velocity . final approach : by the time you are within about 1km , you should have a relative velocity less than 10m/s . hopefully you remembered to orient your target ship such that one of the ports is pointing north or south ( for equatorial orbits , normal or anti normal in general ) . point yourself in the opposite direction , thus making the axis of the two docking ports parallel . now you can switch to docking mode , as you do not want to use your main engine anymore . change your view to chase by hitting v a few times . now use translation controls to line up the axis of your docking ports , thrust forward , and let the docking ports magnetism do the rest . just not too fast . keep it under 1m/s within 10m . as a side note , i screwed up this particular approach because i was not paying attention and did not reduce my speed as i closed in . i shot past the target ship and had to correct . additionally , you will note that i did not in fact change to docking mode . this is a personal preference , and i use both hands on the keyboard to control my attitude with my left had ( wasdqe ) and translation with my right hand ( ijklhn ) .
your question covers a wide range by saying you had like an answer for ' dota-like games ' . i can not say for all of the games whenever or not real money will help you . i can speak for league of legends though , and i do believe it is the same in heroes of newerth and dota 2 . when you play matches in lol , you gain ip . this is based on the outcome of the match ( win/loss ) , the type of the match ( 3v3 , dominion , 5v5 ) and the duration . you can also gain a bonus amount of ip for the first win of the day . you have the possibility to buy rp in lol . so in short , you have two currencies : ip and rp . ip can be used to buy Champions , Runes and Rune Pages . additionaly , Runes can only be bought using ip . you will not be stronger or weaker when you have more or less champions . you will only have more choice in the champion select screen . note that there is not a single champion which can not be bought with ip . you can have an equal amount of champions as someone who uses rp to buy champions . runes however do give you advantages in-game . once you have bought a rune , you can always use or switch it . it will not be broken or disappear after a while . rp can be used to buy Champions , Skins and Rune Pages . additionaly , Skins can only be bought using rp . skins only have a visual effect . your champion will not get stronger or weaker by using a skin . so in short , league of legends does not use a Pay-to-win model . everything in-game that can be bought ( or gifted by a friend ) with real money ( rp ) , is purely for the looks or unlocking . unlocking solely give you a wider choice with selecting champions , but is by no means making you stronger . next to that , ip can be used to unlock champions as well . on the flip-side , the only thing that can make you stronger before starting by purchasing anything are Runes . these runes can only be bought with ip , and therefore not with real money . above things described is stuff what happens outside the matches . in the matches , you have an entire new currency system . on start of the match , your Runes , Skin and Masteries are loaded . no advantage is gain but from the runes ! from the start of the match , you start earning Gold . nothing else can influence that income besides events in the match itself , like champion kills or lasthits on creeps . when the game is over , calculations are done based on the statistics . you gain ip based on the outcome of the game , the type of match and the duration . the gold you earned in the match is solely for that specific match . you will not be able to do anything with it outside the match , nor within your next match . the only thing you can use from that match is the gained ip ( and LP for your ranking , but that is a whole different story ) .
you can unlock the other three guys for arena once you beat it with kirby , i believe . other than that you will just have to stick with hammer/sword/spear kirby . disappointment aside , you have to remember that there are quite a few parts of the game ( namely the sphere doomer sublevels ) that i am pretty sure you cannot pass without kirby 's ability to inhale the grey blocks . also , there are two boss battles that you need to use super abilities to win .
i believe the base damage for fists is 5 . i derived this but have not tested it empirically . i have found references to the bonus for khajiit claws to be both 4x ( strategy guide and other sites ) and +15 ( other sites ) . that leads to this equation x+15=20 and that solves to x=5 .
aram champion selection is based only off of champions currently available to you . this includes all champions you own , plus all the ones that are available free at the time .
after you pass through the " gate " where you met the questgiver , go eeen ( about 70 degrees right from n ) , it is a long walk but eventually you will find a shrine-like structure which is basically a roof supported by 4 columns , it will be illuminated from within in purple , the skull will be at the foot of a pedestal at the shrine 's center . the shrine is due east of the entrance to valerica 's prison . here 's a video guide .
you can try either of these ones ( they are case sensitive ) : /run leaveparty ( ) /script leaveparty ( ) ; hope that helps .
you can order your freighter to take you there by talking to the captain ( enter-> 2-> 2-> " co " button ) . then he will wait for you to land , and fly there . hands off : )
you will not lose the gear that you have gathered . you will lose save progress if you start at part 1 , you can go back to the quests you already done ( in your example 7 to 9 ) . the way the party system works is that you always enter the game at the level that the host is playing at . if they are further ahead of your character personally you will join them at part 7 ( in your example ) . when you go back to your own personal game , you can start back at part 1 but it will prompt you to save over your spot in the game . you can continue on from part 9 , but you lose out on the story line in between . what you can do is have your friend join you in your game and help you kill the butcher and jump ahead after that is done . edit image :
no , you do not have to use the weapon to get the kill . the majority of the games characters do not directly use their weapons in their attacks . most of them are just ways to bolster stats and give a baseline for damage . the monk , for instance , is a highly melee focused class , but does not use his weapons ( unless they are fist weapons ) . that bonus you see on the weapon is added to your cumulative bonus total .
it sort of depends on your graphics pack , but the df wiki has the default images/colors for each stone , as well as their uses . http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/df2010:the_non-dwarf's_guide_to_rock *edit* since you changed your question to refer specifically to the phoebus graphics set , a quick clarification . in dwarf fortress , the graphics set does not include any information about the colors representing different items in that game , such as rock types . the phoebus graphics set is just an image that contains all the tiles used in the game . the colors are set in the init file , and are changed independently of the graphics set . for example , the matrix tile set asks the user the change the default colors , but it has to specify them for the user to change in the init file . there are some versions of dwarf fortress that come with a graphics set pre installed , and these will sometimes change the default colors to match the style of the set , as well as some other settings . unless you have personally changed the colors , or are using a special version of dwarf fortress , the colors will be the default , and can be found in the link i originally posted .
if you are against a strong laning combo and you cannot rely on your own laning partner , your best bet is to keep your minions between you and the other champions and to use your front-most tower as a " third man " . if you stand behind your minions and out of range of your opponents , you can take potshots at the enemy champions when they are open , get the killing blow on enemy minions when those potshots are not safe to get , and reap the experience and levels from the minion kills . you can coast through your first several levels this way , gain new abilities , and buy gear to counter the champions you are up against ( armor against melee , magic resist vs . mages , etc ) . your laning partner will also benefit from this , provided they are not trying to tank the enemy champions past your minion wall . hanging out near your front-most tower will result in minions dying faster ( and getting you more experience ) , opening up more " last hits " ( since if a tower hits a minion with full health , it gets knocked down into its " one more hit " range , and makes it that much harder to get harassed or ganked . this strategy will hold you over until after the initial laning phase , when the enemy team starts coordinating ganks and tower takedowns . at that point , you should be powerful enough to be more viable and will be able to use that advantage coupled with team coordination to push back any encroachment , snag a few kills , and take advantage of their temporarily-reduced champion count to push a tower in a weak lane . if you can rely on your laning partner but you are still not confident that you have the right composition to go against your competition , the same strategy works as well . in this case , you had have yourself and your lane partner buy items that can help mitigate the effectiveness of the competition , including defending against their damage type , buffing damage types they are weak against , and making sure your movement speed is faster . one thing to keep in mind is you should keep checking on the items your competition is purchasing . in many cases , the competition will not be paying attention and will be using general item specs , which means you can more easily counter what they are buying . monitoring the items the competition is using is important in any game , but is even more important if they start with a composition advantage . in addition , if you managed to get a competent jungler on your team , exploit the advantage of additional experience , gold , and the ability to put pressure on random lanes to mitigate enemy effectiveness . above all else , do not die , and stress to your laning partner that they should do their best to stay back and away from possible gank distance . deaths mean extra gold and experience for the other team , which will only worsen your situation .
currently , there is no reliable information or source about the tombstone inscription or its meaning . some people pointed out that the inscription is an anagram for " a epic prank " ( however , missing the letter s ) , which could be seen as a reference to trolling is a art : the purpose of this phrase is to troll people by getting them to correct it ( example ) . a collection of additional fun facts/easter eggs regarding whimsyshire can be found here and here . a little ot : blizzard put some stuff into the game where the purpose of is not known by now , e.g. the black rock ledger . there exist long discussions about it . perhaps the tombstone will also turn out to be another clue to something bigger .
as a general rule : when the menu is opened by selecting something on the map ( such as by q uerying a building ) you need to navigate the menu with + and - . this is so you can still move the main map cursor with the arrows . on a full screen menu ( like the m ilitary screen ) , use the arrow keys to navigate .
aside from what you yourself suggest , that some players simply dislike the change , i can think of one relevant consideration : expansions . while " starting worker rally " sets the worker rally point for your first base , expansions will not automatically rally to nearby minerals . friends of mine who have been playing hots since the open beta have previously complained to me that they forget to rally their workers at their expansions precisely because their first base auto-rallies . if you find this to be the case , you may wish to turn it off , at least until you become better at consistently setting worker rally points .
there are various ways to benefit from aliens living in your empire . depending on the race of the alien population they might give your empire some kind of bonus . for example certain races reduce the cost of ship maintenance , however the alien population needs to be big enough for a bonus to apply . some alien races make better soldiers than others . for example the mortalen are better suited for combat than humans . so if you have a planet full of mortalen 's recruiting your troops from there will increase the combat power of your units . another way to exploit an alien race is by enslaving them . enslaving an alien race will give you a gdp boost on the planet where they are enslaved , on the flip side this will anger any empire whose population is composed of the race you are enslaving . a downside of having aliens live within your borders is that they become unhappy if you declare war on an empire of their won race . for example if you declare war on a securan empire any securans living in your empire will become unhappy .
had the same problem . right click on the shortcut , go to " properties " and then " compatability " . for some reason gog has it preset to run in compatability for win98/me . . . when i switched compatability mode off it worked fine !
jamd , unfortunately anything that requires online play will require live . squads has a local play option but in order to battle against other squads not controlled by bots you will need a live membership of gold status .
currently , battlefield 3 does not support cross-platform multiplayer . according to this article , which quotes the studio head , robert bach , there are numerous differences between the pc and console versions of battlefield 3: limitations caused by hardware requirements causes the maximum number of players in a game to vary between versions : the biggest difference between the pc and console version of battlefield 3 is that we have 64 players on the pc and 24 players maximum on console . . . we tried to get more players in [ to the console version ] but then you need to scale down all the graphics , scale down all the destructibility , and sometimes you need to scale down all the map sizes alterations were also done on the maps themselves to make them work better for smaller numbers of players : when we say they are smaller , it is not that we have cut them in half . but we tried to compact them slightly to keep the action up . judging by these differences , and the licensing/requirements mentioned by stof , it is extremely unlikely that there will be support for such a feature . on a side note , having such a feature would be a huge win for this game franchise , which is in constant competition with the folks over at call of duty , and i would hope that any game promoter/marketer would have immediately jumped on it as a major selling point if it was a plausible future enhancement .
yes , that counts as a weapon . specifically the weapon is a card named " blood fury . " if the " weapon circle " is filled up , it counts as a weapon . anything expressed in the format attack/durability is a weapon , the other effects that can give your hero an attack last a single turn and are just expressed as " x damage till end of turn "
you can get backup . . . as soon as you know traut 's location you can talk to dethmold . he will give you 4 of his soldiers as backup . so , when you then go to fight traut , you just have to open the middle door in the room , there the 4 soldiers are waiting to help you in the fight .
wall grates , like any other building , can be removed by q uery-ing the building and pressing x to " remove building " . now , you have indicated that this is not actually happening for you . a couple suggestions : are you sure the cursor is over the wall grate ? if there is another building is closer , it might be latching on that one instead . if you have successfully scheduled it for removal , is it possible for your dwarves to reach it ? buildings can not be constructed / deconstructed from a diagonal , even though dwarves can walk diagonally . have you accidentally forbidden the wall grate 's component grate ? ( check with t and see if it is forbidden ) if a building is made out of a forbidden object , dwarves will defer to the forbiddance rather than the job to remove it ( damn , lazy dwarves ! ) .
it does not . here is proof from my recent stealthy , super-lethal playthrough of ' house of pleasure ' mission stats ( with no shadow kill . notice that there are 12 bodies found , but ' ghost ' is checked ) : basically , as long as no red ' marker ' appears on an npc or a wolfhound ( dog ) , it will not count as detected . three white ' markers ' will not count as detected . the red marker appears only if an npc or wolfhound has detected you , not a body you killed or made unconscious . also , here are some reports from other posts : bodies found does not void the achievements ghost , clean hands or shadow . completed all three achievements yesterday and i have had missions where bodies were found . source ( reddit /r/dishonored ) other reports : [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
shotgunners have the quickest fire rate of a unit , which is key to using them to your advantage . if they are within range of another unit , say a machine gunner , they will get their shot off first and win the battle ( but you also need to take into account the other factors that determine the winner : cover , are you moving , are you switching stance , and are you aiming ) . as much as i hate camping , they are nice to camp a doorway and cut down anything that walks through it , or walks by a window they are camping . and like it was mentioned above , they are the quickest unit , so if you are having trouble with a sniper , they should be your go-to unit , if you have any .
short answer is “yes and no” . they may spawn closer but only by a virtue of both being pushed away from the civilization starts and because are allowed to be close to each other . below is the homework done in arrival to that conclusion . note , that i am not intimately familiar with the inner workings of map generation as i am not a developer or a modder , thus i may be unaware of any other possible factors at work here . order of map features placement after scouring through civilization 5 xml files and game scripts , here is what i had found as to how the game generates maps and places resources and starting locations . the core function in the script MapGenerator.lua is GenerateMap() . there one can see what steps the map generation goes through when determining locations of terrain , map features and assets ( capitalization and grammar in this and following quotations is sic ) : assign starting plots , place natural wonders , and distribute resources . starting plots are wholly dependent on all the previous elements being in place . natural wonders are dependent on civ starts being in place , to keep them far enough away . resources are dependent on start locations , natural wonders , as well as plots , terrain , rivers , lakes and features . one of the final steps is to determine civilizations’ placements , place wonders and resources . it is handled via StartPlotSystem(); function : divide the map in to regions , choose starting locations , place civs , place city states , normalize locations , and place resources . from the steps that follow it is clear that natural wonders are placed before city-states . placement logic is handled in AssignStartingPlots.lua . how the natural wonders are placed there are several functions which the script goes through to determine if plot is eligible to be a natural wonder , and if so , what wonder it then would be ( quoted are comments from the script itself ) : check for collision with civ start location , rivers and lakes , snow and ice . “if a candidate plot passes all such checks , we will move on to checking it against specific needs for each particular nw . ” check for geyser eligibility . “this site is inland , has hills or mountains , not too many tundra or desert , and not too many mountains , so it is good . ” check for crater eligibility . “this site is inland , in desert or tundra with no grass around , and does not have too many hills and mountains , so it is good . ” check for the rock of gibraltar eligibility . centre tile should be in the water or on the coast , surrounding tiles should have at least 3 coastal tiles , jungle and hills , but should not have desert , too many mountains or plains . check for the mount fuji eligibility . centre plot should be on proper land mass ( not the biggest ( unless there are no oceans ) , not on too small of an island ) , and surrounded by grassland and plains with no more than two hills nearby . check for mesa eligibility . “this site is inland with no grass around , and has a moderate amount of hills and mountains . ” check for the great barrier reef eligibility . it needs to be surrounded by salt water with no ice , and at least 4 coastal tiles . “this is also the only natural wonder type with a footprint larger than seven tiles . ” check for krakatoa the volcano eligibility . “check the center plot , which must be ocean surrounded on all sides by more ocean . ” check for rare mystical wonder eligibility . should be inland . after that the candidate plot list is generated , and for each plot level of OccurrenceFrequency parameter ( from xml file ) is recorded . then another function attempts to place natural wonder at random location from the specific list for each wonder , checks for collisions with other wonders , and records its placement . why city states appear close to natural wonders civilization 5 uses so-called “impact and ripple” system to determine the minimum distances between certain type of objects . there are several impact data layers ( strategic , natural wonder , city state , luxury resource and so forth ) , for each of which the ripple value of each feature is recorded . civilization starts are created with ripple value of 4 towards natural wonders level ( “set a minimum distance of 5 plots ( 4 ripples ) away” ) . but the city states are also pushed away from starting locations . the reference at the bottom of assignstartingplots script ( very handy resource , along with in-line documentation ) states : the city state locations are chosen . two methods exist : regional placement , which strongly favors the edges of regions ( civ starts strongly favor the center of regions ) , and uninhabited , which are completely random . at the same time , natural wonders are created with ripple value of 1 towards city state level which allows for close proximity . hence , insofar it seems that perceived tie between city state and natural wonder placement is coincidental .
no , there is no way to increase your maximum opportunity deck size . even if you become an exceptional friend by paying 20 nex a month , your deck size will not increase . this means that if you want to draw as many cards as possible , you have to return to fallen london once an hour .
as best as i can interpret this ending : the player character reaches the central tower of elvin atombender 's fortress and disables all operations by accessing the main terminal . atombender , the man in white , is driven mad by grief at his inability to take revenge for the player 's actions in impossible mission 1 , and decides that the time has come to escape this mortal coil by doing a front flip off the highest point of his fortress . aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagggghhh however , the game hints at the possibility that the main character 's struggles against elvin may not yet be over . . . the end ?
the matchups are a lot more balanced overall . tager is no longer completely helpless against characters like lambda or arakune , who were both " nerfed " a bit , not to mention tager got a few really good moves like gadget finger ( picks up an opponent off the ground after doing a 360 for example to allow tager to initiate a guessing game ) and a quick magnetizing move ( back-d ) . unfortunately , rachel got nerfed into bottom tier . hakumen , bang , and litchi are all near the top of the tier list when they previously were not . hakumen 's standing and jumping pokes have absolutely insane reach now . litchi has some of the longest combos in the game now other than carl . all the characters are more interesting to play , which is a " buff " in my opinion unless you are playing at the very top level . playing carl clover actually requires a lot of creativity and ingenuity now instead of simply practicing the setup for his infinite clap loop . it is definitely worth buying the sequel , it is such a massive improvement over the first game .
you can get a tank ( aka , rhino ) in many ways . . . a ) without wanted level - you can purchase it , and it will spawn in a hangar in the airfield b ) with wanted level - you can find one in the military base , but that can be hard to get into . i suggest getting a fast car with franklin , then using his special abilities to bust through the gate because your wanted level will not go up while you are in the special ability . that will save you some time to get closer before all hell breaks loose . you can find a tutorial here to get the tank i am sure there will also be a cheat soon figured out that would allow you to spawn them , but i do not think it has been confirmed yet . bonus : here is some gameplay footage of the tank
there really is no good monster that gives you great experience and good loot at your level . if you want money , then training slayer with the highest master is the way to go . if you want experience , then you can try killing deadly red spiders ( they give great experience ) . they are located in the chaos tunnels , varrock sewers , or inside the karamja volcano .
the monkey apprentice 's whirlwind and tempest tornado upgrades blow balloons back . many other upgrades have a short stun - ninja monkey and bomb tower upgrades , to name a few .
mobs that attack each other : golems ( iron and snow ) > all hostile mobs all hostile mobs > you , anything that attacks them ( skeleton shoots a zombie by accident zombie attacks skeleton ) cats > chicken wolves > sheep zombies > villagers iron golems > any player that attacks them , or nearby villagers tamed wolf > anything player attacks or is attacked by in answer to your question , your livestock should be safe from anything but wild wolves and cats ( except for splash damage from witches or creepers , or stray skeleton shots ) .
after you get all the petition signatures , it takes 5 days for the club to appear . so you just have to be patient !
i am not sure about the slot machine odds , but by far the fastest way to get gifts is to replay certain levels . for example , on level 18 , i can click the bomb pretty much anywhere and guarantee 80 gifts . if you replay a level , you get to keep the gifts from each replay . update : i finished the game , and had 389 coins to spare . if i had cashed in the coins for gifts , i would have received 1945 gifts ( 389 coins * 5 gifts / coin ) . instead of cashing them in , i played slots . i started with 3 gifts , and at the very end of slots i ended up with 3713 gifts . that means i earned 191% more gifts by playing slots than by exchanging the coins for gifts . this is with luck maxed out . now , this is with a sample size of 1 , but i feel like the high ratio pretty much guarantees that playing slots will pay out higher for you . update 2: i played again until i reached 80 coins , and my slots-to-exchange ratio was a little lower at 164% . . . . and i just tried again , also with 80 coins , and the ratio was 180% . do with this information what you will , but i think it is conclusive that the slots give you more gifts for your coins .
yes ! right click it with a reusable safari net , the launcher is only needed for mobs with a right click interface , such as villagers .
killing the crew in first phase means they will not be there in the next two , same if you kill them in second phase : they will not be there in the final , so killing them can be a good tactic as they may trouble you later . if you kill them all you will not win that phase or overall , instead the ship will go into auto-pilot and will slowly repair all its systems much like the auto-assault scout drones in earlier sectors . it is best to leave one enemy crew alive , maybe the isolated guy on their laser tri-shot ; because fighting an ai boss is much harder than fighting a single panicky engineer . when the ship flees to its next phase your boarding crew will be killed if they are still on board , same if you destroy it completely with your crew on board , meaning their noble sacrifice will not go down in the credits .
this is a common stalker micro technique , especially useful for scaling cliffs in a group and other precision-demanding blinking . order your stalkers to move to a location , then use shift to queue a command to blink from there to your desired target . this way , the entire group will blink , but each unit will do so only when it is in the location you determined with the first move order , ensuring that all stalkers reach the intended destination . so in the video , the player right clicked the end of the near ramp , then shift+ [ blink hotkey ] +left clicked the far ramp .
i have had a similar thing happen . i found i had to complete some current missions ( story or otherwise ) in order fo the bounty board to update ( despite claptrap telling me otherwise ) . if you open your inventory and go to the quests tab , you can check your currently active quests . it may be that you need to progress the story , or perhaps finish a current bounty quest in order for the missions to show up .
even if you are standing right next to their hideout , i have found that you can not get them with your sword - you have to get them with a ranged weapon . ( apparently ezio does not have the dexterity to stab guards through an open window , or something . ) i have had success taking them out with my hidden pistol and with throwing knives . bombs , while throwable , never seem to work for me , except maybe for obscuring their vision while i line up my shot .
the big white number is the weapons dps . for the most part , you will not go far wrong by always using the weapon for which this is higher , since it takes into account the weapons base damage , any bonus elemental damage , its attack speed , and any attack speed bonuses on the weapon . when dual wielding , you should average the dps of both your weapons , then multiply by 1.15 to get a number for comparison to your 2h . all that said , as you increase in level , the potency of having a weapon with points in your primary stat increases dramatically , to the point where a weapon with slightly lower dps may still be worth using . the best guide for whether a weapon is an upgrade is not the large dps number , but the damage category in the stat changes if equipped summary at the bottom of the tooltip . for more on how that is calculated , see here : what does the damage stat on the character sheet actually mean ? how is it calculated ?
is there a way to resist freezing or increase my resistance ? there is a way to reduce the duration by equipping " reduce control impairing effects by xx%" gear . as for resistance , afaik there is nothing to resist them . is there a way to break a freezing spell that was cast on me ? list of skills
it turns out somebody at feral is actually reading crash reports . i received an e-mail from them out of the blue today : this issue is being caused because the installation path is on a separate location to the game preferences . your preferences data is on the main boot drive of the machine , but the game installation is on a separate drive . we are working on an update for the game that will allow it to be launched from an external location - this should be ready in the next couple of days . if you wish to workaround the issue yourself , please delete the game from the separate drive by dragging the application to the trash , then run the steam client on your main boot drive and download the game to that drive . once installed , launch the game from the installed location on the main boot volume . since my boot drive is a small ssd , i had installed the game on a separate drive to save space . moving it to the boot drive fixed the crash . hopefully this helps anyone else who is running into the same problem . ( note : as of almost two months later , the update they mentioned has not materialized )
as the maximum profit is to be earned from high value goods , i think a good profit making strategy would be to establish trading centres in cities that produce pig iron , wool and meat . adding weaving mills , if possible , will allow for maximum returns from the wool producing centers . so , malmo , visby , rostock , and aalborg are good options for expansion . on the other hand , if the aim is to provide for towns , with the aim of increasing reputation , then expanding to cities that produce grain , beer and fish would be a good bet . since , luebeck itself produces grain and fish , although at significantly higher costs , the options to expand this way are very limited . most probably , the expansion will have to be spread across multiple cities to fulfill the need for each of these resources . hamburg is a cheap beer producing city , and makes for an excellent investment .
there are five defensive stat passives , and especially without a lot of crit gear , this one is by far the worst . if you were really decked out with crit , and were not dual wielding , this could become better than one of the other 3 available ones ( resolve , seize the init , one w/ everything ) , and then you should use it . i guess if you wanted to basically only get +all resist rares with +crit chance/damage , +dex and +dex/vit , and one other stat , then this would become better than one w/ everything , but it is a pretty hypothetical situation as you had have to have ridiculously perfect gear to justify this setup .
as of version 1.1.1932 , there are 26 cutscenes . scenes are triggered by dropping off unique characters with the ' ? ' in the elevator to a specific floor [ as also mentioned in an answer per this question ] . a prime example is delivering the sticky buns leia to the interrogation floor . you can view your cutscenes anytime by going to your album and selecting the cutscenes tab .
first off , in the ui , make sure to click the ' advanced ' button and enable the more advanced features ( fxaa . . . ) . in . ini there are some settings , that even on ' ultra high ' quality are not enabled by default : change btreesreceiveshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) bdrawlandshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) iblurdeferredshadowmask=3 ( change to 1 ) iwaterreflectheight=512 ( change to 1024 ) iwaterreflectwidth=512 ( change to 1024 ) add busewaterreflectionblur=1 breflectexplosions=1 iwaterbluramount=4 bautowatersilhouettereflections=0 bforcehighdetailreflections=1 -if you know what you are doing use this to generate your . ini file . - here you can download few minor mods that can make it look somewhat better , after they release the mod-kit you can expect much better mods that drastically improve graphics ( more detailed textures , shadows , better lights , animations . . . some include even their optimized . ini files ) .
absolutely ! check out this post over at guru3d .
to shoot a portal through an already open portal and have it link to the proper portal , open the portal you want to stay open last . that , or , once you have placed the portal through the first one , use . . . lb , i think , and close the one you just shot a portal through , then recreate whichever portal you need .
so the way attack moving as a void ray works is as follows : if a void ray is attacking and you issue a move command it will continue attacking its target . if you issue an attack/move command it will stay in place and attack its target . \ a void ray will not attack while moving backwards ( as the phoenix does ) if its target moves the void will stay in place till the target is out of range and then move up into range before attacking its target again , at which point it will become stationary until the target moves out of range . the practical result of these rules is that you have no control over what the void ray targets while moving ( similar to the phoenix ) . if the target its chasing goes out of range ( or dies ) the void ray will independently choose its target . to remedy this do the following : select the target you want to attack ( either a -click or right click an enemy ) . issue a move command to the void ray ( either m -click or right click empty ground ) . if the target becomes out of range or the void ray passes it , you must reselect the target to attack it .
no , your cooldown reduction ( cdr ) items will not effect your item cooldowns . cooldown reduction does not apply on item active abilities such as that of deathfire grasp or item passive effects with cooldowns such as that of guardian angel . most sources of cooldown reduction also does not apply on summoner spells unless specifically stated , e.g. the unique enchantment effect of distortion for boots or the unique passive , aid , of eleisa 's miracle . cooldown reduction does not apply to an innate ability [ the passive abilities of champions ] of any kind . however , you can get the utility tree mastery artificer to reduce the cooldown times of your item 's active effects by by 7.5/15% . this can make a pretty significant difference on some of the longer cooldowns . source : league of legends wikia
this is caused by skyre , it makes the ghosts invulnerable when you are not attacking them . that the fake destruction spell can damage them sounds like a bug to me . might want to mention it to the creator of skyre . you can read more about the changes skyre makes in the skyre guide . ignore the silly description of the mod , the guide is actually pretty clear in what skyre changes . have you tried turning it off and on again ? one important note on disabling mods in skyrim . skyrim is not oblivion or fallout . mods are hard to disable on a running game . any scripts that a mod includes and attaches to objects is saved inside the savefile . so in a lot of cases disabling the mods has little effect . ( at least not until the objects respawn ) . it is very easy to bloat and eventually wreck your savefile by installing and then disabling mods . when using new major mods , always use a clean safe , or , a clean game start . there are a few ' tricks ' you can use to more safely disable mods . first , if you are using skse , you can create a skse . ini file in the " my documents/skyrim/skse/" directory . ( location of this dir may vary , it is the same one as the skyrim . ini dir ) . add the following line to the ini file : [General] ClearInvalidRegistrations=1  this should remove invalid scripts . and always follow this guide when installing new mods .
after some quick testing , i have to say that this enchantment currently does not work . i made myself a test dagger with a super high enchanting level so there would be no doubt of the effect if it did trigger . it was done with a petty soul gem so i can see the draining of charges very easily : here are the results from tests , i used getav health to see how much damage i did with 1 attack : night no moon indoors - 8 damage - charges used outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day no moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used night with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used as you can see from the screen shot , even hitting heimskr when there were two moons out still only did 8 damage .
no , it is not supposed to have that many hit points : in the first rebirth , no enemy exceeds 600 hit points ( with most clocking in around 400-500 ) . in the first infinity blade , you could unlock the negative bloodline by doing things in a specific way . you may have inadvertently unlocked an ultra-ultra hardcore based on your actions during the first area . you may want to try creating a new character and noting what you do . if you remember what specific you did the first time ( like say , lost to a specific foe ) , try doing things differently .
you can find the revision history for the steam version here : http://store.steampowered.com/news/?appids=47400 it is up to you to compare this list to the bugs the reviews are complaining about and/or you want to see fixed before plunging the money for it .
doing this is part of the " tax evasion " achievement , so searching for videos about that achievement might help . i found one where someone grabbed the tax collector , but there is also talk that it is possible to " hook sweep " with b if you have got your hookblade equipped ( the tutorial message for this pops up conveniently as this guy 's grabbing the tax collector ) : i am guessing that " hook sweep " replaced the " tackle " move from earlier ac games .
according to this wiki : sleeping is the process of resting in a bed , sleeping bag/roll , pile of hay to fully restore your health , magicka , and stamina . in addition , sleeping in a good bed gives a temporary bonus to magicka and health . beds in player-owned houses provide better bonuses than other beds . if you sleep long enough in any bed , you will receive the " well rested " bonus which increases the speed of skill mastery by 10% for the next 8 hours . if you sleep near to your spouse ( same building/cell ) , upon waking you will receive a " lover 's comfort " bonus which increases speed of skill mastery by 15% for 8 hours . this effect can be duplicated by the lover stone which confers this bonus for as long as the stone is the player 's active symbol . also keep in mind that , as alluded to by ryanzec 's answer , there is at least one quest that requires you to sleep in a bed to initiate it , so even werewolves have a reason to sleep at least once ( after killing grelod the kind and receiving the courier message from the dark brotherhood ) .
so the short answer is that you want to use the filler tiles to make bridges which you can use to slide the extra red , yellow , and green gems across to their proper columns . then its just a matter of pushing out the fillers from the columns until the gems reach the bottom and are matched .
the option does build a new nether , but the more important thing is that it applies all new changes to it like nether fortress with blaze spawner , so you can get these new materials on your old ( before updates ) world . as you can imagine with a new build , all the buildings/construction you have will be erased .
no , there is no way to get the sword . it is a bug or a joke or an oversight , or who knows what , but there is no way to get the sword without editing game files in some way . teleportation spells do not work , though in every discussion of the sword that you will see , there are people who speculate about their use . these people are wrong . there is no way to get the sword . anyway , it is just an arcane great sword . which is nice , but nothing special . there are other ways to get one .
really ? it does not really matter . however , if you think about it , having six workers returning with minerals half seconds faster is not as good in the long run as having a worker created half seconds earlier - as that delays all future workers by those precious half seconds . however , if you need that pylon down or that supply depot out a half second faster , make sure to follow this precise order : send your workers to work create your next worker split your workers as they are reaching their mining nodes . of course , screwing up any other action by a half second will undo all this precision .
unlike previous versions of civilization , in civ v , territory around a city expands one tile at a time . the pink highlighted tiles are the ones that are next in line for expansion through culture . consequently , they are also usually the cheapest tiles to purchase .
it turns out that your friends can see how long you have been online for , roughly - " username - idle for seven hours " .
from what i understand , you have something like this : teal is the two t flip-flop , red is the mechanism modifying the state , and purple is the resulting output . in all the examples , the right t flip-flop will not be outputting a signal and the left t flip-flop will be outputting a redstone signal . wire on/torch off rather simply , a switch can be put in place to force this wire on and the torch off . wire off/torch on the pistons allow the t flip-flops to continue transmitting power to the output . when the switch is flipped off , the pistons retract , causing the line to disconnect and the wire to be in the off state , and the torch to be in the on state .
the way armor per hit works is weird . what i have noticed monitoringthe combat log and procs for this effect is like this : a hit from such a weapon starts a 5 second proc on the target . armor is subtracted from the target by the given amount if another hit lands within those 5 seconds the armor values fall further if you do not land a hit before the timer ends the armor is restored to their original values armor values can reach a minimum of 0 .
the simplest way ? cover the moat with a layer of dirt in the short term . the " this is awesome " way " ? build a " draw bridge " . this requires access to the engineer . this is a guide on the official forums explaining how . the video is excellent ; he narrates exactly what he has done and even uses annotations in the video to make sure you understand what is going on . the drawbridge can be toggled via switch . when it is " on " , there is a path . when you turn it off , the blocks are not active and so it is open air . toggle it on when you are waiting for an npc to spawn and then back off again once they are all moved in .
where did the equation E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) come from ? i see that you say it came from the wiki , but i am unable to find it on there . i do see : for any given level , the experience , e , required to achieve the next level n+1 from the current level , n is : E = 7 + roundDown(n * 3.5) thus , if you were level 0 you would require 7 experience to achieve level 1 , which is not the case with E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) . to advance to level 2 , you would need 10 more experience , a total of 17 , not 14 more experience , with a total of 21 . i hope that equation is not correct ( because i just spent an hour on what i think is the correct one ) , and that would explain why you do not have to kill 1785 hostile mobs before level 50 . i have come up with E = 7n + round(3.5(.5(n^2)-.5n)) - n/4) e is the total experience needed to reach level n . "7n " accounts for the constant 7 experience required to reach every next level . this is the only experience you must collect to reach level 1 . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) the " . 5 ( n^2 ) - . 5n " provides the number of 3.5 increments between level 0 and level n , but ignores the rounding down . because the rounding down is not yet accounted for , i have "-n/4" ( without this , the equation says you require one more experience than reality every 4 levels ) . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) ex . between levels 0 and 1 the number of required 3.5 experience increments is 0 . between 1 and 2 the number of 3.5 increments is 1 . between levels 2 and 3 the number of increments is 2 . between levels 0 and 3 the number of increments is 3 . 0 + 1 + 2 = 3 3*3.5 is 10.5 , and then 7*3 is 21 . 10.5 + 21 is 31.5 the " round ( ) " rounds up some e values ending in . 75 that result from the "-n/4" . 31.5 - 3/4 = 30.75 round ( 30.75 ) = 31 and so you need 31 experience to reach level 3 from level 0 . with this equation , you require 4625 experience to reach level 50 , which /5 is 925 .
there are exactly two ways to get a crobat : get a golbat to 220 friendship , then level it up . trade for one . if it does not evovle , then it is not happy enough . the most efficient approach depends on how far you are from the target ; if you are very close , then a haircut might do the trick , or a grooming from daisy . you also need to take into account which generation you are actually playing : heartgold and soulsilver are 4th generation , and use different mechanics . assuming that you are really playing hg/ss , as your question title suggests , you can get a lot of friendship points very quickly if you have a steady supply of ev berries and money to burn on vitamins ; refer to bulbapedia for exact numbers . however , this necessarily disrupts any ev training you may have performed , so you have to determine if that approach is worth it . if you are able to dump your saved game , you can check the current friendship level exactly and plan the best strategy based on how far you have to go ; you can also approximate the friendship level ; the npc in goldenrod city near the bike shop is probably the most easily accessible one .
the league wikia has a page explaining " removal of stacks , buffs or effects " . upon death , if the champion killed . . . had built up stacks on one of a handful of items , those effects are lost stacks lost upon death ( one third rounded up , unless otherwise noted ) mejai 's soulstealer leviathan sword of the occult the bloodthirster ( half ) cho'gath 's feast ( half ) in the " ways to prevent death when reaching zero health " section , effects that prevent you from dying always occur in a set order : zilean 's chrono shift guardian angel anivia 's rebirth " prevent death " should be interpreted literally . at 0 hp or less , guardian angel triggers and automatically brings your champion to 750 hp . even though there is a delay for the stasis animation where the champion is untargetable and invulnerable , the champion did not die . but i encourage somebody to record a video because that is the most convincing evidence .
the mouse scroll-wheel works for me on windows and mac versions . the square brackets [ and ] also zoom in and out . see : dwarf fortress mode : main screen
your strategy is good for lower level pokemon . in black/white , a lower level pokemon will gain more exp than a higher level one when fighting the same pokemon . for higher levels you would be better off letting the pokemon ko opponents by itself , holding a lucky egg . if you are level 82 you should not have too much of a problem tackling the whole e4 . try and get a range of move types for coverage and you can probably ohko most pokemon . there is also the big stadium and small court in nimbasa city which have high level pokemon you can fight daily , cynthia appears in undella town in spring with level 75 pokemon , and with morimoto in the game freak building in castelia city with level 75s as well .
on windows 7 , they are in Documents\My Games\XCOM - Enemy Unknown\XComGame\SaveData note that this applies to the steam install . according to helpful comments , it is the location is the same for the retail version ( and retail purchases apparently just provide steam keys ) .
blizzard removed in-season demotions as a way of encouraging people to play more games without fear of demotion ( allegedly to increase competition within leagues ) . that being said , the league you are in is just a rough indication of your skill level and mmr ( match making rating ) . if you are in gold , there is nothing stopping you from playing players in bronze league , if your mmr drops that low . if you really want to demote yourself , you can do so by pressing the " leave league " button on the ladder page , or waiting until next season . info here : http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/10117387/starcraft-ii-ladder-league-and-season-faq-5-31-2013
not much of a disadvantage at all , you can easily complete all of the single player and story content with only greens and blues ( but it would be easier with a friend or two ) . granted , you might have to grind a little more for levels ( instead of grinding for purples , so what difference does it really make ) . purple items are not much of a benefit to hunt down at low levels anyway since you will out-level their usefulness quickly . at higher levels , they are extremely important for pvp , because they will give you the necessary edge to win fights . they are also pretty important for end-game raids , because you will need them to survive and get . . . the other purple items . but for the main story , as much as they might help they are not a necessity .
traditionally final fantasy bosses are immune to most negative status effects with specific exceptions ( slow being a common-ish one ) . browsing through the final fantasy wiki i do not even see a reference to specific immunities for ff3 bosses ( most other games note immunity piecemeal when relevant ) , so i would say that is a good hint they are just all immune . generally trying to use status effects on bosses is a waste in ff anyway , unless you are aware of a strategy that calls for a status a boss is known to be weak to ( or , rarely , if an in-game character suggests their weakness ) .
the only friendly npcs in the game which appear outside of cutscenes are spider and the scientists . you can not actively kill spider . when you shoot him he flinches , but he does not lose health . the only way for him to die is through enemy fire . when he dies this way , it is a non-standard game over . when you shoot the scientists you get the " protect the innocent " warning , but you can kill them without facing any consequences ( negative or positive ) . an exception are the hostage scientists during rescue missions . these must not die before all the soldiers in the mission zone are eliminated and you spoke with them . should they get killed ( either by you or by a soldier ) , the mission restarts . but when the mission is over they count as normal scientists and can be killed .
in combat , it is possible to dodge up a z-level onto the top of an adjacent wall , without any kind of stairway or ramp . hysterical strength , i guess . it is a little-known phenomenon because the circumstances for it are pretty rare . that is probably what happened to your ram .
from the faq thread in the official forum : how do i repair damaged ships ? ship repair themselves a certain percentage each turn they are in a friendly system , hero abilities and battle actions can also be used to repair . installed ship repair modules do repairs both in combat and on the galaxy map . specific tech can increase ship repair rate . they do repair themselves extremely slowly outside of battle , as far as i have observed . i tend to use the repair nano bot card during battle a lot to help keep my fleets at full health .
there are a few villagers in the town that will tell you the lyrics to the song that they ask you the questions about . the people you need to talk to are in the milk bar ( the bard ) , the veteran thief 's house ( in the center of town ) , and in the merchant 's shop ( in the top left of the town ) . they will each give you one line to remember , and then you will have the answers for the questions you are asked . if you get it wrong , there is not much of a penalty , they will just tell you something about you not being ready or right , or something to that effect ( i forget the exact wording ) , and you will have to talk to them again to try answering them again .
if i remember correctly this will just break your chain . it will not affect your mode meters or combos .
npcs can kill dragons . but regardless of who kills a dragon ( player character or otherwise ) , the dragon soul will always be absorbed by the player character ( spoiler : except when you currently have a particular set of dragonborn dlc quests active ) . to add to this answer , you might also want to install the run for your lives mod . it makes most npcs hide indoors when there is a dragon attack , instead of facing them head-on and possibly getting killed by , or killing the dragon . mod description : a small mod that makes citizens in a village or city run indoors during a dragon attack . this was born out of frustration at seeing the citizens all trying to be a hero and rushing headlong to their doom attacking dragons . instead , the citizens will run to safety like smart people should when faced with the horrors of giant flying fire breathing lizards . npcs who live in the attack location who own a home there will retreat to it . if the attack location has an inn , npcs who do not live there will flee to the inn , along with any npcs who live outdoors . if no inn is present the game picks a random interior from the surrounding area and those npcs will flee there instead . this should work for any npcs added by mods as well , up to a limit of 150 in the area . after that , they are on their own . the npcs chosen are first come , first serve by the game engine . guards , members of the companions , vigilants of stendaar , and the player 's followers/teammates will not run , they will stand and fight . farm animals will not run either , because they are stupid . that includes your horse .
i guess you are on the " speaking with silence " quest . if it is the quest id will be tg05 if not you can simply find your quest on the uesp and use its id number . you can reset the quest to it is initial stage ( "meet mercer frey outside snow veil sanctum" ) using  setstage &lt;quest id&gt; &lt;stage value&gt;  in your case  setstage TG05 0  or  resetquest TG05  this will reset your progress , quest items and followers linked to this quest/dungeon . use  prid 00022651  to select mercer , then  setunconscious 1  to turn off his ai , he should just vegetate in the place you left him until you turn on his brain with  setunconscious 0  have not tested this so i am not sure what can go wrong . as it turns out mercer frey will still teleport to your location ( in attempt to follow you ) if you go too far , however might be used in different scenario . you can also try with set playerfollowercount to 0 . or using disable then enable on him , similar with kill and revive . . . but try them only as last resort since there is so much things that can go wrong with this commands ( in regards to your quest ) .
try crouching or jumping . if you can not uncrouch or jump , well , there is a spy sitting on your head . note that if you crouch and you were not crouching before , the spy will probably notice the change and run for it , so jumping might be best .
you can use ten of the same gemstone , plus 20 meteorite bars , to craft a phaseblade . all phaseblades are identical except for color , which is based on the color of the gemstone . you only need ten total gemstones , all of one type . you do not need ten of each . as of 1.05 , they have other uses ! six to ten each of two gemstones are required to craft jungle armor set pieces . you will need ten emeralds and sapphires , eight amethysts and topaz , and six rubies and diamonds . ( for a total of 48 gemstones . ) additionally , rubies are used to create the robe and gold crown , while topaz are used to create the sandgun . ( source : http://wiki.terrariaonline.com/ ) as of 1.1 , each of the gemstones can be combined with 3 torches to produce 3 colored torches ( shows off terraria 's new lighting engine ! ) . as of 1.2 , each of the gemstones has an associated ore that it can be crafted with to create a " _ rod " item , which is a rod made out of 15 of your gemstones and 10 bars of a particular ore . the diamond and ruby rods are first-and-second best , and use platinum and gold bars respectively . all gemstones can now also be used to craft new grappling hooks that do not require a hook to create , making them ideal for new characters . the ruby and diamond hooks also have a longer reach than the ivy whip . in addition , these gems can be used to create large gems for the capture-the-flag game , so it would be wise to hold onto some in case you ever wish to host said game for some of your friends .
yes . and , unlike in mass effect 2 , these powers are unlocked very soon after earning the squadmates to begin with . it is unclear as of yet if every loyalty power survived between the two games , but the concept still exists , as do the specialty power of individual squadmates ( i.e. . , armor piercing ammo for garrus ) .
at this point , none of the gba ambassador games are released . there are a few of the nes releases that have hit the eshop for general purchase - super mario bros , donkey kong jr . , the legend of zelda , metroid , nes open tournament golf , and legend of zelda ii ( to be released in november ) . as of yet , the gba games have not been released , and it does not appear that they will be any time soon - according to this press release , they are concentrating on game boy , game boy color , and nes titles for now . nintendo may decide at a later date to add gba titles for download ( as they did with a few game gear titles ) , but as of this time , it does not appear that they have any plans to do so any time in the near future , choosing instead to focus on first party titles for the 3ds such as paper mario , luigi 's mansion , etc , and vc titles from older systems that predate the gba .
primary stats are based on the equipment slot . for amulets the highest possible primary stat ( str , dex , vit , int ) is 350 . for an updated list on every possible stat check out this webpage : http://www.d3rmt.com/guides/diablo-3-item-stat-maximum-values/#primary-stats
every class shares a level ; it is not split between individual soldiers . this means , every time you unlock a new class , race , or gender , you are only starting from level 1 if you have never played as them before .
if it is friendly fire from rifles , be sure to spread your lines out . also friendly fire can occur when you have two rows of line infantry . you can help avoid this by putting " gaps " into the lines - as in staggering them and allowing the back lines to fire through the openings in the first lines .
ammo boxes are essentially a source of cheap bulk ammo . if you will notice , each one mentions that it is a particular kind of ammunition . if you buy an ammo box , drop it on the ground , and then interact with it ( not sure if there is a smoother way to do this , but it is how i figured it out ) , you will get a whole lot of ammunition . for reference , the box of bulk energy cells sold by chet in goodsprings contains 100 cells . unfortunately , being bulk ammo , each one does 85% of normal damage . good enough for cash-strapped couriers , but far from ideal . also , be sure to distinguish ammo boxes from ammo cases - the latter are weightless , and are used in crafting for the production of new and specialty ammo .
a lot of wonders ( if not all of them ? ) show up as a visible model around the city in which they are constructing / constructed . so if you see a pyramid around a city , you know the the great pyramid is built there . it takes some practice to know what wonder is what , and it is definitely a very crude way ; requires scanning all cities for things that are sometimes very hard to notice . but it does work , i use this method often to know which wonder is being constructed by other civilizations , to avoid working on the same wonder . notice that all wonders have different " under construction " and " completed " models . edit : i have found this wonderful page which attempts to catalog all wonders with screenshots of their " under construction " and " completed " models . still incomplete , but useful nonetheless .
you can purchase additional medi-gel capacity from the siirta foundation kiosk in huerta memorial hospital . there are 5 ranks , of increasing price available . each gives +1 to total medigel .
i will provide a rundown of how i did this , as a vanguard on insanity difficulty . so , expect some bits to be highly specific , with some more general advice thrown in as well . your squad edi - she is required for this , so you will have her anyway . most important for this fight will probably be overload . probably best to spec this for maximum single target damage rather than affecting multiple enemies . liara - since i play a biotic , i bring liara to set up detonation combos , which is how i deal with trash . garrus would probably be better for direct boss damage , with his heavier weapons and another overload , but that might make trash clearing a bit more difficult . i have not tried with garrus , though - so that is just speculation . mental prep it helps to think of the fight in two stages : times when you are fighting kai leng . times when kai leng is regenerating , and you are fighting cerberus troops . the fight will alternate between these two stages until it is over . each time kai leng regenerates , he blows up a bit of the floor , giving you some pits to take cover in . the fight right off the bat , kai will charge . initially i would charge him , but found it better to let him close , then do the quick time event to fight him off , as this puts a little more distance between you . as tricause notes below , mash the melee button to fight him off . cast overload on pretty much every cooldown . charge him . this sounds counter intuitive , but after many failed attempts using a mattock/smg , charging him and just blasting away with a shotgun proved most effective . play to your strengths . every time you charge , you can line up some decent shots , and get a shield boost . when kai blows up the floor , he will run to the same spots every time . learn these , and back off when he does . he will recharge his shields as he does this , so shooting him is more or less a waste at this point . back off , get into cover if you can . as he does this , some cerberus baddies will drop in . here is where i would use shockwave/pull and singularity/warp in various combinations to clear out these guys . maybe throw in an incinerate from edi since it will not really affect kai during this time . ( side note - i had edi specced for the chain overload , where it affects multiple targets , so i was able to zap kai a little bit if i needed to deal with a centurion , but i am not sure how much it helped ) . this is basically the entire fight . slowly but surely you will whittle down kai 's shields . for me , it seemed that the fight was over before i got him to zero hp , but i can not be 100% sure . if you just think of the fight in terms of stages , rather than looking at his health bar , it becomes much easier and goes much quicker .
no . rainy weather reduces day-time light-levels to 12 at mid-day , which is not low enough to spawn monsters . this 3-point decrease does mean that , as twilight falls , it will be darker sooner and monsters will spawn just that bit earlier—but of course , it is not " day " anymore at that point . however ! thunderstorms have a light level of 7 at mid-day , meaning that monsters will spawn then . that is just one more reason to not go walking around when lightning is crashing down .
emberscratch mines - are your best bet at meeting goblins its main enemy type in there act i - frosted hils - dugeon if you travel back there from act ii all enemies will respawn
it is in the " modern temple " area ( the 16-cube door ) , behind the large 32-cube door . it'll show as a large black opening if you have already been inside .
if you enable the in-game lua console , you can use it to rename a character on the fly . to enable the console , you need to edit your grimrock.cfg file , which can be found in the same place as your saved games . ( you should close grimrock before doing this . ) the file is broken up into sections ; in the first section , there is a line with console = false . just change the false to true . you probably also want to change the consoleKey line , since the default is a key that does not exist on an american keyboard ( i believe it is the § key on a finnish keyboard , but i am not certain of that ) . i recommend using a function key , since whichever key you choose overrides anything else you might want to do in the console ( for example , if you choose z as the key , you cannot type a z in the console ) . to use f12 , change the consoleKey line to read consoleKey = 123 . once you have the console enabled , you just have to type the following command in to change a character 's name : party:getChampion(2):setName("New Name")  where you replace 2 with the champion to change ( in the range 1 to 4 ) and new name with whatever name you choose . if you want to disable the console again afterwards ( since it could be a temptation to cheat in all sorts of ways ! ) , you can just change grimrock.cfg back to console = false .
kappei 's right , alderaan now has an unusual crystal formations that each yield a rough magenta crystal shard . these formations do not show up as resource nodes on the map . to get a pristine adegan crystal from one of these rough magenta crystal shards , use the ancient crystal tuning device at ( -136 , +892 , +88 ) in the forge on tython ( this is near the matrix shard datacron ) . for imperials , there is a tuner on korriban at the far west end of the lower wilds behind a wall : ( +176 , +4 , -182 ) ( thanks cwsample ) . see how do i get a magenta lightsaber crystal ? for how to use these pristine crystals ! there are three separate nodes with two or three spawn locations each . the spawn time is two hours ( separate for each node , like all resource nodes ) and each node rotates through the spawn locations linearly ; it is not random . node 1 , cliffside on the south fornak river in kaamos territory : ( +1350 , -1300 , +310 ) ( +1312 , -1315 , +262 ) you need to jump down the hillside to get to it ; if you start off at the wrong spot use /stuck to reset to the top of the hill rather than needing to go around and up it again . this first screenshot is at the first set of coordinates , with the second set circled : map view : node 2 , hills near the organa medical camp in the juran mountains : ( +1187 , -443 , +273 ) ( +1299 , -564 , +264 ) first spot : second spot : node 3 , rocks beside the steps into the thul palace courtyard in the juran mountains : ( +1087 , -1029 , +259 ) ( +1076 , -1033 , +267 ) ( +1093 , -1034 , +265 ) here you can see me at one spawn point with the other two circled :
you can just delete them from the drive . go to system , and then choose settings ( when at the my xbox channel , it is the far right item iirc ) , then storage , and select memory unit or hard drive ( or whatever storage device the console is using ) . there should be list of the types of items stored there , one of which is profiles . select that , then delete each one .
no - the leader mod does not influence experience gained from handing in quests , as discussed on the gearbox forum . the experience gained from this bonus is pretty much limited to experience from killing enemies .
the maximum level you can gain is 40 . this gives you 120 maximum ability points as you get 3 pre-picked ones in the beginning ( as pointed out by ravendreamer ) and 3 with each level up . this can be confirmed by a hands-on preview that appeared on nzgamer feb . 1st . also by this image from the in-game manual :
there were talks about a dlc that would add this functionality last year . but later on it was stated that it will not be added . so your best bet is through fraps or other capturing mechanic .
the sage trophy/achievement was apparently broken in update 1.02 , see later comments here and this forum post . there are currently no workaround aside from deleting the game data and trying to trigger the trophy again , either by loading a save where you do not have all the books and collecting them all or by attempting this on a fresh save . hopefully a patch will be available soon which will fix this .
dragonvale used to have major load-time issues , so make sure you are on the latest version . it used to load the game twice , and it reloaded every time another app opened . i do not think ios 5.1 is required for the latest updates , but i would still recommend it . however , it sounds like your specific problem is because " loading " dragonvale actually happens from their servers ; it is thus dependent on your internet connection speed . slow internet will cause slow dragonvale loading . playing it at home on wifi is probably the best way to make sure the game loads quickly , but it still depends on your internet speed .
according to this source , " you get a standing loss equal to the standing you would have gained if you accepted and completed the mission " within the critical 4 hours scope . . . i have no idea how confident you can be with this information , as the source is not an official document ( even if part of the official eve wiki ) . a good part of the standing math is explained here , if you do not already know this page . good luck , and i hope i did not help a caldari state agent today . . . : )
you can not , some missions allow you to play with custom settings and some do not . additionally , some missions allow you to choose a plane , but not the loadout .
as someone who has only played witch doctor and uses soul harvest as a main part of my strategy , i can confirm that the monsters need to be within the radius upon casting . note that the max for this effect is 5 , which is not hard to achieve . also worth noting : it is very effective to charge headfirst into a cluster of enemies , harvest their souls , then use spirit walk to find your best point to attack from .
replicate , morphling 's ultimate , lets you create an illusion of the target ally or enemy hero . the illusion lasts 30/45/60 seconds at level 1/2/3 , deals 50% of the original target 's damage , and takes 100% damage . when the illusion is still alive , morphling can activate replicate again to instantly take the place of the illusion ( although destroying it in the process ) . the secondary ability allows you to effectively split push with morphling , as you can send the illusion to your own fountain or to another lane to quickly move around the map . one important thing to note is that you can not cast replicate on yourself , although if you are facing a shadow demon and he disrupts you , you can use replicate on one of those illusions of yourself to get a full strength illusion .
you can complete this during the n7 mission cerberus abduction , the mass effect wiki has a brief " walkthrough " . note if you are lazy or miss the dog tags ( the evidence you need ) you can just buy them later on . from the wiki : on the n7: cerberus abductions mission , look for dogtags on the ground near a pillar where your first objective is . return to the citadel and give the dogtags to dominic osoba to finish the quest . if you miss the dogtags during n7: cerberus abductions you can purchase the dogtags from the spectre operation room for 1000 credits and then present them to osoba to complete the mission .
as the sizzling summer faq says , how much xp is there for each month of the sizzling summer promotion ? stay a member throughout august and you’ll get 350,000 xp to use . stay a member throughout september as well , and you’ll get another 700,000 xp on top of that . that’s over 1 million xp in total . those two bonuses are combine to make the " over 1 million xp " reward that you refer to . the faq also says that this xp will be delivered by a promissory note : when and where will i get the xp promissory note item ? it will be placed directly into your inventory at the end of each calendar month , unless your inventory is full . then , you can collect it from diango at your leisure . so , the xp is a direct reward for membership , with almost no additional action required on the part of the user .
ok , i am not sure if i can fully answer this question , but i will try since noone else seems to be able to say something about this . i tried this stuff in custom games , so i am pretty sure this is correct : there is no " hearing range " . obviously you do hear some actions , but everything you hear is limited to your camera vision , which obviously means you have to have vision over the area and you have to watch it if you want to hear anything . you should not be able to hear the abilities used around the corner or over a wall ( like in the scenario you described at blue buff ) , but sometimes , you are able to see some abilites to the fog of war ( just like shaco 's decieve ) , but most of these vision are bugs . examples for such abilities are malphites ground slam , maokais arcane smash or lee sins sonic wave . since these abilities are only visible due to bugs , you can not or at least you should not really count on beeing able to see them . you cannot hear skills used from bushes unless its warded or you have vision through other skills/spells , but if an ability goes out of a bush ( like leonas e or nidalees spear ) and you are watching that bush , you can hear the spell as soon as he leaves the bush , even if you dont have vision in the bush itself , or if the spell misses . so i would say seeing = hearing . if you are able to catch an area ( thats not in fog of war ) with your camera , you can hear everything you have vision off . something important to note : if you use a skill into a bush or an area you have no vision of ( fog of war ) , and this skill makes a certain sound if it hits something , you will hear that sound if you hit someone , even tho you have no vision over the target itself . premise for this is obv you " watching " the area .
evade him for awhile and fight some of the other men who jump down eventually . most of them are easy one shot kills with any gun just to occupy your time . keep running from the big man until a goon with a grenade launcher shows up just above the red door . kill him and the grenade launcher will fall to the ground intentionally for you . use it on the big man , 3 or 4 shots will kill him . if you loose the launcher , ( as i did ) then just kill gooneys until you have four grenades . keep chucking grenades until he has no armor , then use a kal 7 to finish him off .
in order to revive someone , you need a special skill from the support tree . otherwise , you will always just stabilize them . stabilized soldiers will live to fight another day , although they take a will hit . this makes them more likely to panic and succumb to psi attacks in the future .
to move the large rocks , you will need the titan 's mitt , which are found inside the desert palace dungeon . to get to that dungeon , you will need to have access to lorule , and you will need to have either rented or bought the sand rod . in order to do that , you will need to have saved sage osfala in the thieves ' hideout dungeon located in thieves ' town , lorule 's version of kakariko village .
as of version 34.10 ( may 21 ) , horizontal scrolling on most screens has been fixed , including the screens for animals , kitchen , units , stocks , buildings and many others . the hospital screen has not been fixed yet , but it seems like toady is putting some effort into the user interface .
you can go there as soon as you can fight your way through the monsters guarding the road . there is no specific order in which quests or areas must be completed , although there is a level grading and in silverglen things will quickly get harder than they were back in cyseal . if you want to level up a bit more to be able to cope with a certain fight , do make sure you have explored everything on the cyseal map thoroughly . make sure you did not miss black cove , which is out the west gate from cyseal harbour .
no one has seen the outhouse or mailbox serve any useful purpose . they basically just make the " i can not open this " noise when you use them . there are rumors on the internets ( actually , speculation is the better term but i can not resist the urge to use the meme ) that the mailbox could be how you access future downloadable content : giantbomb forums steam forums gamespot forums
it is not hard at all if you take these steps . in fact , if you do the following you can not even set them off accidentally ( unless you jump or knock something over ) . press caps lock , or whatever key you have mapped for " toggle walk " , to switch from fast movement to slow movement . crouch . shuffle over to the mine while crouched . highlight the mine . press whatever key you have mapped to " activate object " . this will disable the mine . if you want to take the mine , " activate object " again .
nfs 2 and 3 had split-screen option . they removed it from nfs 4 onwards .
yes , you can . you will only lose money and building time . in particular , destroying and rebuilding alien containment is a way to kill all aliens in it , so you had have their corpses for the grey market or council requests . this is the only way to kill of duplicate aliens , as you can interrogate particular kind of alien only once . duplicate aliens just sit in the alien containment forever , providing no added value whatsoever .
retro levels are " secret " levels that can only be found by finding a yellow " game cartridge " in certain levels , as seen below ( the picture corresponds to 1-4 , which is windy interlude ) . these are essentially " bonus " levels . they do not affect what score you get in the level you can find the portals . once you find a " retro " level in a certain level , you can always revisit it on the main map screen by pressing " k " . there are also 25 of them out there . collect ' em all !
planets in different/later sectors can have different allocations of ore , as well as different biomes not available in the alpha sector . note that the ore distribution differences can be a double edged sword - if you are doing something that needs iron ( say , you downloaded a new mod that requires iron for its crafting station ) but your home planet is in delta or x sector , you are quite unlikely to find it in any reasonable quantities . you will also be unable to build your planet on a tentacle or magma planet in alpha sector , because they are not present there . the flipside to this , however , is that on lower-level planets ( like in alpha sector ) , you are at considerably less risk of murder , mutilation , and mayhem caused by the local wildlife . even impervium armor only goes so far on threat level 10 planets in sector x , but it will basically invalidate the threat of enemies in alpha sector .
generally speaking , for an elbereth square to be active ( that is , for it to actively ward off monsters ) , something must occupy that square . in many cases , this will simply be you standing on it , but if you want to have an elbereth square maintain its potency while you are not standing on it -- say , to protect your stash , for example -- you need to drop some sort of item onto the engraved square to keep its warding properties activated . dropping a single gold piece is a cheap and convenient way of doing this , as it is a low-value item , you are unlikely to confuse it for something else , and you are generally always carrying some on hand . i am not aware of any reason why you had want to drop a coin onto non-elbereth engravings , however , as standard engravings do not inherently do anything .
here 's a walkthrough explaining where the battery locations are . when you arrive at the ruins of st . fergus church at the end of the game , you need to look around for some batteries . quoting from the walkthrough : the placement of the batteries is random and not shown by the crosshair-hotspot icon . there are 5 possible places that the batteries can be located : left and right edge of the rock ledge at bottom right ; top of the mountain at left ; top left edge of the mountain at right and dark wide path of the far mountain at center of screen . take the batteries . then , to see the 4th ending , at the end of the game when you have a decision between three character , choose john . then , instead of interacting with the knife , use the batteries on the poet of pain doll located at the top of a pillar on the left side of the screen .
in order to get the liana jungle award , you need to plant 30 liana trees . you get $7000 and 500xp for completing this . this is where i found my answer : paradise island awards
on the second day in big oil , there are 3 hints that can be found on the map . the first hint is on the computers in the lab , one of the computers will have an inequality symbol ( ≤ , ≥ , &lt ; , or > ) and a value in psi . you must take that number and multiply it by 0.07 ( approximate , accuracy really does not matter too much ) . this will give you the reading to look for on the pressure dial of each engine . the psi value seems to be close to 400 bar every time , so it is more important to look for the inequality symbol . the second and third hints are found on clipboards around the house . one will list the type of gas used , nitrogen , deuterium or helium . each gas will be a different colour , as seen on a whiteboard in the lab : yellow ( nitrogen ) , blue ( deuterium , spelled incorrectly on the whiteboard ) , and green ( helium ) . you must find the clipboard , match the colour , and find that colour tank on the engine . the last hint is the number of cables connected to the large blue ( hydrogen ) tank . the clipboard for this hint will list the cas id for hydrogen , molecular composition , molar weight , and other details , but what you are looking for will show up slightly larger and at the bottom . it will either be " h " , "2xh " , or "3xh " . you match the multiplier to the number of hoses attached . now , not all the hints will be present in any given instance of big oil , so you may have several potential candidates , tough luck . you will have to guess at one or a few and bring them all to the helicopter . one last note , not entirely related , but the intel you can retrieve on day 1 is not be particularly useful to solving the puzzle , but may make life easier for the team . the most useful intels are the airplane keys to provide an alternate , no waiting escape ; a keycard , to get into one of the potential server rooms without drilling/jamming/ecm ; and the shutter codes , which are used to open the shutter in the server room , if present , and to close the outside shutters for greater cover if/when you alert the police . other possible intels include exterior blueprints of the house ( does not change from heist to heist , does not list server room ) , a page of research ( could be relevant , no idea ) , and pictures of the guards or the scientist ( if you can not tell what a person looks like , you should not be playing payday , let alone any other game ; the scientist wears a lab coat , go figure ) . good luck , go get paid .
i found this really useful : pokemon competitive battling strategies a team should not have all sweepers , all tanks , or all annoyers a sweeper is a pokemon that can charge up energy , and then wipe out an entire enemy team with its increased stats . ( such as dragon dance tyranitar ) an annoyer is a pokemon that can inflict moves that annoy the opponents , with status effects , etc . ( such as golbat ) a tank is a pokemon with a lot of health . ( such as blissey ) here are some of the teams the website suggests : physical sweeper , physical sweeper , special sweeper , special sweeper , tanker , and annoyer . first , two of the six pokémon need to also be a hazer or pseudo-hazer . this will be the theme to all of the sets , because hazing is so important that it is critical to have some pokémon doing it . second , a spinner would be a great addition to this team , since this team relies mainly on attacking power and spikes would greatly hinder that . you might make one of your special sweepers a starmie since it can be both a special sweeper and a spinner . also , you might want to make your tanker or annoyer a pseudo-hazer since they are the prime candidates . again , start with zapdos or another fast pokémon . baton passer , physical sweeper , physical or mixed sweeper , special sweeper , tanker , and wall . ninjask is perfect for this team , because speed boost will benefit all sweepers and even tanks . plusle and minun are also great because they benefit your special sweeper , rather than your physical one , by using nasty plot . if you do manage a swords dance with ninjask or a nasty plot with plusle/minun , then baton pass it to your physical/special sweeper because it can really sweep . the tanker and wall are for switch-ins , such as when the sweeper encounters something that you are sure it cannot ko . the tanker or wall would then absorb the damage , sending out ninjask again or another sweeper when you predict a switch . this relies on some prediction . you can have only one pseudo-hazer in this team since this is a fast-paced team , and you should try to defeat your opponent before they can set up their stat changes . physical sweeper , special sweeper , physical or mixed sweeper , drainer , tanker , and cleric . this is a sleep talking team , even though it does not show it . two of the sweepers should have rest , and so should the drainer and possibly the tanker . then , the cleric should pop up from time to time to use heal bell , and it would be good if this cleric is a tanker or wall ( not someone that can not survive very long like vileplume or miltank ) . this is actually an annoy team , even though it has many sweepers . with rest + heal bell , the sweepers will not seem to faint ! spiker , physical sweeper , special or mixed sweeper , tanker , drainer , and cleric . this team is purely annoying . the sweepers are for stallers or drainers such as ludicolo , but with a spiker , drainer and a tanker , you will seriously aggravate your opponent , especially with a cleric . a sleep talker would fit the theme here , and of course two or more hazers or pseudo-hazers are needed . the more you roar or whirlwind , the more your opponent will be hurt with spikes . baton passer , baton passer , physical sweeper , physical sweeper , special or mixed sweeper , and magnezone/probopass . this is really a weak team in the hands of a novice but powerful in the hands of an experienced battler . it is true that roar and whirlwind clear status changes , but a good battler would know what to baton pass , when to baton pass , and when to send in magnezone or probopass . one of magnezone 's traits is magnet pull , which prevents skarmory from switching , getting rid of one major pseudo-hazer . probopass can also have this trait . this team relies heavily on prediction . zapdos , umbreon , celebi , drainer , physical sweeper , and special sweeper . once again , this team requires a lot of prediction and should only be handled by experienced battlers . umbreon can use mean look and baton pass to celebi and celebi can use perish song . zapdos ' thunder wave and substitute makes this strategy easier , especially because umbreon and celebi will not take that much damage from a paralyzed pokémon . spiker or drainer , special or mixed sweeper , heracross , magnezone , dugtrio , and shuckle . if you are been battling for a while , then you should know what to do here . shuckle 's wrap and encore keep its opponent in while you switch to heracross or dugtrio , doing damage . magnezone is there once again for skarmory , and it is nice to have a spiker to take off more damage as your opponent switches since this is a major annoy team . as always , you need a sweeper to take down those stallers . some more terms : physical sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts physical damage . special sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts special damage . baton passer - a pokemon that can use ' baton pass ' . mixed sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts both physical damage and special damage . wall - a wall is a pokemon that is good at absorbing lots of damage with great defenses . they are a good counter to sweepers , with moves that can reduce their stats . drainer - a drainer is able to drain/steal health from their opponent . cleric - a cleric is a pokemon that can heal allies . ( heal bell or aromatherapy ) spiker - a spiker is a pokemon that can use the move ' spikes ' . neutralize your weaknesses for example , if you have a pokemon that is weak against a water type , try to include a grass type in your lineup . finally , make sure you do not have too many pokemon of the same type or else facing an opponent with a pokemon that is super effective against multiple pokemon will be difficult .
first a warning . this answer will contain spoilers for kingdom hearts 1 , chain of memories , birth by sleep , and a few items from kh2 . if you do not wish to be spoiled , then stop reading now i have been giving this a lot of thought , and i have come to the conclusion that . . . the grassy field is not on any known world and here 's why : i will be using these images throughout my explanations . in the first picture you see the field in question . this pictures shows not only shows the path sora is taking , but also a large area of the terrain . the field consists of a large expanse of rolling grassy hills with sparse trees . even off into the distance there are no significant landmarks or changes to this that can be seen . the sky is a bright blue with pretty standard cloud cover . likely candidate : land of departure so , the biggest candidate for the world it would be on is the land of departure , as that is where castle oblivion comes from . however , by the end of birth by sleep , there is almost no world remaining . the world has been torn apart by the dark orb released by master xehanort and mostly the castle and shards of the surrounding area remain , similar to what happened on destiny island . now , one might guess that these pieces of the land had been sucked into the early versions of kingdom hearts that were forming ( even though the two events are a ways apart and occur because of unrelated incidents ) , and therefore might have been restored once sora closed the door , as were the other worlds . but , even if this were true , only pieces of the world could be restored since most of the rest of it had been transported along with the castle , so the countryside would still remain in shambles . and even if it had not , no terrain seen in the land of departure resembled these hills . the hills shown were much larger and steeper . other candidates ? there is only one other terrain that has been shown and matches these rolling hills but it can be immediately ruled out : destiny island . well , not the island itself , but the mainland where everyone lives . it was shown with kairi in kh2 in short cutscenes and resembles these hills . but , at the end of of kh , we see kairi end up on the island , so sora cannot be there . but then how do they arrive at castle oblivion ? i originally thought this was the single piece of evidence that they had to be in the land of departure . but , as i thought about it more , i realized that it did not mean that at all . castle oblivion is no longer at the land of departure and is instead in the realm between , so it is not like , even if it were at land of departure , they could just walk there . and if they could not walk there from the land of departure , then the only other place that world could be is in the realm between . but we have seen many instances of the realm between and they all look very similar to the areas around castle oblivion , not like this giant field . however , if we entertain the possibility , we only need examine the images above . in image 2 , you see the night sky from perspective of the grassy field . it is a deep blue color with some scattered clouds . on the right are two images of the sky around the castle . as you can see , the sky is a much darker color , and is surrounded by very different clouds . even if the terrain were to change that drastically , the sky would be unlikely to change ( even with the kh universe ) . so , there is a high likelihood that these two places are not on the same world . but probably the biggest piece of evidence in favor of this separation is this drawing by naminé . naminé , throughout chain of memories and a bit into kh2 , shows a large amount of control over sora , and those around him . here , we see a picture of castle oblivion , drawn by naminé . drawings are at least one way she controls sora , and his environment , so it is highly likely this drawing brought sora ( along with donald , and goofy ) to the realm between and to castle oblivion , which was already being used as a hideout . so it did not matter what world the grassy hills were on , because they had the ability to bring sora to them , regardless of where he was left . so , all of this leads back around to the conclusion that this world is likely a one-off , plot filler world . at the end of kh1 , nomura stated he was not sure if he would get to do a sequel , so likely he left them in this field with some idea of what was next , but not a fully developed one . once he had a direction , this area became only significant so far as it was where they already were and he needed a way to get them to their next destination . at least , that is one possible explanation for this not being a world we know anything about . .
according to this forum post , the orange marks on your map are " uncomfirmed " zombies or players . confirming the zombie/player will turn the icon blue and give it the appropriate label ( civilian for zombies , and survivor/sniper/other variation dependent on player skin choices for humans ) . in order to confirm the blip on your map you must be able to actually see what it is the map is pinging . this setting is generally frowned upon , as it often shows vehicles and camps as well ( making remaining hidden very difficult ) . it is apparently an option the server administrator can enable or disable .
the greyed out servers are cause by a version mismatch of the dayz mod . from your screenshot you can see that the latest version of dayz is 1.7.2.4 , while the greyed out servers are still on 1.7.2.3 the version listed in the column is the arma 2 version .
one way to cope , which is not an amazing solution but definitely makes the game at least playable again , is to boost the crap out of the sensitivity using an out-of-game initialization file . in order to do that , navigate to : C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\Electronic Arts\Dead Space modify the settings . txt file and set the sensitivity higher . i set it to 4 ( the in-game maximum is 1 ) and that seems pretty decent . there are some drawbacks to this , however . aiming and turning in-game are much improved by this , but controlling the mouse out of combat becomes impossible because the mouse rockets to the other side of the screen with just the slightest of touches . get used to navigating menus with the keyboard if you want to use this method . even navigating the map becomes a challenge because apparently mouse sensitivity is linked to map turn speed with the arrow keys . the game 's pc controls are flawed at best , but this at least makes it playable .
enabling that option will cause the game to use direct3d 11 as it is rendering api . by default , the game should use direct3d 9 . direct3d is a library used to access the graphics card and perform the hardware-accelerated rendering that basically every modern game requires . d3d9 is an older version of the api , but up until recently was almost always the default because it would run on many more machines . d3d11 is a more modern version of the library with newer features , and can provide improved visual fidelity . it may also affect performance ( positively or negatively , depending on how the game uses it and what hardware you have ) . to use d3d11 features you need vista or better and a d3d11-capable graphics card . if you only have vista or better , a game may still allow you to use d3d11 the api , but it will not be able to actually use any of the features of d3d11 ( since you had be using d3d11 with one of the 9 . x feature levels ) .
yes , it will get harder . i waited a few months on my first play through and was fighting cyberdiscs , cryssalids , and a few mutons . on my second play through i went right away for the panic reduction and 2-3 cryssalids were the highest level enemy i fought . strategically if you can wait and use the assault to reduce panic when you need it , that would be useful .
yes . the path of an almanac page is predetermined , so you can learn where it will go , beat it there and then just wait . they tend to follow obvious free running paths anyway , so they are generally not too hard to catch unless they go over things like rooftops and the like where you do not have a path to follow .
this is your ranking . when you complete a cup , you get a ranking based on your points and your time ( and possibly other factors such as how many times you fell off or hit opponents with items ) . the best ranking is three stars , followed by two stars , one star , a , b , c , d , and finally e ( i believe ) . the best ranking you have ever achieved in a cup is recorded for each cc , so if you redo the 50cc mushroom cup and get three stars , that will replace the one star . getting higher rankings is not required to do anything in the game , but once you gain rankings of one star or better for every cup on every cc , the game will display one star alongside your name in races . same for two and three stars .
assuming a 2 human one covenant . part 1 human 1- 6-8 flammer , go to covenant and wait til arby arrives . burn suicide grunts . if arbiter aggressively rages pop replacement units . dont go crazy with the flammers because they become useless as soon as the first rush ends . unless you can occupy walls or run to hooks ie reactors . u are responsible for 3 power either way . you must get this , when the first rush is winding down you must replace barracks with vechicle depot human 2- commit to warthogs til u get 6 . clear an expansion , then go to forge ( he will have 4 and will have cleared a base ) find expansion . save 600 for debomb as soon as arby arrives . have it ready to go as if you are slow he will smoke 3 or 4 warthogs . you can also go ahead and drop it in anticipation of his arrival . the most important thing is . . . . stop the expansion . covenant- this assumes a brute or arby- go weak rush no upgrades to distract one of the arbys . focus is on getting up vampires . without vamps banshees will overwhelm . part 2- human 1- must make judgement call . . . did you beat back the 1st rush without a teammate getting beat too bad or not . either you should go tanks if covenant looks good for vamps or pop 3 wolves and then go tanks . tempting to go expand but the most important thing is supporting your teammates expansion from the banshees/arbys . human 2- if you were able to stop or kill the expansion then it is all about your ability to get your expansion up faster than the forge . it is very dicey because they will also be looking for your expansion . the banshees will be the big threat . hopefully you still have some warthogs . go tanks but rush to power turret . covenant- count on losing units to the arbys but you must own the skys . be careful with your stasis dont stasis just one unit . if you need $ hit up human 1 for a bump .
i figured it out with minecraft version changer ( mcvc . in ) . it is a nice little java app to download what ever version you please .
in this thread on reddit , i found a command line script that will generate terrain by repeatedly restarting a server with varying spawn points until the area you specify is filled . this seems like just what you are looking for . there is also a bukkit plugin named worldgenerationcontrol which can do it on a live server .
it is been a while since i have played that fight , but i hope my memory serves me well enough for some tips ; ) concentrate on the archers first . you can not block their shots and once they hit you you are open for attack , making them such a priority target , that you can easily justify getting hit a bit trying to get them . i forgot if you can climb up to them , if not use throwing knifes . one or two should be enough to kill one . if you have got one , you should be able to get something between you and the second one so he can not hit you . when facing the melee fighters , never forget that putting yourself in a corner or near a wall will reduce the amount of enemies you have to fight . also if you can break free , you can run in circles for a while , regnerating health synchronization . the following youtube user chose a different path ; he just ran away to a more favorable fighting spot :
i have made mistakes like this in the game too and usually if i leave for a while and return much later everyone returns to friendly mode . if you only pick pocketed then it could be a glitch .
unfortunately score for more has been closed . see this link for more info yes there is now a way to earn diamond for runes of magic . frogster have recently introduced an loyalty system . you can now register an score for more ( sfm ) account here . the account is linked to an in-game character , and based on that character 's activity you earn points on your sfm account , which in turn you can then redeem to upgrade your sfm " level " and also redeem for in game items . please note that once you link a character you cannot unlink it . so pick one you will be using , also you will receive points based on the current level of your character so you do not have to start from scratch . here is a breakdown of how earning diamonds work : every month , gold members will receive 15 diamonds every month , platinum members will receive 40 diamonds every month , royal black members will receive 100 diamonds and a quote from their faq : how can i get free diamonds ? particularly active players receive free diamonds , depending on their score for more status . for every full month ( 30 days ) in which your action score account balance increases , you can receive a diamond package the following month . your action score account balance increases , for example , when you log into the game , by 5 as . the size of the package varies with your status . beginners and silver members do not receive any diamonds . gold members can earn 15 diamonds per month . platinum members can get 40 diamonds credited to their account , and once you’ve achieved royal black status , we will give you a whopping 100 diamonds for each month in which you have been active in the game . if your status makes you eligible for diamond packages , you will receive your first one after your first full month of score for more activity , on the 1st of the following month . examples : if you activated your score for more account on 08/12/2011 and were active in january , you will receive a diamond package on the 1st of february 2012 ( dependent on your status ) if you activated your score for more account on 31/12/2011 and were active in january , you will receive a diamond package on the 1st of february 2012 ( dependent on your status ) if you activated your score for more account on 08/12/2011 and were active in december but not in january , you will not receive a diamond package
mallets can only be used in fortress stages ( the final part of each world ) . they can be used to attack enemies , although they are not very good at it . their main purpose is to smash centurion statues , who then join you during the fortress 's boss fight .
starting a new character fixed it . . . do not know why . no patch ( it is tomorrow morning ) and i could get it with this new char . could still not get it on both my barb 60 and my dh 60 yesterday . . . kind of weird . but if someone have the same problem , try making a new char ( made wd , but dont think it has anything to do with this ) .
i think i found the answer . on ps3 , high-powered scopes are steadied by pressing the l3 button ( the left joystick ) . when i pressed the joystick , i also slightly pushed it to the right . this rightward pressure caused the vertical cross-hair to lean toward the right . since i was shooting at a distant target , i also aimed high to compensate for bullet drop . since the scope was tilted , adjustments along the ( no longer ) vertical cross-hair introduced horizontal inaccuracy . i just have to be careful and press straight down . by testing , i was able to get the scope reticle to lean right or left by applying left or right pressure . it is very slight , but enough to cause a miss on longer range targets .
try looking more carefully by the brick wall where you start . if you need more help : you are looking for a pillow near your feet , which you can then use to silently take out the zombie by the car .
the doctor was not only trying to save the colony but was also trying to save herself . she turned out to be half-infested already and the cutscene after the mission shows you dealing an infested version of her . i did not find any noticeable impacts on the decision i made aside from the bonus research though . edit : did not notice this one . apparently the reward is visual . wiki for safe haven ( siding with the terrans ) you get a banner from the refugees . for haven 's fall ( siding with the protoss ) you get a commemorative plaque from selendis .
aside from the xp bonuses , the actual direct effect of donating to the allies is not that clear . i would not bother spending an excess amount of time collecting materials . just throw whatever extras you have to them for the bonus xp , but going out of your way is unnecessary . this page details a little more info on which items are specifically needed for each ally .
if you jump into it with a weapon , you will be immediately identified as a hostile , and killed in moments by gunfire . however , put your weapon away , and they will accept you inside .
from the looks of things the only differences between the two skill trees are , tower of strength ( heavy ) 50% less stagger vs wind walker ( light ) 50% stamina regen rate reflect blows ( heavy ) 10% chance reflect dmg vs deft movement ( light ) 10% chance avoid dmg i do not know if you reflect 100% of the damage , thus negating it , but i would assume so , otherwise the light armour would be much better in that respect . personally i have been stacking stamina a little to get around this as i use heavy armour , but then again i can tank much more than my follower who is in elvan armour . do not forget that you can move quicker and quieter in lighter armour also . i think it is more about your playstyle . also extra stamina points increase your carry capacity .
mmr is not based off of race . a lot of people have been asking blizzard to introduce mmr decay for races that you do not play . basically every forum post gets bumped who ask for this feature . any mmr changes will be listed in the patch notes , so if a new patch is released you will find your new information there .
this is an intended feature to keep higher levels out of lower level brackets .
the horadric cube is not in diablo 3 . given the diablo series tries to extrapolate from a character having performed the actions in previous diablos , my assumption due to the lack of evidence is that it remained in the possession of the hero who killed diablo and baal 20 years earlier until they passed away . the horadric cube would not have magically made its way back to deckard cain unless it was specifically handed to him . after all , he was not in possession of it in diablo 2 .
you get a tumidum page by completing 4 helltower achievements . the other three are completely random , and are obtained by gifts on helltower . congeriae was recently introduced a couple days ago , which may contribute to the fact that you do not have any of them yet . if you wish to farm spellbook pages , log in and play a game once an hour . you will find that there is a gift spawn within 30 seconds of joining a server .
well if you are really affraid of being hooked versus pudge , having wards high ground is the best solution . you can ask your support to put up wards so you will always see where pudge is ( see screenshot at the end ) . then as an invoker you can put an early point in wex just fot ghost walking away . this might delay your dual forge spirit ( in the qe built ) but if you really feel insecure that might be the best way to go . with any mid hero you have to not make the basic mistake versus pudge which is : try to escape the rot by running . if you ever get hooked , trade hit with pudge and burst him with your spell . if you try to run you are almost certainly dead . pudge has a really low armor at low level so your right click damage will hurt him badly , plus remember that the rot inflict damage to himself too so you can often turn a hook into a kill for yourself , just dont be afraid to manfight him . pudge players tend to get overconfident when they land a hook , prove them they should not . another great tip is : rot does not dispell healing salve until its level 4 , so you can use a salve to get some hp back between 2 hit and that might save your life . screenshots those wards ' position can be used to avoid any kind of early ganks . you can watch the minimap to have an idea on what vision it gives . when you are on the radiant side : when you are on the dire side : this last observer is usefull to scout mid highgrounds at all time to avoid hooks ( you can place it on both side but preferably the enemy 's side ) :
a shield worn on the back will protect you from missile fire , but not melee attacks . this does not apply to npcs . i know this from experience and it is also stated on this wiki . note that the shield worn on the character 's back in the pic most likely caught the arrows while he was holding it .
champions : magic damage : amumu ' s despair deals % max hp in a small aoe around him over time as long as the ability is toggled on brand ' s blaze passive deals % max hp when he deals damage with any of his spells dr . mundo ' s infected cleaver deals % current hp elise ' s neurotoxin deals % current hp elise ' s venomous bite deals % missing hp evelynn ' s agony 's embrace deals % current hp in a targetted aoe fizz ' s seastone trident 's passive deals bonus damage % missing hp on basic attacks garen ' s demcian justice deals bonus damage based on target 's missing hp jayce ' s thundering blow deals % max hp kog'maw ' s bio-arcane barrage deals % max hp on auto-attacks as long as the ability is active . also increases his maximum auto-attack range malzahar ' s null zone deals % max hp over time in a targetted aoe mordekaiser ' s children of the grave deals % max hp over a long duration . if you die while affected by this , you become morde 's " pet " for a limited time . nasus ' fury of the sands deals max hp in an aoe around him as long as the ability is active poppy ' s devastating blow deals bonus damage based on target 's % max hp varus ' s blighted quiver ( upon activating the passive marks ) deal % max hp warwick ' s hungering strike deals % max hp physical damage : jarvan iv ' s martial cadence deals % current hp as bonus damage on his basic attacks kha ' zix ' s taste their fear ( with evoled enlarged claws ) deals bonus damage based on target 's % missing hp to isolated targets lee sin ' s resonating strike deals % missing hp nidalee ' s takedown deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp riven ' s windslash deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp vi ' s denting blows passive deals bonus damage based on target 's max hp volibear ' s frenzy active deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp xin zhao ' s crescent sweep deals % current hp in an aoe true damage : vayne ' s silver bolts deal % max hp every third basic attack against a single target items : physical damage : blade of the ruined king ' s ( not available on the crystal scar ) passive deals % current hp on basic attacks blade of the ruined king ' s active deal % max hp and also heals the user for that same amount . effect also lowers your move-speed and boosts the user 's magic damage : blackfire torch ' s ( twisted treeline and crystal scar only ) passive deal % max hp when you deal magic damage . uses 1 charge per second and contains 18 at once , which are restored over time when not used . deathfire grasp ' s active deals % max hp and increases magic damage done to that target for a limited time kitae 's bloodrazor ' s ( crystal scar and proving grounds only ) passive deals % max hp on basic attacks liandry 's torment ' s ( summoner 's rift and proving grounds only ) passive deals % current hp when you deal magic damage in addition to all of these , mikael 's crucible ' s active heals a single ally for a % of their missing hp
a champ you pick , if you dont own the champ your team wants you to pick . so if you main jungle and your ad carry wants you to pick graves , but you dont own graves , you simply pick eve or any other placeholder ( could be any champ really ) , you tell the enemy that this champ is meant to be graves , and after hte picks are finished you remake the game and pick your real champs .
the holy tree focuses mainly on dante 's holy cross attack , which is more of a ranged attack that damages foes at a distance . the unholy tree focuses on death 's scythe , which is a close range/combo weapon . if you have a preference for one weapon over another , that might inform your decision . some people find the cross to be a bit button-mashy , and the scythe to be a bit more ' skillful ' but that is more personal preference than anything else . the consensus surrounding skills is that divine armor ( in the holy skill tree ) is among the most valuable skills . it can protect you and heal you at higher levels . the unholy tree has many high-damage output attacks though . you do not have to choose one path , although specializing early to get divine armor up to level 2 or 3 sounds like a winning strategy .
you can surround the sapling with 1 or 2-block high cobblestone ( or any hard stone block really ) , leaving the top open for the tree to grow , or make 5-block high pillar as shown in the video below . the minecraft wiki explains this briefly : a large tree can be forced to be grown if a " brace " of non-solid blocks ( e . g . glass , or half-slabs ) is placed around where the trunk will be , one block off the ground . what happens when the game decides that a sapling should try to grow into a tree , is it first selects a height of tree , and then checks to see whether it will fit into that space . the tree will not grow if it cannot . placing the cobblestone around the sapling , you are effectively stopping 4-5 block high trees from growing . this will mean that the tree takes longer to grow , or cost more bonemeal ( as each time it attempts to grow the tree , it has more chance to fail ) . here 's a video , showing a slightly different process . in this one the user is making 5-block high pillars next to the sapling .
the scythe will only become available after you have visited the castle . once you have visited the castle , go to the smith in the village and you will then be able to purchase the scythe .
first of all you can make sure that the game is updated by checking the version ( it has to be 1.2.0 or greater ) . the new patch did not add any new skill , so the manor is untouched . every new piece of content has to be unlocked , if you are interested in how you can read the spoiler below ( informations taken from the special items page in the wiki ) . when you pray at a spiritual shrine , you now have a chance to get one of the bosses ' obols , among other items . after you die you are forced to give this obol to charon . doing this unlocks the powered up version of the corresponding boss , that you will find in the appropriate room in the castle , but only after defeating the normal boss . this fight is different from the usual , since you are forced to fight the " buffed up " bosses with a specific combination of classes , traits and spells , each one specific to the boss you are fighting . this combination replaces the one you have chosen for this challenge only and if you fail the fight , you will just be teleported outside the room , with the class you have chosen at the beginning of the run , letting you enter the door again and retry ( as many times as you want ) . after you have fought all of them , you will be able to get the traitor 's obol from a spiritual shrine . then , if you enter any boss chamber that you have previously completed , you will fight as johannes against two copies of yourself . after you have beaten this last challenge , you will have access to the traitor class . using this class to enter johannes ' room will then give you the last achievement , " katagelasticism "
to say that the binding of isaac supports the use of a gamepad would be a slight exaggeration . the latest patch for the game added control options to the game , which looks like this : and as you can see , the game specifically tells you to use one of the many gamepad to keyboard solutions out there , specifically joytokey . this thread describes the alternative of using controlmk , with specific instructions and even a ready-made setup profile for the game ( though i can not vouch for its quality as i have never tried it ) . the thread also mentions xpadder , as per kalamane 's answer . i personally use the ds3 tool and a dualshock 3 ( i actually prefer the keyboard , but my keyboard has some key-locking issues so i can not walk diagonally and shoot right at the same time ) .
you just need an area with a large number of snow blocks , around 500 will get you the most snow , any more should be unnecessary . you can use programs like tedit to edit your map to have enough blocks . or you can put them in your inventory using terrariviewer and place them manually .
no changes have been applied for the collision check between nautilus ' q and player created terrain , however , they are looking for it . but for now , nautilus ' q does not hit jarvan iv 's cataclysm terrain .
it seems to be something related to co-op gaming . from destiny wiki : orbs of light are glowing balls of energy generated by other guardians when they use their super abilities . orbs can be picked up by any other player in the fireteam , and provide a large boost to a player 's super ability recharge meter . 1 the super ability recharge boost when the player picks up an orb appears to be larger than the boost that players receive from kills , time , or other actions . orbs of light do not appear to serve any other function , and are a cooperative gameplay mechanic designed to encourage players to play in fireteams and reward them for working together .
it changes the look of the game by adding effects like floor lights and turning coins . the game will reload if you press it .
i just created a desktop for q.u.b.e. and it also shows just a blank icon . to change the icon right click the shortcut and select proeperties . on the webdocument tab you have a button to change the icon . on the dialog that opens when you click the button locate the . exe of the game and choose an icon , if more than one are available . ( for q.u.b.e. you find the . exe in \steam\steamapps\common\qube\binaries\win64\qube . exe ) i do not think there is a method to fix the icon for shortcuts in one go .
both the unit and the equipment are lost when you stomp your own unit . if you want to save the unit and equipment you will need to revive them with a healer or an item that has that ability .
ksp includes a " debug menu " , which you can access with Alt + F12 . from within this menu there is an option to disable gravity . once gravity is off , go to the kerbal you need to save and use the eva pack to gently lower them to the ground . you can read more about the debug menu here
thanks to everyone who tried to help me out here ! i seem to have found out the answer on my own though . as far as whether or not the blank world on spawn is intentional , i do believe that it is . the intention is that you will go and download the world file form this curseforge link uploaded by jadedcat , and put it in your saves folder ( roughly under the agrarianskieshq folder , then the minecraft folder in there , unless you changed it at all . as to where this folder is , it really depends on where you put your ftb folder when you downloaded the ftb launcher and ran it for the first time ) . the one that i was looking for ( and mostly likely the one any singleplayer would want ) was the " home . zip " download . this is the map with a barn and what-not , the one that was showcased on the minecraft forum blog for a bit . after this , unzip the file ( it has been a bit , but i believe that you need to unzip it ) in the saves folder , delete the zip if you so choose , launch agskies , and select the newly included map . voila ! there is land ! this worked for me , but i will see if it works for others before i mark the question as answered .
no in both cases . when a castle gets a ruler with a new culture , then culture-specific buildings are lost forever , you should start anew . and it is not a bug .
constitution , at the very least in the gba series of sealed sword/binding blade , blazing sword and sacred stones , affects two things : the ability to wield tomes and weaponry without a speed penalty and to determine if a unit can be rescued by another unit ( this does not apply to the rescue or warp staff . ) so , depending on how you want to lay out your strategies , you might want to give just enough constitution to units with very low constitution so that they can wield certain weapons without the speed penalty . the penalty is determined by the weight of the weapon or tome , and if the difference of x in x = con - wt is negative , then the unit loses that much speed in the battle calculations . in sacred stones , lute is a good example of a unit that benefits from some , but not much , constitution . with a base 3 constitution , she suffers from a penalty from most tomes . take , for example , if lute were to wield the fimbulvetr tome ( wt 12 ) with her base constitution as a sage ( con 3 + 1 due to promotion bonus ) , she had suffer a whopping -8 penalty to her speed when attacking with that tome . therefore , if you want lute to be mobilized around the map by say , pegasus knights , increasing her constitution just a little bit so that the penalty is not that great or is totally negated is a good idea . on the back side , as a rather frail unit , she might not be able to be rescued by other units with less constitution . evaluate your choices in strategies and plan accordingly .
you should be fine healing in shadow specialisation at low levels , especially if you are only using shadow spec until you get dual specialisation , which is level 30 or so now . at those levels you should have no problems at all keeping the party up . that being said , up until dual specialisation level discipline does perfectly sufficient dps and would actually be quicker to level with because of the mana issues you suffer at lower levels as shadow . either way you choose to go , the way you had go about it would simply be keep power word : shield up on the tank as much as possible . for healing it depends if you choose to stick with shadow or go with discipline , but as shadow you will be using flash heal and as discipline you will be going with penance .
looks to me like a custom grid layout with clique for click casting . this is what i use . i prefer making my own bar layouts and debuff trackers over healbot . grid has a ton of extra addons to make it even more robust . if you watch the ui video that the same user has posted here he confirms that he uses grid .
yes , he would have to have his own steam account and buy the game separately if you want to track achievements independently . a single steam account is intended to be used by a single person only , so it is not surprising this is how it works .
to be functional , a stairway needs stairs in both levels ( above and below ) , here 's an example : you can create stairways with two methods : either through mining ( d ) or through the construction menu ( b c ) . use the mining menu when there is rock or soil at the location of the future stairway . use the construction menu when there is nothing at the target location . if you have already mined out a level and you need to access the floor above , you will need to create an up stairway ( b c u ) . if there is a natural floor above you will need to mine it out ( d j ) to have both parts of the stairway . if there is no floor above ( the tile has been channeled or maybe you are building a tower ) , construct a down stairway ( b c d ) on the level above your up stairway . see the example of the construction of a tower on magmawiki for further reading .
the bird will fly by once in a while at random , there is no set time and no way to make it appear . look for something that resembles a seagull flying over your little town , and tap on it to fire away .
there is not a clear answer , as it depends on circumstances . the game keeps a population of each kind of chicken , and every interval it breeds some , and every interval ( a different one ) robots kill some . a bit into the game you can learn the skill statistics that will allow you to see the population of each kind of chicken . here come the numbers : every breed interval ( 2 seconds default , 1.75 sec with medicine ) , the chickens breed . every kind 's population grows by current_kind_population/1000 , up to the maximum of 999999999999 . robots run every 3 seconds and each one of them kills between 2 and 10 normal chickens , between 1 and 6 iron chickens and between 0 and 2 gold chickens ( all ranges are inclusive ) . therefore , to make sure your ( for example normal chicken ) population is not hunted out , the following must hold : normal_chicken_pop/1000 * 3 &gt;= number_of_robots * 10 * 2  where the 10 on the right side is the maximum of normal chickens the robots can hunt , and the 2 and 3 are to make both respective time intervals the same length ( with no medicine ) . similar process applies to other kinds of chickens . source : the game code
the are not . you get the same proc chance regardless of your weapon speed . check out http://www.lurkerlounge.com/forums/thread-13842.html , they have a discussion about stunlocking monsters . do note that crowd-control effects on bosses do not last as long , and on higher difficulties even normal monsters are more resilient to crowd-control .
climates of tamriel changes lighting significantly , so you have to use an enb preset that is designed to be compatible with cot . several are listed in the description page of cot , toward to bottom under " enb presets " . uninstall your current preset and use one of those instead .
i believe marrakech is the capital province . it is hard to see in your photo , but i think you will see a crown on top of a pole coming out of the map in that province -- that indicates it is a national capitol . you would receive that province as part of a full annexation , but you can not just take the capital as if it were any other province .
i had a ralink based wireless card too and in particular with windows 7 i had plenty of problems . high ping , disconnections , and so on . my first suggestion is to try to connect directly to the modem with an ethernet patch , only to verify that using this connection the ping problem is solved . if it helps i can say that in my case i solved the problem without doing holes around , but i simply bought a couple of netgear powerline/ethernet adapters that worked perfectly .
no there is no tool to enable you to jump/scroll directly to a point . however , you can speed up the replay speed more than the standard x8 using replay seeker . warning : it can still be buggy .
in general , if i pass an obstacle that my follower can not navigate , i can walk up ahead a bit then rest for an hour . this almost always forces your follower to teleport beside you .
kill skills are only activated off of kills you get yourself . even if a human or ai ally nets a kill , you are not granted any temporary bonuses .
updated for two cities ! in short : scouts : pick up money . they have a huge pickup radius . no money means no upgrades and you can not win without those . money picked up by scouts grants overheal with no cap . pick up the money throw milk to slow groups ( with upgrades ) . use the fan o` war or upgraded sandman to mark giants . use the force a nature to push bomb carriers into pits or reset it entirely ! attack single medics who have already popped uber eliminate pesky snipers , spies , etc . in hard to reach areas . distract giants into shooting ( and missing ) you and not your teammates soldier damage waves of enemies and attack the tank . kritz is useful here . stun giants , especially scouts and medics , with the rocket specialist upgrade can rocket jump to move quickly and reach pesky enemies ( snipers , spies , engineers , scouts with the bomb ) . buff banner to give everyone mini-crits . pyro damage waves of enemies . kritz is very useful here . attack the tank with the phlog . ammo refills are very useful here specifically ignite enemies and run away , letting afterburn do a lot of damage to enemies ( especially fast scouts ) . airblast the bomb carrier and juggle ubers . airblasts can buy more time if the bomb carrier is on the hatch . it can also blow the bomb carrier off of bridges or into holes , either delaying the bomb or forcing a reset . note not all maps have holes/hatches for resetting generally as front line attacker , they can also pick up money . spy checks . demoman set sticky traps . combine this with a before round kritz to lay effective traps for tanks , groups of medics , giants , etc . you will use your sticky launcher more than your pipe launcher . damage waves of enemies and attack the tank . kritz is very useful here sticky jump to move around and clear out snipers , spies , bomb carriers , etc . heavy your main attacker . the heavy shoots down waves of enemies and damages the tank and giants . give him kritz and ammo . give your sandvich to a teammate . use knockback rage to delay forward progression of the bomb carrier stand near corners/tight areas and body block giants , especially super scouts . engineer set up sentry guns . sentries , like the heavy , are your main damage dealing to enemies . keep it alive . watch for sentry busters ! set up dispensers . generally left by the heavy and the engineer picks up their own metal . it also heals hurt teammates near the front lines . set up teleporters . after death , teleporters save valuable time that would be wasted walking . use the wrangler to shoot down snipers from a distance safely . use the short circuit to destroy projectiles from enemy soldiers and demos . can setup the sentry gun near a corner/tight areas to body block giants , especially super scouts . medic heal and keeps the team alive . duh . . kritz/uber ( from medigun or shared canteens upgrade ) to mow down the enemy . kritz the heavy or pyro for tanks . kritz a demo before the round to lay crit sticky traps . use the shield to protect teammaters from incoming damage . very useful , use this as much as possible . can be used to clear a wave of regular robots or spies from a crowd . revive fallen teammates . when players die they drop a box on the ground with a hologram of their class . medics can " heal " that box and revive players . sniper headshot giants for extra damage . combine with explosive headshots to clear groups of robots . throw jarate to give more damage to giants or waves of enemies . will slow if the upgrade is chosen for it . sydney sleeper gives jarate effect to giants and other enemies . counter snipe other snipers . spy sap waves of enemies . the sap also reduces giant 's armor and speed . this is very important for waves with giants and uber medics . stab giants . in later waves , with many upgrades , you can stab giants for high damage before they turn and shoot you . you can solo giant medics as they will not turn around . stab groups of enemies , especially sapped ones or medics . destroy robot engineer nests . pick up money . as a front line attacker with a disguise the spy can easily pick up money . go after pesky snipers . a general setup for the two cities maps is engineer , heavy , scout , medic , demo and soldier . this is flexible but the most common and successful setup i have seen . generally snipers are not favored . map selection and current wave lineup can favor or handicap other classes like pyro , spy , sniper , etc . generally a scout switches to a different class on the last wave and refunds their upgrades for whatever is needed ( phlog pyro for tanks , spy for giants , second heavy , etc . ) this is all from my general experience in playing . there is more i am sure i am missing which i will add later . keep in mind everyone plays the classes a little different : some scouts like to use bonk , some soldiers like to use the concherer , etc .
two things : the pokemon will be coloured differently . for some pokemon , this can be a drastic change , while others there can be a very mild difference . when the pokemon enters battle , a little sparkling animation will occur , along with a unique sound . blue stars will come out of the pokemon .
weapons with gauss attachment are effective agenst the pinger . useing the jaw is a quick way of dispatching them but if thats not an option you can do haveing four c4 pack attached uppon the pinger 's weak spot in the back . but all the c4 has to be detonated at the same time if the c4 is detonated seperate it wont kill the pinger . as for the question title yes the pinger is really weaker in the back for other strategies check the wiki source and wiki ( stated above ) : http://crysis.wikia.com/wiki/ceph_pinger
yes , you can transport horses through the nether . i have successfully transported horses from one base to another via paths through the nether , avoiding oceans , so i know they can go through the gate . it is a little tricky getting them through ; for whatever reason , i found that when handling several horses , they would avoid going through the direction i was pushing them but easily wander back out of the nether on their own . pretty sure that is a quirk of randomness , but you will want to have leads and fenceposts handy so you can immediately confine them far enough away from the portal that they do not walk back out . i play in multiplayer primarily , so i found it handy to have one person behind the horses pushing and one person in the nether grabbing them with leads . the leads will break when you and your horse are in opposite dimensions , so it is not exactly trivial to go through . they will not go through while being ridden , so you have to make do with pushing and pulling . i ran a test just now ; horses are definitely affected by soul-sand . splash potions of slowness are a lot less effective : i could hardly tell a difference in horse speed , but the particle effect indicated the horse was being affected by the potion . they also have trouble with one-block-wide tunnels and even two-block-wide tunnels sometimes , particularly around corners , so it is recommended you carve a three-wide , three- or four-tall path for riding in the nether .
i ended up buying the wii u version . i play on the gamepad , and if anyone joins me they use a regular wii remote + nunchuck . switching characters and using the map is a lot easier using the gamepad . i zoom around the map and pick from the gigantic list of characters simply by tapping and dragging on the gamepad , without ever opening a menu on screen . the other player has to struggle with tiny menus ( because of the split screen ) and an intrusive map . i think another difference between the wii u version and the ps3 version is the lack of dlc for the wii u , but i can not really find a lot of information about that . it could be that the dlc characters are already available to unlock on the wii u using a code . so , i would say that character selection and map on the gamepad is the main difference between the wii u version and other versions ( except maybe for the 3ds ) .
do not itemize just for dragon/baron control , because you will think you are doing it sneaky , having warded and dewarded around drake and doing it solo jungler , but if the enemy team/jungler guesses it your itemisation will not help much in a smite fight . nunu can solo drake from lvl 6 onwards , if you are willing to use your ult to get some of that huge dmg that would be too long to do over time , because e is not so good as a damaging spell ( cooldownwise , else it is a good spell in a burst combo ) . his q is of course very good , but the cd is way too long , and i would suggest you keep it for doublesmiting drake or baron . i would never solo baron as nunu , even in a bot game when you are super fed , because that is something only ad hypercarries can do , like master yi and ads with insane sustain . duo baron with hypercarry like vayne can work very well because nunu tanks well and can boost as . it should work any time from mid game onwards if you or your carry are not so far behind . but always keep in mind that the presence/absence of the adc and his last seen position are the more important pieces of information for the enemy team . do a ap/tanky build , get spirit of the spectral wraith early . the equilibrium between ap and tanky will depend on enemy team comp and yours , if you lack apcs , get some ap and play sneakier to get those ult traps that can turn games at lower elos . i would personnally get mega tanky items that allow me to reach the 40% cdr cap that is very important to keep your carry on steroids and perma-slow an enemy . that and of course , great sustain and q buffs easily , and ult available every fight or so .
in addition to doomsayer , kel-thuzad apparently does not let you play any minion-wiping cards , such as equality . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/the_four_horsemen also , kel'thuzad will not let you play alexstrasza against loatheb , which would make that encounter significantly easier . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/loatheb_(hero) there may be additional restrictions , bearing in mind that 2 more areas are not released yet .
yes . its name is lydia . there are two " sort of " answers to this question . first off , as noted , you can use followers as portable storage . the other option is to put your uncarriables onto a convenient nearby dead body and then use one of the raise zombie line of conjuration spells , recasting as needed . edit : on a closer read , you definitely seem to want option two . you can even tell your follower to loot your " skeever suitcase " when you are done with it .
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
obviously missile turrets just are not good enough , as they are designed to stop harass ( 3-4 muta ) and not larger pushes . a large number of people will tell you thors are the answer , and with their bonus to light and aoe this seems reasonable . let 's take a moment to consider this . mutalisk vs thor . first i am going to need to pull in some numbers from a spreadsheet . we can see that mutalisks get 8.15 dps and thors get 16 dps vs light air . so already thors have an advantage . additionally , with splash , the thor hits more than one muta at a time . so this reasonable assumption seems to hold up very well . let us pretend we are jane goodhall for a moment and observe this match up in the wild . i happen to have a good match : sen vs demuslim ( you can fast forward to 10 minutes in ) . strangely the marine/thor combo seems to die out to a pure muta approach . now part of this can be attributed to sen 's excellent play , but demuslim is a very good player so that can not be the reason ( where as sen could stomp me with any unit ) . so why are thors dying ? well sen will attack with muta ratios of 4:1 or 5:1 , well beyond the cost ratio . demuslim never seems to be able to field enough thors . this is largely a result of the thor 's long build time ( compared to muta coming out of hatcheries ) , and slow speed . demuslim tries to compliment this with dropships , but those are more cost with no real combat benefit . what is more demuslim is forced into making slow pushes against a very mobile zerg force . by comparison , its very easy for sen to build a lot of expansions and just get gas out of them , allowing for a more gas heavy force ( remember gas is our limiting fact for building ) . i will not ruin the end of the match , but at the very least we can see that thors seem to die out to mutalisks outside of the 30 vs 90 scenario . so what is a terran to do ? well you can compliment your thors with scvs , but what you really need is more damage . luckily enough there is a very cheap way for terran to get more damage . marines ! stimmed marines are very effective vs mutalisks . what is more they have no additional gas cost . what is more those medivacs that you are carrying thors around in really boost the survivability of those marines . the best part is , there is no terran strategy which does not allow for easy production of marines . i would also add that building turrets is a very cheap way to slow down a mutalisk attack and give your marine/thor forces time to get into position . finally , its worth noting that the first 2 points of armor do double work against mutalisks as they reduce bounce damage as well . i wrote this answer before idra vs tarson in iem when idra debut the " magic box . " the magic box is a technique that zerg can use to keep mutalisks spread out as the engage thors to minimize splash . to execute the " magic box " you do the following : group your muta and send them to a location tell your muta to stop s wait till your mutalisks spread out , they will be far enough apart as to take no thor splash move m ( do not attack move ) to the thor tell your muta to stop s or hold h above the thor note : that thors will do a lot of damage to muta without splash , however , this should significantly increase the muta survivability . source material i originally wrote this post to debunk the idea that thors hard counter mutalisks . in my rush to do so i forgot to provide a very good counter : ghosts . once again let me provide viewing materia : jinro vs blank . its worth noting that all zerg units are biological and thus the ghost ability " snipe " is effective against all of them . however , ghost dps is fairly low ( 6.67 ) and only really improves vs light ( 13.33 ) and are actually more cost effective vs mutalisks than thors ( though at lower hp ) . however , what really makes them work is that " snipe . " snipe is worth 45 hp ( goes through armor ) for 25 energy , which means a full ghost can snipe 3.6 mutalisks worth of damage ( at only 1.5 the cost ) . what is more ghosts have a faster build time ( 40s vs the thor 's 60s ) ; are built out of baracks ( so synergize nicely with mmm play ) ; can be healed by medivac ; and even go invisible to get the jump . finally , when compared to marines , ghosts are not light ( they have no armor type ) and have 100 hp ( twice the hit points ) , so are not as susceptible to banelings ( though are very weak against muta into roach ) .
no , there is no way to play it in widescreen with the correct aspect ratio .
you have to unlock them through the level grid system . as far as i remember , mahopon it is unlocked after you unlock the penguin patapon .
here is an alternative research tree that you might find userful http://www.xdude.com/images/xcom-enemy-unknown-2012-tech-tree-research-chart.png
wait 3+ days and she will return to where you found her , or you can try returning to that house during the day - it may only be illegal to trespass there at night . if you are playing on pc , open the console , click on her , go outside , open console again and type moveto player , she will be teleported to you . lastly , you can try befriending the owner of the house by doing their quests , though that only works with some npcs .
the best thing you can do is minimize your interaction with objects , esp trash objects . skyrim has to track the position of every cup you knock off the table , so the more you disturb the " natural " world , the bigger your save file becomes . you can also allow time to pass ( as you mentioned ) , turn off or reduce the number of autosaves , and keep 2gb of free space on your hard drive . see also : tips to reduce skyrim lag edit : it seems the ps3 has a safe mode feature that may also help ; it is linked in the 2gb free space link .
there are some minor hints in-game : if , on top of the list of the quests for any given act when trying to join a public game , you have e.g. " act i - any quest " , that means you have completed all the quests in this act . if on the list of the quests for any act you see a gap in numbering , it is clear that these are the quests you are missing . start on the last quest before the gap , and play till the first quest after the gap . when selecting quests , you also can select a step of the quest , you have already done . most quests have some easily distinguishable end-step . as your last resort you could check which of the quests is missing it . tip : look for steps named like " return to [ name ] " . using these i was always able to finally track down missing quests , but it is far from convenient .
villagers have 3 needs that must be met in order for them to remain happy . i call them food , decoration , and fun since their icons are a burger , a lamp , and a baseball and bat . villagers have , usually , 15 energy once they level up and lose one energy for every space they walk from their house . this means that at least one of each type of shop must be within 15 spaces of every house in order for the villagers to have access to their needs . ( they do not require energy to walk back to their house , and do not lose happiness for doing so without energy . ) shops must be continuously stocked by the player in order to continue supplying villagers . placing decorative items near shops increases their stock and therefore requires the player to " check in " less often . special decorative items may also be placed on your street to create combinations with that one decoration and two specific shops ( for example the fruit stand shop , lucky spin shop , and flower stand decoration ) granting a significant stock increase to both shops . the most efficient layout for villager happiness would be to arrange all shops and decorations ( including gates to other maps ) to maximize the stock of each shop , require less babysitting on the part of the player . note : this is actually a less efficient layout for leveling up though , as you only gain exp by stocking shops . therefore the most efficient layout for leveling would actually be to avoid stock bonuses and manually stock them more often , resulting in more and faster exp gain . the player must be able/willing to to this though as without happiness villagers will not purchase anything , or purchase much less .
if you look at the various skills in the talent trees of each character , you will see that some cause opponents to be disorientated , brittle , or staggered ( i think - can not recall exact names at the moment ) . you will also see other skills that cause massive amounts of damage ( usually 400-600% ) when the enemy is in one of those states . the trick is , one class can cause each of these states , but only the other two can cause more damage when the enemy is in that state . a cross class combo is taking advantage of this . i found the easiest way to do this is to add tactics for each character to take advantage of this . set the trigger to an enemy being in this state , and the action will be the character 's skill that takes advantage of this . this way you will get the damage bonus for free ( assuming you are not controlling the character in question , of course ) .
yes . there are a number of damage calculators out there . this covers both the damage side and attack speed sides of the coin at once . alternatively , for more complex questions , such as factoring in werewolf attack speed , zeal , jab etc , i refer you to this for a good list , if slightly dated . the reference bible i used to use when playing d2 was this . for an more recent compilation , this provides a reasonably thorough ( at least as of 1.11 ) compendium . i hope that helps . there is so much good information out there on d2 , as it has been around so long and was so popular , that i did not think it constructive to reinvent the wheel and write down formulae here : )
that is what is known as a set piece . there are several set pieces in the game ; some useful , some not so useful . the one you are looking at , which has been called the " insane pig " by some members of the community , is absolutely worthless . there seems to be nothing special about the pig or home within the indestructible basalt . they act just like a normal pig and home anywhere else on your world , producing the same items upon death/destruction as the others . as for the obelisks , well , you can infiltrate those ( and it is probably why it got the name " insane pig" ) . in order to lower the obelisks , allowing you walk across them , you must lower your sanity to ~15 or lower . so , it is really up to you if you think that is worth it .
there are a few more commands , including /purr , /meow , and /screech . you also get a different set of commands as a dog . to become a dog , catch a mouse and bring it to the dog altar , accessible through the top-right corner of the alley , east side . once you have become a dog , you gain access to /howl , /bark , and /pant . however , as a dog , you lose the ability to chat , instead sending a random amount of woofs . the cat commands /purr , /meow , and /screech are also lost to you , and you get a different sound effect when using /nap . you can return to being a cat by catching another mouse and bringing it to the doormat , where you spawn .
you cannot , glass panes are only vertical . you are gonna have to use regular glass blocks unfortunately .
trying to fight a stalker with your sword is suicide . unfortunately stealth kills are also out , as you have noted . many types of lethal ninja gear will do in a stalker , but my favorite is probably the hisomu terror dart . it is easy to hit them with this from a distance and remain undetected . remember that you can also return to any equipment selection spot ( marked by a flag ) to resupply your lethal gear . if you are stuck on an area with a lot of guards , this can be a real lifesaver , and there is no penalty for returning repeatedly . however , there are several spots where you will have limited equipment and have to deal with stalkers . in several spots your only gear will be the non-lethal bamboo dart . in this situation , the best thing to do is to stand in a spot where you know you will set off a trap if you take a step in the wrong direction , and then throw a dart at the stalker . then flee to a safe distance . the stalker will come to investigate , wander around a bit seeking you , and set off the trap , effectively committing suicide . you can also throw a dart at the hanging bombs to knock them to the ground into a stalker 's patrol path , and they will walk right over them and die . with all that said , my most common strategy against stalkers is avoidance . watch their patrol paths , and you can find an opening to slip past undetected . even though they have a detection ring all the way around them , they can not detect you while you are in a hiding spot . you can use your grappling hook and various hiding locations , along with careful timing , to avoid most of the stalkers in the game .
at first i was confused as well , but do not worry , it is there . after your total points are calculated , many things are saved to the base new game template . whenever you start a new game , the game will use the new setup . every time you hit the end of march in year 8 this happens . available players ( and their levels and stats ) are saved . coach levels and learned formations are saved . all upgrades except for stadium and field upgrades are saved . fan activity levels are saved . previously owned players start at 50% interest . sponsor interest is saved ( previously signed sponsors start at 100% , but points still need to be spent to resign ) . facility placement is saved . when you start a new game , you will start with the initial players and coach , as well as starting money and available matches . you will have to reassemble your team , which takes time . however , you instantly benefit from the upgraded facilities from your last play . from what i hear , it takes about 3+ play-throughs to unlock everything , so have fun !
no , no stealth weapons capability as standard the stealth cruiser does not appear to have built in stealth weapons capability . how i tested it for the sake of testing i upgraded the stealth capability so i had a maximum duration , engaged an enemy , waited until my weapons were charged and then stealthed . upon first impression it seemed as though stealth weapons capability was built in , as i was able to fire both weapons while cloaked without being pulled out of cloak . however , upon further testing it appears that the duration of the cloak was affected quite significantly once weapons had been fired : in this image , i activated my fully upgraded cloaking system the moment i heard the enemy fire at me . this was just enough time for all of my weapons to come online , so while the game was paused ( and i was taking this screenshot ) , i targeted the enemy ship with my two lasers and then unpaused the game : you can see the lasers firing on the screenshot , i only unpaused the game for a brief second before pausing again , and as you can see this halved the duration of cloak . it appears that for each weapon fired about 20% of the overall cloak duration is removed , so if i had fired my beam weapon as well i would have expected the remaining cloak time to be around 30% of its total duration . firing the same weapons in the same way with the stealth weapons augmentation completely negates this drain on the cloak duration , so i can only conclude that no - the stealth cruiser does not have innate stealth weapons capabilities .
it is a random number that is attached to every battletag , no matter whether the actual name is unique or not ( the number makes it unique as the combination has to be unique ) . it is usually hidden though . it essentially makes your name unique while allowing the readable/name part to be used multiple times . that means , you do not say a friend to add " battletag " to their friends list , you tell them to add " battletag#1234" , because there might be more than one " battletag " in use . despite that , in games you will usually just appear as " battletag " , unless there is a second player with the exact same battletag .
the most obvious choice is to score goals while the keeper is not ' coming ' yet . the problem is that while going for goal you most likely cannot hit charging defenders , at least using non-metal ball . this requires some shooting skills as there is fairly little space between the goalie 's head and woodwork when he stands at the line . from my experience is better to go for a little lob instead of power , something like this : this way you can get as many goals as you can - the only limit is your ability to kill zombies at the latest possible time ( possibly kicking them in the groin or getting head shots when they are just in front of you ) . another way is to score as many goals as you are able when there are no backs left and the keeper is going 1v1 . this time you frequently score using metal ball ( it will pierce him ) , or trying to lob the keeper with any other ball ( similarly to the method described above ) . again , this time the only limit is your ability to obliterate the goalie as late as possible . however , since he is pretty tough and not that slow , you are most likely to get less goals using this method . however , at this point the multiplier should be pretty high so every goal will boost your score significantly .
modern warfare 3 does indeed support dedicated servers ( see here ) : will modern warfare 3 have dedicated servers ? yes ! modern warfare 3 supported matchmaking as well as dedicated servers , allowing players to find and filter via an in-game server browser or set-up their own dedicated server for complete control , without being restricted by any 3rd party hosting requirements . if looking for a dedicated server to join , if you choose not to set up your own , you can filter and favorite by ping , map , gametype , hardcore variants , voice , password , and many other options . as for an approved server list , it appears the ranked servers are managed in-game ( you have to enable browsing of dedicated servers in the options to even see those ) ; i will update if i find anything .
cazadors are mean mean mean . trying to kill them at that level was an exercise in frustration for me . however , if you are determined to try then here are a few ideas . for individual cazadors , you can try shooting them while running backwards ( "kiting " them ) but they are usually much too fast . so shoot for the wings , then the legs . once they are grounded and slow , they should be easier to kill . try using different ammo . the vault claims that they do not have any dt ; if so , then hollow point ammo should do much more damage to them . for groups , splash damage is the way to go , but dynamite is too slow for cazadors , as i am sure you know already . even normal grenades can not keep up with them . if you have got a ton of dynamite , you could try scavenging for the components to turn it into powder charges , which are like lower-damage frag mines . then plant a bunch of them in a semi-circle and lure the group in . of course , there is no kill like overkill . my preferred method for dealing with cazador nests ( even at level 30 ) is orbital laser bombardment . with the right skills tagged , you might be able to complete the quest needed to activate the helios one plant and also acquire the targeting device at level 4 , but you will need to run your way south around the mountains and then north all the way to vegas . and then , the laser only works once per day . but i never get tired of raining blue fire from the sky onto unsuspecting monster wasps . take that !
molten lodestones are found in citadel of flame explorable mode chests . citadel of flame is a dungeon in fireheart rise in the ascalon region .
i have finally managed to get this to work . it turns out half life 2 executes a file named 360-controller.cfg automatically whenever it starts ( for linux , it executes 360controller-linux.cfg ; both are located at ~/.steam/SteamApps/common/Half-Life 2/hl2/cfg ) . so all you need to do is tweak that file to you liking . here 's my setup ( the missing buttons are left to default ) :
it is not possible . you have to wait , but there are no official sources that states you will have the possibility to change icons . it is also not clear how much customizable will be the hud . if you have suggestions or critiques i invite you to post them to devs forum .
check out this video ( link ) for some great tips on being effective in the attack heli . stealth and ecm are best for dealing with the soflam/jav combo . your gunner should have flares as well . you have listed several of the defensive strategies in your question but left out the obvious : kill the soflam ! ! your top priority as a heli pilot is to be aware of your biggest threats and engage/retreat accordingly . if you hear a lock on signal , do a quick scan for a red laser in your eye ( the soflam ) . they are usually pretty easy to pick out . if you see the soflam , line your gunner up to take it out . if you do not spot the laser , wait until just before the lock is acquired ( 2 secs of lock tone or 3.5 with stealth ) then deploy your ecm . this gives you the most time in the air without being laser painted . if you still can not find the source of the lock , bug out . you should also be constantly communicating with your gunner . specifically stating high-priority targets and deployment of countermeasures ( ecms/flares ) . edit : regarding the lack of lock tone , it sounds like it could be one of two things . a heat seeker bound for an allied vehicle is being redirected to you once that ally employs countermeasures . there is a bug with the unmanned soflam that keeps you from getting a lock tone when being painted .
when you recover your gamertag , what you are doing is copying the current status of your gamertag from microsoft 's servers to the console where you are recovering it ( your gamerscore and achievements ) . often , this will give you the information you wanted to restore , but keep in mind that what you are recovering is your gamerscore and achievements from the last time you were online . you will not get credit for any achievements you got offline if you did not sync them by going back online on that console prior to recovering your gamertag on your console . ( the same will be true for cloud saves : you have to save your game back to the cloud in order to access it from another console . ) as james mentions , and as this question points out , you can easily move your profile back and forth between consoles by saving it to a usb stick ( or to a memory card , if you both have older 360s that accept them ) . you would not need to recover your profile each time , and if usb slots are a problem ( if you are playing a game that uses several of them ) , you can move your profile to the hard drive of the console you are playing on , and before you leave , you can move it back to your usb stick . if you do that , keep in mind that profile and local save games are not necessarily saved in the same place . if you want to take your saves with you , you need to save them in the cloud or on the usb stick .
yes , you can freely fly the blackjack once you progress far enough into the story . i believe after you complete raiding the imperial magitek facility , you can start flying the airship to wherever you want .
in a blog post notch talks about the problems his server is having . these seem to be purely related to the registration process . and possibly the downloads of the game . when the server went down at the end of august/beginning of september the kids were able to play the game quite happily . there was also a " free weekend " where you could download and play without registration - again implying that it is only authentication . obviously , if you are playing a multiplayer game you will be in constant contact with the server hosting the map !
according to the wiki , there are three types of zombies : walkers : these zombies stand upright and walk slowly . they run very fast in zigzags at the player and are often hard to hit . they are the most common zombie type . hoppers : these zombies are crouched and hop towards the player at a medium speed flailing their arms once agroed , they can be hard to see and often blend in with grass on approach . crawlers : these zombies are the rarest and are in prone position , they can be very difficult to see in the grass and are the quickest of zombies when they arn't aggroed . however , this is the slowest zombie when they are aggroed . there will also be dogs in the future : meanwhile , hall has confirmed that dogs are coming to dayz - in all likelihood , they will be german shepherds , he said .
game knowledge is very important in arena , to play effectively you need to be familiar with the class you are playing and all the cards in the game . there is a large component of luck in arena , both in the draft and in the actual games , but there is also a significant skill component . the actual games are similar to the other modes , with the exception that you can not rely on the two cards per deck limit to guess which cards your opponent might have on hand . the decks are also very different compared to constructed and rely much more on strong individual cards than specific combos . but most of your skill from constructed play should transfer to arena . drafting is the most difficult part for a new player , i would strongly recommend to use a drafting guide like trump 's arena tier list to help until you are comfortable with it . if you enjoy the arena mode more than constructed play , just start playing it and do not worry . if you do not enjoy it , just ignore it . if you are good enough to get more than 4 wins regularly , arena is also more efficient than buying packs . in short , i would recommend to play arena once you feel reasonably comfortable with the general rules and tactics . if you win less than 3 times on average you might want to practice a bit more before playing more arena . then you are likely making too many mistakes in either drafting or playing .
note : this question could clearly been asked in a shorter way . the counter to tanks is adc . but the counter to adc is bruisers . any bruiser can easily solo a carry , unless they are a skilled vayne , jinx , ezreal etc . . the carry needs to kite really well and cc from his support to help him last longer from the bruisers all-in attacks . once their all-in attacks fail the carry can freely hit most bruisers without taking too much damage . what if they have 3 people diving on the carry ? you definitely need a really skilled carry working with a skilled support player to survive this kind of attack . the support should delay their advance while the carry gets them low enough for either teammates to take notice or just waste their time by kiting around . now there are some certain picks that will work really well againts heavy tanks . of course you will have to master these champions to really be effective . support : alistar - not a good initiator like people think he is , but he is an awesome carry defender . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . blitzcrank : can initiate and pull out an important target from the enemy also has good cc to protect the carry . when they dive , punch their bruiser , he will try to dive on the carry again , then pull him back . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . janna , lulu , nami : good players will not let enemy bruisers touch your carry . just focus on protecting your carry , instead of hitting their carries . adc : ashe - has no chance of surviving 3 tank dives , has low chance even with 2 tank dives . but a skilled ashe player can catch one of the enemy of guard with her ulti . turn the fight easily into 4v5 and carry . ezreal : can easily kite dives on you , does not deal too much damage but pretty hard to catch . kog'maw , vayne : anti-tank will melt them . really hard to play without a good support . apc : brand : does not usually survive the laning phase , but is he does , has awesome aoe , percent based nukes that can melt any tank . karthus : they are killing you ? no problem . just die in a proper place so you can damage with your aoe . they are diving adc ? no problem . just kill them from behind . syndra : can burst down anyone diving in . jungle : trundle : your tankyness are belong to us any position : kayle : her whole kit is anti-bruiser . helps yourself and your allies . keep your distanced from your carry , if they dive him , ulti your carry , wait , slow them , wait heal your carry , while taking the tank down . if they dive you ulti yourself and try to flash away . also as items consider botrk , liandrys and penetration items againts tanky teams .
there are multiple mods which can do this . i have not personally used any so i can only recommend browsing the steam workshop and/or google . it is also possible to do this by saving the map in the world builder then opening it as a scenario on the new difficulty . this does , however , cause some problems such as the ai forgetting parts of your diplomatic history .
the bucket issue was a conflict between two plugins and has been resolved .
they increase in number as you progress through the game , and unfortunately there is not really any way to stop them . it does not really have to do with your decisions , but how far along in the game you are . i have yet to discover any pattern to their arrivals ( i have seen them during the day ) so i am not sure there is any way to avoid them unfortunately . note that they only appear " in silverpines , millfields , mistpeak valley and hero of bowerstone 's tomb " . as far as defeating them , there are a few weapons that provide bonuses against balverines . they are : lunarium pounder ( hammer ) : +40% damage after killing 100 wolves or balverines trollblight ( hammer ) : +80% damage ( they count as large enemies ) after killing 10 large enemies with a flourish wolfsbane ( sword ) ( limited edition only ) : +40% damage after killing 50 enemies with flourishes i believe they may also count as evil enemies ( could not find a place that said for sure ) so if that is true , any weapon with bonuses against evil enemies will count for them as well . other than that , i am not sure if there is any real ' good ' way to beat them overall . it would depend on what skills you have so far , how many there are , what weapons you have , etc . if i remember correctly , by the time i was maxed out on everything , i think balverines were fairly ' easy ' ( though enemies level with you so it will only ever be so easy ) .
glyphs are kind of like meta-talents , that can be changed on the fly , without a full respec . they generally modify a specific spell or talent in some way , and come in three categories : prime glyphs modify a spell or talent in a way that is directly related to it is effectiveness in combat , such as reducing it is cost , cast time or cooldown , increasing it is duration , damage or healing ( sometimes under special conditions ) , or providing an additional special effect of some sort . major glyphs can be considered ' utility glyphs ' . these glyphs generally provide useful combat effects that do not translate into a direct increase in throughput . some will improve your defensive capabilities , others affect crowd control . still others , provide a tradeoff , increasing the direct damage of an ability , but removing a dot effect ( useful for pvp ) . minor glyphs provide cosmetic effects or minor out of combat conveniences , such as removing reagents , or allowing a mages polymorph spell to display a different graphic . max level characters have a total of 9 glyph slots . 3 prime , 3 major , and 3 minor . these are gained while leveling , one of each at level 25 , again at 50 , and again at 75 . glyphs are produced by the inscription profession . they can be bought relatively cheaply from the auction house , or any of the other usual channels ( trade chat , dealing with friends and guild mates , etc . ) . to learn glyphs , once you are at an appropriate level , simply purchase them and right click the item to use it . once a glyph is learned , it can be ' equipped ' by going to the ' glyphs ' tab of your spellbook . you can switch between glyphs freely , so long as you have either vanishing powder ( if below level 80 ) or dust of disappearance in your inventory . both are easily purchasable from an inscription supply or reagent vendor in nearly any town or city .
i completed single player on heroic last night , and the scene in question does not take place . a few similar scenes do take place : didact does hold the chief aloft ( with the force i guess ) a few times with his arms held out . once when you first release him and again at the climax of the story . there are no flash backs to the chief childhood . a promethean kight also does the ' jump on you head split open scream thing ' when you first encounter them on requiem .
you need to use w and e to navigate the maze . you should be able to use w ( forward by a word ) to get to " on , " but since the next w should take you to " and " but the first letter is blocked , use e ( end of word ) instead . similarly you will not be able to use e on " friend " since the last letter is blocked . a simple way to get to the end is to spam w until you hear the beep , then switch to e , et cetera . once you pick up the tile at the end that allows you to use x , you can return to the previous area to rub out the red letters . since the maze was timed , i just let it teleport me back after a while . ( and once you do that , you can return to the initial maze to unlock that chest there using all your new powers . )
first , build a baby red dragon , facing up , on the magma vent farthest left . build a lava lobber and a super mana crystal on the magma vents at top right , starting with the right-most spots . then alternate between building super magma crystals and baby red dragons on the remaining vents , focusing the dragons on lanes that the heroes will walk through . start a fire blast ( facing left ) from the middle of the blocked lookers and jelly cubes . repeat when available . the point of this is to destroy that living wall to free the lookers and cubes . drop a living wall in the middle of the 5th column from the right to block that path ; and put a slime in front of this wall . keep building mana crystals in the open spaces at the right edge . any time the lava lobber is recharged , build one over the most protected magma vent . keep building mana crystals at the left end of the map to distract wizards and epic wizards . drop slimes and skeletons here too , to kill them . finally , just keep trying .
it extends the effect to 12 seconds : launch a massive volley of guided arrows that rain down on enemies for 34% weapon damage for 12 seconds .
if the father is no longer in the canteen then you have probably progressed too far in this chapter to be able to complete this quest . he should be in the canteen , at the right most table . if he is not there , then you definitely have a problem as he does not wander around camp or frequent any other tents . i am not sure how much farther you have gotten but my only suggestion at this point would be to load a previous save . i would especially do so if you are trying for a romance scene with ves because the arena fight is the only way to make that happen .
you have to add some command line arguments to gw . exe when you start the game up . the two that you need to add are -email , -character , and -password . have a look at this link for more complete details : http://wiki.guildwars.com/wiki/command_line_arguments from the link : instead of using the command line , you can execute switches directly from your guild wars shortcut : 1 . right click on your guild wars shortcut and select ' properties ' . 2 . in the ' target area ' field you will see the location of your guild wars executable file : "&lt ; . . . > \guild wars\gw . exe " 3 . write the desired command line arguments after the quote marks , each beginning with a space : "&lt ; . . . > \guild wars\gw . exe " -perf -windowed
the data is on the wiki , it is just a bit hard to find , primarily because the strength value to remove the penalty varies . from the strength entry , the strength required to wear heavy armour is : str = ev penalty times 3 it is the ev penalty that varies , hence why the strength value required to wear heavy armour also varies . there are a number of factors that are used to calculate the ev penalty , and the precise calculation does change between versions , so that the wiki is often out of date . regardless , it is generally the case that your dexterity actually plays a part in the calculation , such that a character with a low dexterity will need more strength to remove the penalty and a character with high dexterity will need less strength . due to this , and the part dexterity plays in attack rolls , i tend to keep my strength and dexterity identical when playing a fighter character , unless i am playing a character that starts with a massive strength bonus ( such as a mountain dwarf fighter ) , in which case i just put a few points in dexterity so that it does not lag too far behind my strength . one final note - the message does not indicate that you cannot wear heavy armour , it just indicates that you will not be able to use it effectively if you do wear it . in other words , your ability to block attacks with your armour will not be as good as if you had a higher strength . no character in crawl is prevented from using any piece of equipment .
yes . i had not yet achieved golden god when i upgraded to wrath of the lamb , but after finishing the original game achievements i did receive it . i did not have to finish all the wrath of the lamb achievements .
your best bet may be to decrease their engagement radius to near ( or something like that ) they will not ignore them completely , but they will not go haring off across the system to attack far-away platforms .
the mothership vortex has a range of 9 from the mothership and has a radius of 2.5 . it cannot be used across the map as mass-recall can . you must fly a mothership to the location of the battle to use it . source:team liquid
a combination of the crossbow with the upgrade that grants mana on a headshot , and the frost bracelet ( seriously a very powerful tool , i never slay orcs without it ) will allow you to stunlock multiple ogres indefinitely , while also holding them perfectly still allowing for easy headshots ( as opposed the the crossbow 's secondary fire where they sway their heads ) . in combination with a fully upgraded crossbow , you can hold an ogre perfectly still and take it down in 3-5 headshots , normally before the frozen state is even broken , and if it does break , you can just freeze them again . this works even better if you use the secondary fire and have upgraded the bracelet to make enemies frozen by your secondary fire take more damage . not only will it freeze many many orcs and ogres , but it lasts much longer ( i think it is over 5 seconds ) and they will take more damage as well . the only problem with this strategy is frost ogres , who are immune to the bracelet . in this case , you are just going to have to stunlock it with your crossbow 's secondary fire , and aim at the moving head . there is no other weapon that kills as quickly as multiple headshots from the crossbow .
yes , sadly , it is true . to play multiplayer games over the internet , you must have a gold subscription . it is about $40-50 / year , $20 / 3 months or $8 / month , but you can sometimes find them for cheaper .
yes , press " a " and " b " to " pinch " the channel , and you can move it wherever you want ( except for the disc channel ) .
you have probably earn them when you evicted bitizens that were wearing a special costume . ; )
there is : neutral - this is the default state . friendly - this occurs when you are doing something that the leader likes , for example , russia likes nations that have a large territory ( and many cities ) , and mongolia likes nations that have a large army ) . friendly does not indicate that they have ( or even would like ) a declaration of friendship with you , it just means they probably will not be attacking you any time soon ( unless they are planning on stabbing you in the back ) . hostile - this occurs when you continuously do something that the leader does not like , for example you continue to build cities near their territory . this state does not mean you are at war , but it is generally a precursor to war . guarded - this occurs after someone has publicly denounced you . it is pretty much meaningless , but it can cause them to become hostile if you continue to provoke them afraid - this is fairly rare , i have only encountered it a few times , but it occurs sometimes when your army is much larger than the leaders army , and they feel that they might come under attack sometime soon . most of the time they will turn guarded or hostile instead , but if their army is sufficiently weak and they do not have enough allies , then they will be afraid instead . it also occurs fairly randomly sometimes , with the best nation being afraid of you even though you are weaker , not sure why , although sometimes it could be because you are close to winning . mostly it tends to occur for any of the above reasons after you sign a peace treaty with the other nation that was offered by them . i am yet to see any more statuses , but i have been playing a long time , so i do not think there are any more .
apparently , you have got a good ear . michael hogan is captain bailey 's voice actor , as well as your friend from battlestar galactica .
i figured out : you can unlock levels in multiplayer mode . each player has his own score board , so each player can unlock levels himself . you do not need to collect the points in one round , your points are saved . if only one player has unlocked a level , you can still play this new level together in multiplayer . according to this page ( german ) , you need the following points to unlock features in stunt and battle mode . note , the page is about the n64 version , so i am not 100% sure if this applies to the dreamcast version , too ( but i would think so ; i heard that only the soundtrack and the graphics are different ) . stunt mode 100000 points : stunt level " disco " 250000 points : stunt level " oasis " 500000 points : stunt level " warehouse " 1000000 points : new single-player mode " obstacle " battle mode 100 kills : battle level " downtown " 250 kills : battle level " plaza " 500 kills : battle level " roadkill " 1000 kills : battle level " arena 8"
yes , that is the only way . you can also create a group of friends before you do so and enter the game with your friends on your team and go on a pub stomp . but matchmaking is the only way to enter a competitive match .
you will need to modify your autorepeat settings and then simply hold down the key for an appropriate duration . this is the only way i am aware of , as starcraft does not allow you to configure that setting in-game . in windows , these two settings are in keyboard properties --> speed --> repeat delay/refresh rate . protoss players have gotten pretty good at moving the mouse at an appropriate speed that matches the refresh rate of the keypress so as to warp in units quickly .
life orb increases base power by 30% , while sheer force increases base power by a conditional 30% . if a move does not have a secondary effect ( like a burn chance ) , its base power will not be increased by sheer force , although life orb 's bonus still applies . the damage formula is a bit annoying to recall , but i believe that sheer force is applied to the base power of the move , which is then used to calculate the actual base damage during which life orb is taken into account . if i recall my multiplication properties correctly , this means that the increase in damage should be about 1.3 * 1.3 = 1.69 or a ~70% increase in damage .
in order to accomplish this , you hold down the shift key with your nexus selected ( or nexuses ) , press c and continue to hold down the shift key and then click on each gateway . it is not simultaneous , but it is as fast as you can click , move , and click again . it does remove the requirement to keep hitting c to chronoboost each gateway though . it appears to be simultaneous because the pros do it so fast .
the game generally tries to find a multiplayer game that has a low latency . this differs from a game that is geographically close to you , but they are generally similar enough that you can assume they are the same . think of it this way - say there is a town north of where you live , and a town west of where you live that is twice as far away . which one can you get to faster in your car ? you had probably assume the one to the north . however , if the roads going north all have low speed limits , and the roads going west are superhighways with no traffic , you had actually probably make it to the town to your west faster than the one to your north . the internet is similar - vast data pipelines interconnect regions , just like the roads do . the game is trying to figure out which game is the fastest round trip to you , not the geographically closest . however , you are much more likely to find something closer to you than something very far away . the less people who are playing in your region , the harder this is , so at times when less people are playing ( ie , if you were playing the original cod now , which has very few players compared to mw3 ) the game must search harder and potentially travel further in order to find a suitable game . cod on consoles is played ' peer-to-peer ' which means that there are no dedicated , central servers to play on . this also means that if there is no suitable game , you might end up in a lobby by yourself - this means the game created a new match in your area , and is waiting for other people to find it . in pc gaming , ( and some console games ) there is generally a list of dedicated servers you choose from when you start the game . if the server nearest you is full , tough luck , you will have to find one further away . hope that explains the subtle differences : )
there are 3 different ingredients : caustic soda , muriatic acid and hydrogen chloride . the order of which to use will be provided by bain ( your handler ) . note that the information he gives initially can be wrong , so wait until he confirms that he is sure . each ingredient is placed on different parts/equipment in the lab , simply hover over different part of the lab to confirm what you are placing , this way you can be holding multiple ingredients and still apply the correct one .
skins only have a cosmetic effect in titan quest . in any case , are you sure you are using unmodded tq:it ? because i do not recall any potion that can change the skin , though there are mods such as allskins that work by populating vendors with such potions ( that can change a lot more than just the skin tone ) .
you can buy packs from the c-store that have a random chance to produce personnel with the resolve stat . it is possible to win these duty personnel buy completing certain random duty missions . lastly , if you have the patience , you could check the exchange ; there is no way to search for that particular stat however . the following duty officer can be obtained at the academy by exchanging 5 green quality duty officers : name : voloror race : vulcan ( female ) rank : lt . junior dept : security specialization : security officer ground traits : tactful , ff , logical , resolve , telepathic
the disc was bad . i got a different copy from my library and was able to play past the freeze . there was a brief one second pause after i went through the room 's exit door , but the game came right back .
optifine has , among many other improvements , a clear water option ( under video options -> details ) . this is a pure client modification and works just as fine in smp . ( note that this is not compatible with mcpatcher , which is however not needed since optifine also includes hd texture support ) .
it means the time it takes for trains to unload/load stuff at that station , yes .
the emp shielding augmentation will protect you from electric shock ( and emp grenades , etc ) . this is one of the dermal armor augmentations - listed in the skin augmentations section of the aug screen - and you will first need to unlock damage reduction 2 . it will cost a total of 4 praxis points to obtain if you do not have any prerequisites : 2 to unlock dermal armour and damage reduction 1 1 to unlock damage reduction 2 1 to unlock emp shielding
i havent played fifa for a while so this is not 100% but i am pretty sure there is no way to change the camera . all u can do is check the different camera settings in the option menu , and if it is not there then sadly no there is no way to change it . the warm up is mainly for fun and not for real match practice .
here is a chart put together by someone on the endless space forums : post : http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?6030-hero-skills-tree chart : http://i.stack.imgur.com/22eao.jpg pilot most abilities key off veteran 1 +movement on fleet +offense and +defense +hp regen on fleet commander abilities scattered everywhere : assailant 1 , defender 1 , 2 , veteran 1-4 lots of battle actions : +crit on kinetics , +block , destroyed ships survive with 5% hp ( ! ) -accuracy to enemy +xp from battle +offense and +defense change assignment every turn corporate most abilities keyed off negotiator 1 and 3 +trade routes and trade route bonuses +20% science off veteran 2 -> dust wielder 1 administrator most abilities keyed off director 1 and 2 +approval ( flat ) +industry ( flat and % ) +food ( flat and % ) +defense off defender 1 adventurer most abilities keyed off veteran 1 > ground pounder 1 and veteran 3 +money leech +blockade bypass +science leech +melee and +offense a few battle actions : +critical on lasers , -defense mods on enemy , illusions other notes : all classes other than the adventurer get a special ability based off dust wielder 1 administrators seem completely overpowered pilots and commanders seem approximately equal for fleets . commander gets better actions , pilots get better passives . corporate and adventurers seem underwhelming , unless i am missing something
yes , the xbox 360 will upscale classic xbox games to hd resolutions . whether that actually makes it look better or makes the polygons more obvious is in the eye of the player : )
this is a reference to the day notch got married , august 13th , 2011 . the linked page has explanations for all of the splash screen text , should that interest you .
there are waypoint markers for all your active missions on the map , that you can access in the ingame menu ( journal ) . to activate a mission marker to be displayed at all time in game , go to " view map " , search for the starting point , move the cursor over the mission and choose " track objective " . alternatively , you can go to the " objectives " tab in the journal and choose the option to track the objective from there . there should be a marker to the starting point of chapter 5 somewhere on the map . if you can not find it , here is a video with the starting points of all missions .
you need to add signals . depots have built in signals , but stations and waypoints do not .
yes , any mod that forced players to use a specific texture pack would also require the players to have something locally , to check with the server and see what pack it is using , then download and activate that pack . in minecraft 1.3 , a minecraft server will have the ability to recommend and provide a download of a texture pack .
you can be in a party while playing split-screen , but unless the second player has an xbox live account , they will not be able to participate in any of the voice chat options that xbox live offers . you can plug a headset into their controller , but they will not hear the party/game chat audio , and their mic will not function . if the options to join a party are not on the same buttons in-game when you are playing split screen , you can always use the xbox guide button to access the party menu and start/join a party from that interface . note also that you have to have a second controller plugged in/turned on in order for the " press a to join " message to appear in most games ( mw3 included ) . there is nothing in mw3 or xbox live that prevents you from doing both at the same time .
the only option that i am aware of is using the revitalizing potion to repair your shield on the field . you can get at the bazaar from the potions lady . of course , you will need an empty bottle to be able to purchase it .
the biggest issue that i am aware of for mac starcraft 2 is that 10.6.4 makes the game very unstable if you have an nvidia graphics card . it crashed just often enough for me to get annoyed by it , so i re-installed my os and only updated to 10.6.3 . things are much better now ( this is likely the same issue as steam has on 10.6.4 , and probably requires a patch by apple to fix - i am not positive on this , though ) . i am not sure of the technical details of starcraft 2 on the mac , but i think that it is a native client . all of blizzard 's games ( at least dating back to diablo , maybe earlier ) are released on windows and mac , so most likely they have a good build process for building their games cross platform . there is a mac technical support forum for mac-only issues . that forum has a known issues list for the mac client , as well .
no , that is not true . according to the official gta 5 checklist . you only need to complete 14 out of 57 random events in order to reach 100% completion . i know i got the 100% trophy without even knowing about the simeon random event .
it does indeed take both weapons into account . this can be tested by simply removing one of the two one-handers and then comparing the two-handed weapon with the remaining one-hander . the difference in stats shown will be different .
i have found out you can purchase and select skills from the main menu . go to play game > campaign > skill settings . note : i know this was not here when i first started playing ( although saying that the game pretty much starts itself on the first play ) and i also only went to the main menu after completing my first chapter , so i do not know if this is a requirement or not .
to ' activate ' the bird , click the trackpad .
yes , dead targets can send thugs after you . if i remember from looking at the script itself , it triggers right as you steal something and will spawn thugs as one of your next few encounters . if the target is dead , it is incidental as far as the bandits are concerned .
enter cl_showpos 1 in the console . this will display your current position , angle , and velocity in the upper-right corner of the screen . to get the distance , open http://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/geometry-solids/distance-two-points.php in the in-game browser , plug your starting coordinates into the first box , your ending coordinates into the second box , and hit " calculate " .
backup your save files and place them back in the same location . they are in My Documents &gt;&gt; My Games &gt;&gt; Borderlands &gt;&gt; SaveData 
according to the author of http://www.d3lexicon.com/ , a complete list of all conversations is given here . the data is gathered from the internals of the diablo iii client . you can filter the conversations by " fol " for " follower " at the beginning , then by " en " for " enchantress " , " sc " for " scoundrel " , " tp " for " templar " , and " all " for all of them . example " fol sc en wrld 2 " ( talk between scoundrel and enchantress ) : scoundrel : however did you become so good at charming others ? enchantress : i learned the charm spell long ago and spent many hours practicing it . scoundrel : that is not what i—never mind . example " fol all camp 02 " ( talk between all three followers ) : scoundrel : kormac , anyone can tell that you are lonely . let me help you find a woman . templar : i already told you : i have forsaken the pleasures of the flesh ! how hard can that be for you to understand ? scoundrel : there is no sin in merely talking to a lady , is there ? enchantress : the way you talk , there is . example " fol player en wrld 004 " ( talk between enchantress and player ) : enchantress : the templar is so strange around me at times . player : he is in love with you . enchantress : what ? ! player : you never noticed ? enchantress : no !
bola shot does fire damage by default ( unruned ) , you can add the thunder ball rune for lightning damage when the bola explodes ( from the description , it still does fire damage on the initial hit )
you get the credits , 20,000 xp , and a fountain through which you can return to the normal world . the endermen do stay there . depending on the server mods installed , you can get a new enderdragon using the /spawn command .
unlike the shadowmere present in oblivion , shadowmere in skyrim is not marked as essential and can die , killing shadowmere works for making it stop following you temporarily . however , 15-20 days later , shadowmere will respawn in the location of death , causing it to start following you again shadowmere just seems invunerable , as it heals at the same rate as damage is applied . the only way to kill shadowmere is to apply enough damage to it so it loses all of it is health in a single blow . if your skills are high enough with a bow , you do not have to one shot shadowmere . by sneaking and applying the 3.0x bonus and critical damage bonus you can use the bound bow or a daedric bow and use about 5 arrows to kill it . the same can be applied to all weapons or magic . be sure to use weapons strong enough that shadowmere 's health regeneration can not keep up with .
it is a mesh of 6 png files displayed sequentially ( and with a wonderful transition ! ) . these files are located inside your minecraft.jar inside title/bg ( so yes , you can change them ) . source : i found them while browsing the jar , then stared at the background to confirm that they matched . also , the 2 computers i tested had the same files , so it stands to reason that minecraft.jar does not dynamically generate them .
while i doubt you can do much to change the client that people use to connect to your server , here 's my terribly convoluted solution : explore a great deal of the map to force it to be generated then edit the seed in the level.dat file . it should report what the current seed is ( which will only do anything when they go further out than you did . . . and there might be a huge discontinuity when you do ) .
i have not tried it , but i found these commands : GetPos &lt;axis&gt; SetPos &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt; GetAngle &lt;axis&gt; SetAngle &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt;  with explanations near the bottom of this page that might help .
the blacksmith asks if i want light , medium or heavy armor . what equipment do you get if you choose medium ? if you choose light armor , you get imperial light shield ( light armor ) a full set of imperial light armor ( 4 pc ) . if you choose medium armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) imperial studded armor ( light armor - for chest ) the remaining parts of the imperial light armor set ( 3 pc ) . if you choose heavy armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) a full set of imperial heavy armor ( 4 pc ) .
it depends if a detection meter is shown above a survivor 's head upon them detecting your presence . if you get a survivor 's detection meter up until it turns red , that will count as them detecting your presence , and will cause you not to get the ' ghost ' achievement . this may be a " motivation " to put survivors asleep . this is the same for other npcs , not just survivors . if a survivor or any npc is friendly to you or does not mind your presence , a detection meter will not appear and that will not count as ' detected ' . i noticed that on a high chaos playthrough , survivors will have a detection meter and might alert hostile , armed npcs . while on a low chaos playthrough , they will not mind your presence ( no detection meter ) .
the gcd ( for instant holy fire ) and the cast time of smite at 0% haste are both 1.5 seconds . haste speeds up all three ( ticks , gcd , smite ) equally up to 50% haste ( when it stops affecting gcd ) . while evaluating less than 50% haste , we can just use ticks instead of seconds . ( gcd = 1.5 ticks , smite = 1.5 ticks ) . according to the formula in this article , extra ticks occur at the following breakpoints . so , unglyphed holy fire breakpoints are : and glyphed holy fire breakpoints are :
you get that painting during the " master of the keep " quest after completely rebuilding gravehal keep . during the quest you will get petitions to do something , number 9 is find that painting .
as of patch 1.04 on 8/21/2012 , you can now filter by attributes while looking for a specific legendary item , just like a normal search .
looks like you have stumbled across the medieval mode map degroot keep . medieval mode is a game mode added to tf2 during the australian christmas event with the december 17 , 2010 update . the game play is different with only non-ranged weapons ( apart from bows or crossbows ) allowed , amongst other changes including " ye olde english " for chat , for example : " it was " gets replaced by "'twas "
when you serve from the left side of your field to the right side , stand at the most left point of the field , aim to the most right side of the other field and try to get the full power . it is hard to do an ace , but it is possible . for me , this way is the easiest way !
update : bethesda has updated the elder scrolls website so you can now download arena and daggerfall from there . this wiki page on the unofficial elder scrolls pages should have the links you need:http://www.uesp.net/wiki/daggerfall:files. i have not tried them myself .
you can often get around the blocks that they have in place by simply contacting steam support ( you need to register a separate account at their site ) and requesting the american store , but you will then have to pay with an american credit card . i did this several times when i was in australia and it takes 1-3 days for them to unlock your account to do so , so it may not be the best option for grabbing that game on sale . i played the uncensored version of l4d2 while i was in australia via this method , though i could not play multiplayer ( i am not sure if there were any local multiplayer servers in any case )
it is the middle three people , but you are right on how on how to kill them : tactic : mark the 3 hvts for your teammates and give the command for a synched shot . all of them will be dead within a second . if you have problems to locate one of the hvts then throw motion sensors . source also watch this video on how to do it .
hold down r2 or l2 to move your hands , then pull in one direction , and quickly go to the other direction to slap . just make sure your friend is next to a cliff before doing it : )
yes . i just tried it . with shield 28% , without shield and with helm of command 8% . also tried to block without a shield but with helm of command . i blocked attacks . edit : but you have no block amount , so if you block , you block nothing .
try checking the black cat merchant in gran soren
the " definition of insanity " solution there appears to be a glitch in hearthfire where giving your kids clothes can make them naked . the solution to this appears to be to give them more clothes . it is possible that an unrelated glitch made them naked in the first place , and then giving them clothes made them naked-er . giving them another set might be enough to fix the problem . the " abandonment " solution many bugs in skyrim can be rectified by leaving the area long enough that the area resets . for this to work , you have got to leave the house ( and the general area - get far away for best results ) and then take it easy for about 10 consecutive days . you will not win any parent-of-the-year awards , but you might get your kids clothes back on them . the " put that down " solution if you are playing on pc , you can try emptying out their inventory and then giving them clothes again to see if they will wear them . as always , back up your save before playing with the console ! open the console by pressing the ~ key click on the child . enter the command removeallitems player - this will put everything in the child 's inventory into yours . disable the child with disable enable the child with enable now try giving them their clothes back , and seeing if they put them on .
a succubus is generally a creature of legends . a demon that takes the form of a woman and seduces men - for , depending on the lore , different motivations . in the case of vindictus , the succubus in the game can indeed perform an action that very closely matches this : casts a charm on the player , forcing them to collapse . she then mounts her prey and caresses their body , dealing damage while placing drained energy on her opponent . in conclusion , the succubus just does what a succubus does : it tries to seduce the opponent as a battle technique .
no but the secret cloud is right under the orange cloud . when i got there i hit the edge of the orange cloud and fell on the secret island .
the terrain generation code was completely rewritten for 1.8 . whether it is a bug or intentional , you are right &mdash ; there are no snow biomes in minecraft 1.8 , at all . minecraft 1.9 , which will be released in the near future , re-introduces them , though . the pre-releases of 1.9 already generate snow biomes , so it is a pretty safe bet .
there are a few ways out if you just happen to have the right items still left in your pared-down inventory : a sand or gravel block : you can jump up and place blocks around and above the hole so that one of these blocks falls through you into the bottom of the hole . you can then jump up onto it to get out . be sure to only drop one block for you and your villager to jump up on since two will suffocate you . a water source block ( i.e. . water bucket ) : you can place this outside the hole so that it flows into the hole , then swim up the waterfall . be sure to pick the source up quickly after you swim out so your villager does not risk drowning . a boat , minecart , or bed : you can jump and place these outside the hole , then jump again to right-click on them , which will place you inside/on them and safely out of the hole . if you do not have any of these , but you do have the materials to craft them ( along with a crafting table ) , then you can jump up to place a crafting table outside , jump up to right-click on it , and then make what you need . an ender pearl : jumping up and throwing it will teleport you out of the hole . if you are patient you could even wait until night to lure a passing enderman over and kill it for one . saddled pig rescue : if there is a saddled pig nearby , or a nearby pig you could saddle , then jumping up and right-clicking on it will also get you out . if you do not happen to have any of these items , i think your only hope is to position yourself just right so you can dig away at a wall block without hitting the villager 's hitbox . of course , you could also wait until you get killed by mobs or starve to death , then just respawn and return to free your villager .
they are obtained in parts of the main story ; one in the early sanctuary missions and one is unlocked : when you get back to sactuary after it takes off . if i remember correctly . the relic/class mod/grenade mod/shield slots are only locked during the tutorial , they are unlocked extremely early . you never have to do anything but complete story missions to unlock the slots .
deal of the week is not the only way prices are reduced on xbla . there are more : there was also a christmas promotion ( a game a day ) last year and xbla inventory blowout this year . major nelson is a good ( and an advance ) source of such information : major nelson 's deal tag
the visible description is a lie . " the definitive spark thread : yes , it does help hellfires . " explains all about spark handily . excerpt : " your tech pool increases by 2% with all weapons and your active regen rate increases by 0.22 with all weapons per point of spark . at 5/5 spark , this means that your weapons now have a 10% larger tech pool , that regens at 5.1 points per second ( a 27.5% increase over the base of 4.0 ) . spark gives your weapons a higher pool to work with , as well as faster regen , meaning your pool takes considerably longer to deplete . once depleted , though , just like with 0/5 spark , the gun will not proc . also , spark is actually more effective with guns with higher tech levels , since pool increase is %-based . " the first sentence is the absolute minimum to know , assuming knowledge of the attributes .
there really is not , as such . ( in new vegas , i believe one of the higher-level perks will tell you . ) however , if you highlight someone with vats , you can get some indication , as you will see how much ( or how little , natch ) damage your current weapon will do to them upon a successful hit . ( note that you will see primarily what a critical hit would do ; divide that roughly by half to see what a normal hit will do . )
well kingdom hearts is produced by square enix who are the guys behind the final fantasy series . and most of the things you will find there are not really easter-eggs but rather the point of the game . it is officially a crossover of disney , final fantasy and the world ends with you . of course it still has an own story and characters but often you will find characters from different universes .
i found it ! it was the magic wand , which is formed from 3 ironwood branches plus the magic stick .
some combination of rebooting and verifying the integrity of the game cache via steam sorted it out .
there are a few differences between the two modes . enemies do more damage and have better ai enemies have upgraded equipment no counterattack indicator you start off with all the upgrades from your normal/hard playthrough . riddler trophies also carry over . the only " tangible " reward you get for completing the game in new game+ mode are the two achievements twice nightly , for finishing new game+ , and perfect knight - day 2 , the requirements for which are listed in the question i just linked . otherwise , it is just there if you want to play through the game again with more challenge .
to safely release the goblin where you want it . build the cage , using b uild , ca j e , e x pand ( to show all cages and their contents ) , and build the cage where you want it . you can then connect a lever to the cage ( q uery the lever , a dd a task to connect to the cage , and use that to release the caged creature ( goblin or otherwise ) by pulling the lever ( add a task to p ull ) . you can also use the take from stockpile command to move them to another stockpile .
from the wiki preventing a tan to prevent a tan , go out with an umbrella , do not go out while it is daytime , or stay inside . drastic measures include time travelling or staying off the game for long periods of time . hats will not stop tans from appearing . removing the tan take precautions . when going outside on sunny days , the player should use an umbrella or anything that will block out sun completely . wait it off . tans will fade after a while , and with some extra help it should be gone in no time . stay in a building or animal 's house for about an hour . turn the game off and save , time travel to the next day , and then repeat . keep doing that for a while and the player 's tan should eventually start to fade . liquefy 's faq on acnl also has some additional info .
the only role that can viably buy an early vampiric scepter is a jungler . this is because lifesteal procs off auto attacks , and in early game you should not be auto attacking creeps because it will push your lane too much . one of the main ideas behind stacking doran 's is that it provides a cheap advantage for early game harrasment . if two champions with similar base stats are harassing each other , the champ with 2 doran 's will have greater sustain in lane and most likely will win the harrasments . having more health allows you to win the skirmishes against your opponent , survive jungler ganks , last hit easier , and stay in the lane after a failed jungle gank or harassment . this does put you behind for getting your first big purchase item , however given that a b . f . sword ( the most common big purchase for ad champs ) is 1550g , spending an early 475g on a second doran 's , and consequently getting greater cs ( note that after ~25 cs the dorans has paid for itself ) and champ kills , can actually allow you to get that b . f . sword sooner .
to defend embarked units in vanilla : remember that they do not die in one hit in general , they just can be destroyed by naval units that " walk " into them . in other words , ranged attacks do not always insta-kill them . remember that moving from a hex adjacent to one of your ship to another hex adjacent to one of your ships will deplete the entire turn for the enemy ship - in other words , if you keep your navy in front with gaps of two hexes or less , you can effectively block enemy ships from moving into your embarked units . if you get really frustrated , play as songhai - their embarked units can defend themselves , so naval units can no longer " just move " into them - though they still suffer heavy damage . things are very different in g and k : all embarked units can defend themselves , same way the songhai units can in vanilla . you can stack naval units on top of embarked units , defending them . you can use melee naval units to conquer cities , so you do not have to deploy melee ground units for that . in general , the naval combat in g and k is significantly revised , especially with the separation of naval units into melee and ranged units .
so your basic question seems to be : Surge or Promote? this is a rather strange question as those two summoner spells fit very differently into the current meta-game . in fact , i do not believe there is ever a hero i could imagine having to choose between those particular spells as they serve very different roles . so instead , let 's assume that you want to know when these two spells are appropriate ( and not make a choice between them ) . surge surge is a rather recent introduction into lol and is still having its place in the meta-game examined . while it does act as a much needed steroid for a number of champions missing one ( eg . twisted fate or teemo ) , it suffers on champions who require a lot of farm ( i.e. . most carries ) . in comparison to spells like ignite and exhaust , surge ( while scaling better ) just does not guarantee kills the same way through early/mid-game . now , it is true that dominion has a shortened early/mid-game , but it is just as true that it has a shortened late game ( where this spell really shines ) . as a result surge is frequently not the best choice for champions ( even carries ) . when to get it ? when you are the main dps and you do not have a built-in steroid when to avoid ? when you are a carry who needs kills to make it to late game promote promote is another spell which has not yet found a good place in the overall meta . however , having been around longer , there are more obvious cases where people use it ( i.e. . in dominion going bottom against a champ who has trouble clearing lanes early on , like tryndamere or yorick ) . given promote 's role in taking down towers , it is no real surprise you see it more often in dominion than summoner 's rift . usually , you want promote to push your creep wave into a tower allowing for a better engagement at a node . this frequently means you find promote on champions who have trouble clearing lanes or who are good initiators . a champion that requires more farm or is main dps ( i.e. . a carry ) is a less likely place to find promote as it does not fit their role well . when to get it ? when your team lacks a lot of lane clearing ability ( or against a team which lacks it ) when to avoid ? when you are filling a more important role ( i.e. . carry ) garrison i am surprised you are reading a lot of information that garrison is a poor choice ; it is quite a good spell . the problem with garrison is that it really only shines is defending nodes in dominion . very frequently people do not do this ( usually because it is less exciting ) . however , there are a large number of places where your team can really benefit from garrison ( solo bot , or even defending top ) . garrison can break a channel ( from further range ) , stop a wave push , or even heal a node , all very useful things in dominion . even if it only forces the other team to break off an engagement then it is directly translating into victory points ( something few other spells do ) . when to get it ? when you are running a 3 node defensive strategy or against a team with a lot of floaters ( e . g . rammus ) when to avoid ? when you are filling a more important role ( i.e. . carry ) or you are going for a more aggressive strategy ( i.e. . running floaters ) flash vs ghost both of these are excellent spells ( and there are even times when you might get both ) , but in summoner 's rift , at least , the current meta-game has stabilized on flash being invaluable . this is largely due to two factors : flash lets you get out of ( or into ) range of abilities and champions flash lets you " jump " over the twisting terrain in sr however , in dominion both of these reasons are less effective . the terrain in the crystal scar has fewer features you can " jump " with flash , the faster game play means champion deaths are less impactful ( thus saving , less important ) . while still a great spell , flash is nowhere as dominant in the crystal scar as it is in summoner 's rift . instead , two other features dominate the crystal scar which make ghost a frequently more picked spell : non-linear attack routes contested towers having multiple paths to engage ( and less vision ) often means you are forced to move to positions very quickly . this is the reason champions like rammus are so frequently banned . what is more , it is frequently a strategy to rush to the top tower at the opening of the game to assert the defender 's advantage . in a rush strategy ( fairly common ) it is necessary that most of the top defenders have ghost to out pace the other team . as a result ghost may not enjoy the same dominance that flash has in sr , but is still a powerful spell ( and a frequent choice ) . when to get it ? both flash and ghost can be great spells on any champion when to avoid ? only when you have something which is much higher priority or more synergistic with your strategy ( like zombie karthas was ) .
assuming the mechromancer pack behaves in the same way as the krieg pack ( which is a pretty safe assumption , considering they are both character dlc for the same game . . . ) then yes , you can play with someone who has a character you do not . this happened to me , which is how i am sure of it - a day after krieg came out ( which i did not buy ) someone using krieg joined my game and started wantonly setting himself on fire .
it is irrelevant as far as fighting goes other than the fact that you get to play through with all your upgrades . but as far as all the doors and souls , yes and no . for the doors , once you enter them , all the doors have a default difficulty . so no matter what mode your playing in , son of sparda , dante must die , etc . , the demons in the doors remain the same . really weak after you have upgraded . as far as souls , you do technically require certain weapons and upgrades to even reach some of the souls .
tl ; dr - you can not change order . before and shortly after game release there was rumors that you can change your order becouse of old wiki page about order that sayed that player " would be able to change order with a little bit of effort " . it was written in disscusion on this page this information was mistake and " choice seems to be tied into game mechanics " . source of this missunterstanding is quotation from ree soesbee , gw2 game designer who was missunderstanded as she said ; the choice of an order is not compulsory , however , you can’t progress through the full extent of the storyline unless you do so . you can change orders once you’ve chosen one – with a little effort – but parts of the storyline are linked to the orders , so in order to see certain facets of the personal story , you will need to join one . that said , you can play the game without joining one if you truly choose to do so . but true undesrtanding of this statement was explained few posts later ; you can get through the all major areas in game , but not through the whole story . you can do dungeons/events level up and visit every part of the world - except your personal story will stop progressing . and ; so i could play 99% through the story ( but not finish it ) with order a , then switch to order b , and do 99% of its story , and then order c ? you will not be able to do that .
the bound npcs spawn just like monsters : they appear in a radius around you , off-screen , and will despawn at some point . if they are killed or despawn by themselves before you get to them , they will eventually spawn around you again . all of them will only spawn while you are underground . additionally : the wizard only spawns in hard mode . the mechanic only spawns in the dungeon . the goblin tinkerer only spawns after you have fended off a goblin invasion . the goblin tinkerer has pretty much no preferred hangouts . see this answer i gave here ; basically , the most effective way to find him is to wander around aimlessly underground while chugging hunter potions ( it reveals bound npcs just like monsters ) . playing fullscreen at native resolution also helps .
let 's find out . for science ! to do this , i noted my initial cash : then , i killed 3 civilians , each with a cleaner cost of $3,000 , and quit the mission . here is my final balance after that : in conclusion , cleaner costs are deducted at the time of civilian death , not at the time of mission end . therefore , it is not a good idea to kill all the civilians after a failure , unless you have money to burn .
if your chief medical dwarf is not doing diagnosis tasks , he is probably too busy . diagnosis is an annoyingly low-priority job , so the cmd would rather do basically anything else , even carting stuff from place to place around the fortress . i would turn off all other labors the cmd has turned on ( except for diagnosis ) until he gets off his butt and does his job . of course , he might take the opportunity to go " on break " for a couple weeks , then take a drink for a while , then eat his seasonal meal , but that happens sometimes . of course , since you mentioned your injured dwarf has been resting for over a year , most likely he is permanently disabled . most dwarves will heal anything healable within 4-6 months , so if he has not healed yet , he probably ain't gonna . i recommend a topical application of magma ; i find this tends to cure anything that refuses to heal in some other manner .
from wikipedia : during levels , the player obtains power-ups that upgrade the score multiplier , starting at ' hyper ' and progressing through ' mega ' , ' super ' , ' ultra ' , and finally ' extra ' . as these multipliers are gained , the background music becomes more advanced accordingly , with new melodies being added and modern instrumentation layered on top . commander video is also able to collect gold bars distributed through the course of the levels - if all the gold bars in a level are acquired , the player is given access to a short bonus stage based on pitfall , the famous atari 2600 game programmed by david crane . basically , the " extra " stage is just the highest multiplier you can get for your score and it does not affect whether you get the retro bonus challenge at the end of the level . getting this multiplier is part of what you have to do to get " perfect " on a stage : reach the extra multiplier collect all gold in the main level as well as the bonus challenge level perform all the possible score-awarding actions ( such as jumping on springboards ) even if they are not necessary to complete a level . in the steam version of the game , you also get an achievement for reaching extra and for getting perfect ! ! on a challenge .
ok , i can now confirm : a new slim , pal xbox 360 worked with a relatively old ntsc ( 60gb/hdmi ) xbox 360 . system link was flawless , we connected the two directly with a lan cable however : the two copies of halo 3 we had were both ntsc , not pal . i am not sure whether this would work with pal+ntsc game copies . p . s halo 3 > reach
after spoiling myself and watching a few videos on youtube i can say that yes , that is all that can be explored in the demo version . what the demo fails to explain is that actually you start a " level " by reaching its starting sector in free roam through the game 's world . that is , the full version does not yank you to a level selection screen after rescuing the first crew member . the opening in the pink area allows for further exploration .
this guy has a youtube series called map attack when he gives out tips and tricks about some of the maps in mw2 .
items highlighted in blue are containers or trap triggers and need to be activated " by hand " , that is , you must approach them to activate them . they also cannot be destroyed . items highlighted in red can be destroyed or activated by shooting at them , and are either containers , traps , or used by monsters for buffs . these items can also be used for destroyed object bonuses , along with other destructible items such as tomb stones , tables , etc . this latter group never contains anything which is why they are not highlighted .
no . no enemies in skyrim are aware of your magic immunity . the dragon ai is quite simple . if you are not in melee range , it'll use its breath and shouts at you . if you are in melee range , then it'll try to chomp you .
i believe , basing on reallygoodpie 's answer , i do know something that would work most of the time . unless you are a devout traveler and wandered for days away from the spawn point ( not too smart , a creeper blows up you and your bed and you are back to spawn , days away from home - not to mention all three strongholds are between 640 and 1152 blocks from the spawn ) we can assume your nether portal was somewhere within , say , 3200 blocks radius from 0 , y , 0 ( that is like 9 maximum zoom-out maps ! ) . since coordinates in nether are an eighth of the overworld , that means the portal will be within 400 blocks from 0 , y , 0 ( and you can estimate the radius by estimating the distance of the overworld portal from spawn . ) you can also estimate the altitude ( y ) - 64 if that was the surface , more for hills , less for underground . now locate 0 , y , 0 using f3 and then travel in spiral around that point , trying to explore increasingly wider circle of terrain and controlling your distance using the coordinates . that way you should not miss any terrain and be able to locate familiar areas and eventually the portal - six chunks radius is not something beyond hope for exploring , and most people will have their homes ( and portals ) within 1000 radius , that is mere 2 chunks of nether away from spawn . ( and if you remembered rough direction of your portal from spawn , using the cobblestone compass trick you can head straight for your portal from the " origin" ) another option , inspired by loren : if you have enough wood , or a chest - or are near enough from the portal ( say , aforementioned 0 , y , 0 ) - or are patient enough to locate a treasure chest at a fortress - write down your coords , dump all your equipment , suicide , then go , retrieve it all - stopping long enough to take note of the portal location this time .
it is a base 25 numbering system that is broken up into 5 groups of 5 symbols . once you know the symbols for 0 - 4 , the symbols for 5 - 9 , 10 - 14 , 15 - 19 , and 20 - 24 are the same , but they will have a modifier for 5 , 10 , etc . added to them . 14 is the symbol for 4 and the symbol for 10 superimposed . here is a more comprehensive article on it , with pictures for the numbers .
need for speed : hot pursuit does not offer anti-aliasing on its own , but you can override aa from within your graphic cards driver software ( control panel for nvidia cards ) . this has been working for nfs:hp for nvidia cards since the 266.44 driver .
i do not know what you mean by poisoning him , but you can attack someone if you are in 100 sp towns for a cost of 3 ap with about a 1/3 chance of wounding them . it is not that useful , but i think that it is the only other way . you should be aware that your town will not likely be happy with this , and that shunning is probably the best way . . .
various faqs claim that you get the gold wheel display for " playing with the wheel a lot " , but give no more detailed information . however , the outcome of this discussion as well as this thread indicate that the following critera need to be met : you have to have raced at least 100 races . you need to have used wii wheel as your controller more than 50% of the time . that last link is on the official mario kart wii forums and cites the official game guide , so it seems pretty trustworthy .
shared control really depends on the situation . first , a few things to remember : shared control does not have to be permanent for the game shared control does not have to be mutual a few scenarios where sharing control in a random team would be beneficial would be ; early rushes , such as combined or mixed zealot , zergling or marine rush . there is a huge benefit in making these combined rush armies act as a single army instead of scattered control . this also allows the off player to focus more on economy and tech instead of micromanagement . terran walls , and only during the early game . however , shared control is much more beneficial when you have a trusted partner that you play with often and have a good line of communication with . shared control in these scenarios allow you to act as a redundant set of eyes for each others armies . for example , units or armies that stray out of position can be saved by a command instead of mad pinging and yelling . shared control with an ally also allows better use of spell casters or micro management of certain blocks of units ( e . g . one guy harass with all available air while the other distracts with all available ground at the front door ) . there are many different scenarios which this can be useful , not restricting strategy to the owner of the unit but instead the type of unit . if there is no line of communication ( usually in random teams ) , then sharing control is usually a bad idea . you can not predict that your strategy will align sufficiently with theirs to prevent unit control conflicts .
these locatons unlock in future playthroughs . unfortunately when you finished the game ( which i am assuming you did ) and you selected the secret mission you made yourself ineligible on this playthrough to unlock the doors . see this ign thread . it is generally suggested to play through the game multiple times unitl you have visited all of the paths and then tackle the secret quests . so basically if you want these paths to unlock you can not take on the secret quests you need to just select a new playthrough .
i think i figured it out . i accidentally had one of the pipes connected to the side , and cobblestone would get input in the output slot ( although this can not be done manually , feels buggy to me ) . i changed the pipes to avoid that , and it solved the problem .
one way you can approach this is to use an RS-NOR Latch Array . this is essentially many rs-nor latches next to each other . rs-nor latches are circuits that can store a 0 or a 1 ( represented in minecraft as an off or on current ) . when the button to activate the staircase is pressed , you want all the rs-nor latches to set themselves , to open the stairs . when the button to close the stairs is pressed , you want to reset the rs-nor latches to close the stairs . the good thing about rs-nor latches is that you can adjust the delay of the signals going to the s ( set ) and r ( reset ) lines of the circuit . essentially , you want to make the lines setting the rs-nor latches to set them in one order , and the ones reseting the latches to do so in the opposite order . unfortunately , it is a little difficult to explain this in text , so i will point you to this video by minecraftaddict . the video is not about your specific scenario , but to build the station , he uses an rs-nor latch array . note how the lines are set through the signal running under the delay , and are reset through the signals that are set to different delays , allowing the pistons to reset correctly . as promised , here is a little rs-nor latch array tutorial . this is the rs-nor latch array . it is a series of rs-nor latches . the nice thing about this design is that the latches are vertical , allowing them to be put next to each other with one block of space in between . additionally , the reset lines for the latches are underneath , meaning all the latches can easily be reset with one input . the lines running towards the left of the screenshot are the outputs of the latches . the reset line ( or what you will probably use as the set line ) is located under the latches . the signal must be inverted to keep the torches off , so that when an input is given , the line turns off and the torches turn on . i removed part of the right-most latch so the reset could be seen more clearly . notice the repeaters . repeaters can pass a signal through blocks , so the reset line signal is sent to a repeater leading into a block , turning the torch on top of the block off , and then sent to a repeater right after the block , which continues until the last latch . this allows one signal to be sent through all the latches to ( re ) set them from first to last . this is technically the set line of the latches , but it is better for the reset line when you need the reset to happen in a specific order . this is where you would make adjustments via repeaters make sure the pistons reset in the right order . note that the final block leading into the latches should always be a repeater , or else the !output signal will contaminate the rest of the line . that structure in the distance is a piston-powered vertical item transportation system - just ignore it .
since the last question was more about void rays i concentrated on more diverse protoss anti-air gateway since protoss strategies usually revolve around heavy gateway units , stalkers are more or less a must in anti air confrontations . the most important rule of stalkers is : unless you are chasing , never blink into battle . this is key , because as a tool , blink is far more effective as running away or chasing than it is as an opener . stalkers are a very fast unit , so the only time you should ever feel the need to blink into an enemy is when they are running away . blinking away has two important aspects to it : mass retreat moving the front line back while retreating is often times a necessary thing , it is the latter , that makes blink such an effective tool . when you find yourself against engaged in a battle , you will usually notice that your vanguard ( front units ) take the brunt of the damage . if you blink them away as they take damage , the damage will spread more evenly over your whole force and your stalkers will continue to do damage from longer periods of time . protoss air if your build is designed around air units there are two important things to remember : phoenix can shoot while they move void rays can shoot while they move most people do not know the second one . the key to any protoss air confrontation is to make it a mobile one . this is why the speed upgrade for void rays is so crucial . now phoenix and void ray have different use cases , phoenix are effective against light , and void rays against armored . based on what your opponent is going you have to adapt . if you are seeing muta heavy , go phoenix . if you are seeing viking/corruptor go vr . in a pvp its usually whoever has better macro or more upgrades who triumph . . . you know , unless you get high templar high templar usually built out of an early 4 gate strategy , ht are one of the most powerful units in the game . psionic storm needs no introduction , but do not forget about feedback . feedback has the unit property of being amazing against unexpected units . allow me to list a few : ghosts ( no surprise ) infestors ( no surprise ) dropships ( wait what ? healing uses energy ? ) phoenix ( how do you think they lift ) ravens ( as well as point defense drones ) battle cruisers ( oh yeah ! ) corruptors even mothership i have definitely had games where i won with just ht/zealot just because of how versatile this unit it . what is more they can easily be transformed into damage soaks ( archons ) to break siege tank of void ray lines . having trouble against mass void ray ? strangely enough psionic storm is surprisingly effective against void rays . because of the charging nature of their attack , many players will not immediately move their void ray out of danger . conclusion as always , the key to beating a pvp army often lies in doing something unexpected while your opponent is doing the expected . use observers to try and retain the advantage in the game of information warfare .
in the normal tabletop card-game , if there are multiple creatures blocking one creature , it is the attacking-player who gets to choose what order to assign the damage . in magic 2012: dotp , when you are the attacker , by default the computer chooses an order for you ( to keep the game " simple" ) . you can however change it so that you get to decide the order every time by going to settings --> advanced --> uncheck " auto assign damage . "
stiletto always roams at the lower part of the thundering steppes ( close to coldwind cove griffon station ) . the area is where the entrance to the brutal acts of war is . there are several skindancer gnolls there and some giants . you just have to wonder around and wait . back in the day the spawn time was horrid , people were waiting for hours and hours . now it is not too bad - 10-15 minutes . you can get someone with tracking and hunt him down , alternatively , just stay close to the shrine ( where the named pops up ) and stiletto will appear .
no , they will not fill and overflow , nor will they just lose liquid . when the tank fills , then your pipe will start to back up until the pipe is completely full at which point the pump will stop pumping as it has nowhere to pump to . this means that your water tank design is perfectly fine . when one tank is full , water will bounce back from the tank and then it will just be forced to go to one of the other three junctions . in addition , pipes distribute things randomly , not evenly . liquid pipes seem to work out via the law of averages pretty well though . just keep it in mind for item pipes however as they rarely work out evenly . my only suggestion is to raise the teleport pipe up one block so that it is feeding into a normal pipe as the junction . this should lessen the chance that water will feed back through the teleport pipe . i would recommend against using " can receive : false " on the pump end as i have found that things that get pushed into a teleport pipe without a receiver that is not the sender just get lost until you hook up a receiver , so you may lose water or whatever liquids you are transporting that way .
the pet is automatically associated with your battle .netaccount when you register your starcraft ii collector 's edition cd key . you cannot give it away . if someday you do decide to play world of warcraft , you will have a shiny new mini-thor waiting for you in your mailbox . it is awesome , by the way .
the shopkeeper is outside , around the left side of the building .
so far , from what i could read online ( in this guide and on the wikia , among other sources ) : briefing screen pay grade the pay grade for a mission indicates how much cash players can expect to get out of a mission -- source . also this thread suggests it can go up to 10 stars . day rate the dayly income rate is a cash reward with a multiplier for the day a heist takes ( e . g . 1x in the bank heists and 3x in the rats heist ) -- source . contract pay the contract payment is a flat amount of cash reward based on the number of white stars ( pay grade ) -- source . payday the overall payday is the sum of the other two cash rewards ( pay grade and contract pay ) and will be shown on the map if you select a heist -- source . yellow bonuses these bonuses come directly from the difficulty ( or " risk" ) of the mission , pictured by the yellow skulls on this very same screen . normal = no skull -- overkill = 3 skulls . debriefing screen instant cash and bag loot items the instant cash it the one you loot and put in your pockets directly during the game ( jewels , cash bundles , . . . ) the bags are those heavy packs of money , jewels or even drug you will have to carry in order to achieve a mission . balance this section contains the sum of all the amounts contained in the income section ( $332,400 in the example given in the question ) distributed between two type of accounts : the offshore account and the spending cash . offshore account the offshore account consist of most of the money players steal during the course of their heisting career . the player has no way of interacting with their offshore account and is only used to show off how much the player has stolen -- source . since august 30 2013 , you can use your offshore account to directly buy specific missions from crime .net. spending cash the cash you get , finally . in the given example , it is 10% of the total amount , but so far i could not find any precise calculation to know if that percentage can vary or not . this is the offshore account money and 10% of that becomes you spendable cash . -- source .
there is three things you want in a split push champion . the first is the ability to take down towers quickly . you only have so much time before the enemy team figures out you are there , and you need to make the most of it . similarly , you want to be able to clear out minion waves quickly , though this is a smaller issue as a lot more champions can do this easily . the second is dueling capability . often times the enemy team might send only one or two champions to stop your push while the rest try to continue what they are doing . certain champions excel at winning 1v1 's and even some 1v2 's , and if you are playing one of those , you can just kill them and continue pushing . the third quality is escape ability . sooner or later the entire enemy team is going to come after you , and at that point it would be a great idea to try and get out alive . a very good ( and very cheap ) split pusher is master yi . his abilities include a massive ad boost , a massive as boost , an incredible movement boost , and even resistance to slows . this is literally everything a split pusher could ever ask for , as you will be able to murder towers and lone enemy champions , and he is nearly impossible to catch . however , there is three other things you should do to increase the chances of succeeding with your split push . the first is to choose your spots well . if the enemy team is currently teamfighting your allies in the bottom lane , by all means , go take out a couple top lane towers . if three of them are dead and you have vision on the other two , again , push to your hearts desire . if they are all live and none of them are visible ? that is a bad time to push . the second is to ward well . there is this nifty 75 gold item known as a sight ward , that lets you see a small area of the map . plant these things at choke points around the area you plan on pushing , and you will know when the enemy team is coming for you . this makes escaping much easier , and is likely to save your life several times through a match . ( they are also very important for normal laning and teamfighting , but that is another issue . ) the third and final thing is the teleport summoner spell . if you have got a huge minion wave pushing top but you are currently back at base , teleport there and you will get the tower down before they know what hit them . on the contrary , if you have just taken down an inhibitor and you know they are coming for you ( thanks to those wards you placed earlier ) , you can use it like a much faster recall to get out of there . . . possibly to another lane you can push down . on the flip side , keep in mind that teleport is also an amazing way to stop a split push as well . if you see three enemy champions with teleport , you might be better off just trying to teamfight . similarly , if they have abilities that can effectively emulate a teleport ( twisted fate , nocturne , or pantheon 's ultimates ) , you need to be a lot more careful , as they can appear at any time and try to kill you . one last thing , although split pushing is a valid and extremely effective tactic , keep in mind that there are times where it is just better to teamfight . if the enemy team 's main push would kill your nexus before your backdoor can destroy theirs , you need to go back and help out your team . this can also apply to fights around baron , as winning that buff is often enough to seal the game . then again , in the eu vs na all star game , a split push during a baron fight took out everything in na 's base short of the nexus itself , so use your own judgement . good luck , and happy split pushing !
according to hidden street , the quest you need to get the hat ( catch valefor ! ) is a adventurer thief-only quest , meaning no night walkers . however , these are the steps you need to complete the quest : talk to dark lord in kerning city : thieves ' hideout . go to swamp region : dangerous croco and talk to demon 's doorway . you will be teleported to mini dungeon : valefor strolling path . go to the top of the map and go through the portal to mini dungeon : valefor hiding place . defeat valefor . return to dark lord once you have completed the task . additionally , the quest is a level 18 - 40 quest , and you need to have the shumi , the coin maniac quest completed .
yes , you can do that . there are a few additional effects of it every now and then ( such as the sick son ) , but in general , alternating between the two is a good strategy in saving money .
it is from the last part of the " heist " mission series as a star . you need to leave the trap death line of stars that are spawning . it does not win the mission but it does get the achievement . i did it by loading my largest star system and just plowing my way through the killer flying stars .
as a rule of thumb , never build swordsman . spearman might be slower then swordsman and therefor are less effective vs archers but they are just for tanking damage and the extra damage they do when they are in range is much more effective then the speed of swordsman . in the end archers win battles , at least 3/4 of your army should be archers the rest spearman as your army grows the amount of archers should grow/increase relatively to spearman . source : i have played settlers 3 online for a long time , i actually stood in the top 10 ranking for a long time . i played mostly big and long random games with peacetime of 45+ minutes though .
the bus and coach can hold 7 passengers .
when installing games to a 360 's hard drive it does not copy down the game 's id or anything . i have had a scratched copy of crackdown that i got working by installing a friend 's copy of crackdown . we were then both able to play multiplayer together . if you can not get your disc replaced then just use your friends copy of black ops to install the game and then try to use your disc to run it .
according to this , yes indeed !
all missions are theoretically ok for rookies , though there is a higher risk of them dying in : terror missions ufo missions for bigger ufos alien base mission final mission just equip them properly with laser/plasma rifles and armor and they should be able to survive .
i ended up finding a solution here : http://forums.xbox.com/gfw/technical_support/f/268/p/371300/1948803.aspx basically , download a gfwl client , change it in the properties to behave in windows 7 compatibility mode , and only then install it . i then got the overlay when i launched the game and could log in ; it now saves my progress . did not need to turn off physx or any other hack mentioned in other places .
no you do not - the experience counter will still keep increasing although you will not be able to see the progress to the next level until you clear the " lvl up ! " banner by assigning the points . this means it is perfectly possible to level up multiple times between assigning points .
the maximum hit chance you are gonna get is 100% , even if you theoretically have more that that . but , and this is important , the total value of 105 ( from your example ) will be taken into calculation when an enemy is behind cover and thus lowering your hit-chance . example calculation : 85 aim + 10 scope - 20 low cover = 75 hit chance also have a picture : keeping these examples in mind , if you are able to boost the aim of a soldier with a bonus or 2 up to 120 you will render low cover useless to enemies .
start the single player campaign . it will serve as the tutorial in the first missions .
you can totally find your space hamster , specifically in the engineering deck : it would appear that the answer to your sub-questions is " no " for all three : this wiki entry says you need the me2 save this video shows some more interaction with the hamster towards the end and i do not see anything indicating you can do more than hear him squeak . admittedly i have not caught " davis " myself , though , so if you catch him please let us know the details !
at present , it does not appear that there is a way to reset any stats . the forums seems to indicate that the only way to do it is to be caught hacking and then get your stats reset by dice . however , there is no guarantee that they would not just ban you instead . bf3 is different to bf:bc2 , where you could have different profiles on the same account .
i would not have thought so as the young drivers test is saved within the same profile data on the saved game data utility . so while you can reset the mode and start again , this will also reset your career , time attack , and champions mode statistics . which you probably already know . sorry !
the answers from @arremer and @ebongo below contain vital information so i can not accept one over the other , to that end here is that information combined : overview information from @arremer popular combinations : firefly dragon + air dragon sonic dragon + firefly dragon you need to be level 14 . breeding butterfly dragon takes place in a normal breeding cave or on the breeding island . breeding time : 12 hours a specific addition from @ebongo firefly is a requirement it has been confirmed multiple places that one firefly dragon is a requirement to breed this dragon . so your options are firefly + air or firefly + air hybrid . for air hybrids , sonic and blazing have both been reported to work . they are probably best , since they do not introduce any new elements . sources : here and here
for whatever reason , internet explorer ( which i never use ) was set to " work offline " . for whatever reason , with internet explorer set to work offline , the diablo 3 installer was failing to do anything other than time out . i disabled " work offline " by unchecking " work offline " in the file menu ( available by pressing the alt key in newer versions of windows/internet explorer ) ; once this option was disabled , everything worked first time .
you can reflect : soldier rockets ( all types ) pyro flares ( all types ) demoman grenades demoman sticky bombs ( sticky bomb launcher/scottish resistance ) † huntsman arrows ( which can headshot enemies ) sandman baseballs wrap assassin ornaments crusader 's crossbow arrows rescue ranger bolts ( will damage opposing buildings but not repair friendly ones ) mad milk jarate level 3 sentry gun rockets when you reflect projectiles they are promoted to minicrits ( if they were not ) , change sides with your team and ownership to you ( with the exception ( † ) of stickies ) . this means , however , that they will still do splash damage to you should they explode too close . as for stickies you can still push those off points and doors , however , or even push them below the demoman 's feet . you cannot reflect : hitscan shots — anything which is a “bullet” and appears as streaks rather than projectiles syringe gun needles bison and pomson projectiles ( you can reflect cow mangler beams , however . )
according to gamefaq , deceiver is unlocked if you get to 50,000,000 with no deaths.
you should try to practice the timing of drifting , since sonic controls like a tank in sonic unleashed , hard to control or drift , unlike in sonic generations . you might want to check this discussion thread . as there are discussions on how to properly drift or etc . gamespot thread : how to drift video ( getting the s rank in mizuri act 2 ) youtube video : the basic idea from this video is that you turn before you begin to drift .
you cannot call kelly up to your cabin until after you travel through the omega 4 relay . spoilers even then , you can only call her up if you manage to save her from the collectors by doing only one mission after you get the reaper iff ( which will likely be legion 's loyalty mission ) , otherwise she will die .
there is fast travel between waypoints and a ' recall ' function when out in the field . going to a visited wayshrine ( one that has blue flame coming out of it ) and interacting with it will allow you to warp from that one to any wayshrine you have previously unlocked in any zone . this is completely free . if you are out in the field , however , and just want to quickly recall back to a wayshrine because you are in too deep , you can open your map through the menu and go to a location in any zone that you have previously visited a wayshrine . again , clicking on that wayshrine will warp you there , but this costs some money . from what i have seen , it costs based upon distance and character level . it is still fairly cheap , though , and you can easily make the money back from selling things . an alternate thing i have found is that if you are in a group , you can fast-travel to your group leader . this helps when you just got into the group and the leader is all the way in the dungeon already . right-click their name in the upper left corner and use the travel to player option . ( i think this is it , i will have to verify when i get home )
play with a team - bots will not help you here . you need a team of people that stick together . some players prefer playing with 1 bot on their team to spot/take care of special infected , but personally i believe the downsides of a bot outweigh this upside , as a coordinated team should have little issue hearing , locating and dealing with special infected . use microphones , talk to each other , coordinate efforts , and you will find that 4th player a lot more beneficial than an a.i. bot . do not run off , but do not stick together like glue - do not get so far ahead that your friends can not rescue you , but also do not bunch together in a group , as you will all get hit by boomer bile , knockback from hunter pounces etc . also try to pass one-way obstacles at the same time , if one person gets pounced on the other side they are pretty much dead . turn on full subtitles and listen to audio cues - there is certain musical pieces that play when hordes come , hunters in the area , that sort of thing . they also show up as text warnings with full subtitles turned on in the settings . use them as early warning markers , for example , retreat to a small corridor/room with a door when you hear a horde . keep your eyes peeled for hunters if you hear them etc . shove , shoot , reload . do not get caught with no ammo in your clip . you can reload whilst shoving , so make sure you do . health packs - you only get one per level , so do not use it unless absolutely necessary . usually this means waiting until you have been incapped twice , and are on " black-and white " ( there are some exceptions , most notably if your entire team is low health ) . if someone is on black and white and does not have a health pack , heal them up . you need a full team for as long as possible . pills - unless you are finding an overabundance of them , do not use them unless you are less than 50% health to receive the maximum benefit . spread them around as your team needs - no point waiting for someone to limp along with 1hp if someone else has pills . learn item spawn points obviously this comes with experience , but there are certain pre-determined areas where items have a chance of spawning . they differ from level to level , but generically , check : short dead-ends ( roads/alleys blocked off by debris or cars ) , kitchens and bathrooms ( apartments/houses ) , shelving units ( offices and garages ) park benches and seats a lot of it comes down to experience and luck , so do not underestimate that . even the best players sometimes can not finish expert and that is ok . just be ready to spend a lot of time dying before finishing a level .
it takes 12 hours regardless of dragon ; i have checked myself and got 12 hours and the wiki confirms . making dragons older again also takes another 12 hours for any dragons .
if you click on the crystal in your tavern it will bring up a window showing the statistics for the particular levels . across the top are the levels of difficulty , by clicking on the name you can see which badges you have earned on each level . edit : aim at the crystal , use the " view your statistics button " f by default .
legendaries represent a unique character , other cards represent a spell or a class/title . this is also why you can only have one of each legendary in your deck , but two of each of the rest of the cards . there is only one lord jaraxxus and one lorewalker cho , their names are unique . the other cards have general names only describing them and/or their job , bloodfen raptor , armorsmith and angry chicken for example .
there is three reasons why an npc might not respawn : they do not have appropriate housing . their spawn conditions are not met anymore . there is a goblin invasion going on . did a clown blow up parts of your base and make it uninhabitable to npcs ? if not , there might be an invasion going on that you did not notice , if you built your base away from the original spawn point ( which is the very middle of the map ) . go there , and start killing goblins until it says that they have been defeated . also , certain npcs need their initial spawn conditions to respawn . for example , to get your demolitionist back , you will need to carry an explosive around with you until he comes back .
hit the ' public games ' button in the main menu in order to look at which quests are selectable . when you select a public quest , the description contains a level range . and if blizzard recommends an area , i bet your character will still get experience in that area .
lucky you ! blizzard has created a handy dandy skill calculator where you can plug in your skills and show it off to the world ! for example , this is the build i am currently using for my demon hunter
a " precision loadout weapon " is a precision rifle-type weapon that you can spawn with . there are 4 weapons that meet this criteria : dmr , battle rifle , covenant carbine and light rifle . if you want to quickly complete this challenge , i would recommend playing swat , since you have to start with a precision weapon and enemies die with a single headshot . also , keep in mind if the playlist has you spawn with a precision weapon that is normally a pick-up weapon , this still counts . for example , in team snipers you spawn with a sniper rifle ; this does count towards these type of challenges . here is a forum thread about challenges that touches on this topic : xbox360 achievements - halo 4 challenges thread
when the flute is played there is some unusual animal event happening near you . examples i have seen so far ; two deer bucks fighting a wolf pack a bear with cubs a deer with children sometimes it can be difficult to see , and sometimes you may have scared off the animal that caused the alert . but it is happened enough times for me to be pretty certain this is it . a sidenote ; i think i heard a different flute note once and just after i was attacked by a wolfpack . could be that it was signalling danger ?
the " toasty " guy is dan forden , he is a sound programmer and composer who worked , among other things , on the mortal kombat series you can read more about him on this wikipedia page
codename gordon , also known as half-life 2d : steam://install/92 just paste this url into your web browser , while you have steam running on your pc . this link does not appear to work in chrome ( tested on firefox , chrome , safari and ie 11 )
the ruse wiki is a great place to start , its free , community driven , and should continue to expand . you can find it here , and you find can a list of in game tactics here . also , arqade is a another great place for strategy because you can answer focused questions . to get an idea of the quality content you can get for free , look at the starcraft 2 question : what are the popular build orders for protoss in starcraft 2 ?
you have not posted a question . if you are asking an opinion on the matter i prefer playing with ad tristana as a ad ranged carry since she has more consistant damage even tho she has high ap ratio 's and you can get cooldown reduction but it is limited at 40% even then its 10+ seconds to use your dot and 40-60 seconds on ultimate .
no but you can process more at the time by increasing the size of your smeltery , handy when you start automating it
this depends on what you mean by " attack button . " league of legends has four commands relevant to attack : player move click , player attack move click , player attack only click , and player attack move . all four bindings can be found in hotkeys &rarr ; additional hotkeys &rarr ; player movement and can be rebound as you like . note that although the commands ending in click are bound to mouse buttons by default , they may be rebound to keys without change in functionality . i will give a short description of each with their windows bindings . player move click ( default rmb ) : this is the main moving key , bound by default to the right mouse button . this will move you to the location under your mouse cursor , unless you click on an enemy , in which case it will move you into range of them and then attack them . this results in a green targeting indicator ( blue in colour-blind mode ) . player attack move click ( default shift + rmb ) : like pmc , this will move you to the location under your cursor . however , as soon as an enemy ( note : does not include neutral monsters , aggroed or not ) comes within auto-attack range , your champion will begin attacking it . this results in a red targeting indicator ( orange in colour-blind mode ) . player attack only click ( default ctrl + rmb ) : unlike pmc and pamc , this will not move you to a location . you must have your cursor over an enemy or neutral monster when pressing this . upon doing so , your champion will move into auto-attack range and begin attacking . no targeting indicator is shown . player attack move ( default a ) : this changes your cursor to show a red diamond cursor icon ( yellow in colour-blind mode ) . after you click ( with lmb in windows ) , it acts exactly like pamc , including displaying the targeting indicator . the reference image above shows the targeting indicators and the cursors . in order from left to right , they are pmc , pmc ( colour-blind ) , pamc , pamc ( colour-blind ) , pam , and pam ( colour-blind ) . the first four are animated indicators shown on the ground , and the last two are cursor replacements .
lollipops can be used to make more lollipops , and when you have enough you can turn them into candy either by throwing them into the wishing well , or by investing in the mill .
cemetery of the forsaken is a pretty nice place with relatively few enemies . just go around in a circle , keep your rhythm , and do not forget you can smash those stone column things near stairs . use those columns to hop between the gravestone patches . also , having a skill such as leap or some other kind of teleport will help you keep the rhythm if you accidentally end up too far away from your next target . i recommend using a close-range melee attack . aoe attacks are not recommended because you might end up in an empty area that you created . if you use skills that consume your resource , make sure you have as much as possible and can easily regenerate it by , for example , attacking the skeletons in the area . grab some cheap +movement speed gear from the auction house , too .
some ps4s appear to have shipped with a loose or improperly seated hard drive , possibly due to a missing screw . open the hard drive bay cover and make sure the hard drive is properly seated . if the hard drive screw , marked with the four playstation button symbols , is missing , contact sony for service . ( alternatively , a standard hard drive screw as supplied with most computer cases can be used to secure the hard drive . ) for more information on how to replace the hard drive , see this article . side note : the missing screw may be the result of deliberate sabotage at the foxconn manufacturing plant .
tl ; dr : the answer is yes . i could have had this tested within 10 minutes , were i not quite so particular in regards to the parameters of my test . the particularities cost me several fast travels , and a dragon encounter in riften ( my adopted home town - i could hardly ignore that ) . but , test this i did . in the end , it was an interesting 45 minutes . and before any of you say i could have done something differently with the console , please remember i am on a ps3 . this test could have been done with any follower . i had two in my riften home : iona , my housecarl , and jordis , my wife . however , you specified lydia in your question so i decided to go to whiterun and get her . to keep this test as clean as possible , i wanted to start us both with our inventories as empty as possible . this meant dropping everything i had , clothes included , into a chest at home . the next step was trying to relieve lydia of the same . strangely , despite my level 100 pickpocketing , this was a more difficult task than i had anticipated . the first time , she caught on to what i was doing , and darted out the nearest door to fast-travel back to whiterun . when i got to whiterun , i saw that she had somehow procured her armor again and so i would have to start over . i took her back to my riften home again , and this time started in the basement so that i would have a chance to catch her before she got out the door if she chose to run . still , she swatted away at my advances . now i knew we needed some quality time outside for her to cool down before i could try again . so , i decided we had take a walk about the riften stables . that is when the dragon showed up . i quickly ran into riften , hoping he had be content to stay outside . however , he was having none of that . he followed lydia and i into the city , where he continued his rampage . without my enchanted armor , i knew i did not have enough power to defeat him head-on . also , with lydia only partially dressed , i did not expect her to fare well in the fight either . so i dashed into my house , threw on my best dragonscale armor , and came out ready to fight . the guards were already hard at work , but making little progress . lydia was doing what she could from a distance , with that odd bow and arrow set that i can never seem to take away from her . ( sure , i can manage to pick off her armor , boots , gauntlets , and shield - but somehow the bow and arrows are off-limits . ) i went in , hands aflame , and made short work of the beast myself . after all was peaceful again , we went back inside and i dumped my inventory into the chest again . this time , perhaps not having much energy left to fight , lydia seemed a bit more cooperative with my efforts to empty her inventory as well . i dropped all of her stuff into another chest , then retrieved her boots and one filled grand soul gem i had in a cupboard . lydia looked on as i took these to the enchanter , and loaded up the boots with a +37 fortify carry weight . then , we went to the master bedroom where i had my potions stored . as we came up the stairs , i saw my wife jordis turn and walk away in disgust . our housecarl , iona , simply rolled her eyes and continued drinking her mead . i threw lydia 's boots on the bed , so that i myself would start with zero effective weight on-hand . i would chosen potions because they are small and uniform in weight , allowing for fairly accurate and granular measurement . plus , i had an end table packed to the brim with naught but a crap-tonne ( that is a metric crap-ton ) of them . in a flash , i had myself over-encumbered with 699 weight units of potions - a total of 1,398 little vials . i knew i would hardly need all of these , but i figured it was the easiest way to start . i began with the largest batches first , and gave lydia as much as she could carry : 227 restore magicka potions ( 188 mp ) 121 restore magicka potions ( 121 mp ) 42 restore health potions ( 188 hp ) total weight : 195 i still had over 500 weight units of potions in my stock , but now i could move around a bit . looking at lydia 's boots , i saw that they weighed 8 units . so , i took 16 of the restore health potions from her ( at 0.5 units apiece ) and handed her the boots . after she put the boots on , i chose a different potion to measure how much ( if any ) her carry capacity had increased . she was able to take a total of 74 regenerate health ( +150% for 5 mins . ) potions before becoming overloaded . that is 37 additional weight units , which was the exact amount of the bonus provided by the boots . she now had a total effective carry capacity of 232 units . of course , i could not let her go wandering across all of skyrim in the buff as she was . so , once we were done with our little chemistry experiment , i graciously relived her of the potions and returned her equipment . i even allowed her to keep the newly-enchanted boots . iona let out a sigh of relief , while jordis stormed off to bed . i suppose i will have to get my rest in whiterun tonight .
nope ! you are not a bad hero ! unless you think leaving a damsel in distress hanging is bad . . . then yeah , you are , sorry buddy . whatever you do , you will always be late and impa will brandish it over your head , so keep questing ! i suppose you could call that a character-building experience for link ? as far as i remember , there are only a few time-limited quests , and you are notified before you set off to complete them . why have side-quests available if you are supposed to be rushing through the main plot , right ?
if they are archon/zealot heavy , roach infestor will work just fine . roaches are beefy units that can take a lot of hits from the protoss , and the infestors can use fungal to keep them out of range anyway . alternately , you can neural the archons and use them to help you take out the zealots . pure roach is decent but not fantastic against it . mutas work well if they do not have too many archons , but as you mentioned you do need to magic box them ( although that really does not take that much micro if you know how to use the technique ) broodlords are great if you can get them out in time .
let 's see , your options are : exping : the act of gaining experience , be it through quests , missions , puzzles , treasures , or just by killing opponents . edit : disregard the previous term , as it looks like it is not as widespread as i thought . consider it just a localized version of leveling . leveling : the act of gaining levels , usually by accumulating experience points ( xp ) . generally used refering to the actual moment of going up a level ( "he just leveled up" ) , can also be used for a continuous action ( "i am spending my time leveling" ) the term " farming " instead refers to the act of going through the same actions for long stretches of time to hoard single resources ( you can farm money , minerals , items , and even xps )
it is a bit confusing , but several levels into the clockworks ( regardless of which gate you pick ) , there is a " clockworks terminal " level . that level is basically a midpoint of the tier , where you can heal up for free , and purchase recipes from a vendor . that is what you need to reach for the achievement ( and hat ) . hope this helps .
you should send them to trade posts , which will increase your trade income .
the lyceum is one of the random dungeons in the southern highlands . it has a fixed spawn point but shares it with several other random spawns . the entrance area looks like this : its spawning place is slightly northeast of the entrance to the southern highlands : this spawn point is shared with the revenge of gharbad , the empty servants house , ancient pyre or the event pictured below , among others ( you can see the similarity of the place , also it seems like it is the only place which can host such a large environment ) :
there is a " completed auctions " tab on the auction house menu . clicking on items in the list will give you the option to send them to your stash . you can not send items to your stash if it is full , but they can remain in the auction house indefinitely .
this indicates their weapon proficiency . you unlock weapon proficiencies by gaining weapon experience getting kills with that weapon . this will unlock proficiencies such as impact , focus or the ability to use two attachments .
steam provides you with the cd key for games you have just bought from it - most notably for those that are neither created by valve nor published exclusively on steam . this is in case you ever want to register it on a secondary digital distribution platform ( this is sometimes required for the game to launch as in the case of games for windows live ) . you may never need the key , but it is useful to have for reference . it is the proof that you have bought a unique copy of the game . no need to worry though , steam will keep the information for you . edit - i might add that you can still access your cd key for those games that are developed by valve or published on exclusively on steam - it just does not pop up every time to launch the game .
i have tried it once at a computer store . play 2d at home otherwise . bullet flight mechanics are non-existent in this game , therefore the depth axis will not be of any use . distant targets seem even fuzzier on 3d . you can not spot campers in the distance . and let 's be realistic : there are a lot of campers out there in multiplayer . i must say i do pretty fine on judging the distance to make a grenade shot from afar . 2d is definitely the better way of doing this . all in all it was an interesting experience for me , and i heard from the store owner , that some people felt dizzy 10 minutes into the game . i would suggest you to try it out and see it for yourself . it is a highly subjective experience .
no it does not change how others see you . however , it will change everyone for you . if you are viewing yourself as left handed , you will also see everyone else as left handed . it works the same way for right handedness , everyone else will see you as they see themselves . the 3rd person character model does not change at all either way .
as the wiki article about sheol says , you can enter sheol and fight satan if you get a devil room after defeating mom 's heart . once you beat mom 's heart 10 times , you will always be given the option to enter sheol .
there are 2 methods that i know of to regain hearts , and you mentioned both : you can refill a single heart at the store . i have only ever seen them available for 5,000 . you can only buy a single heart , and then you have to wait for the store to restock . you can collect bandages to refill a heart . i think the first heart you lose , you have to collect 10 bandages , and then if you lose a second and third ( you can have 4 total hearts i believe with an upgrade ) , you have to retrieve 15 bandages for those . if you die , you have to start over . you keep your various upgrades and shanties , but you start back at the beginning of the map , so be sure to have plenty of upgrades on hand each board you play to be prepared to run if needed . edit : it appears there is a way to revive yourself with gold if you have enough when you die , though i do not recall ever seeing this option .
the compression blast range appears to be slightly shorter than the range of your actual flamethrower , from personal experience . you can compression them anywhere within that range and you will reflect . the angle that it gets reflected back at is dependent on where your cross-hairs are aimed when you hit the compression blast . additionally , for grenades , there appears to be some determining factor with return velocity depending on your distance from them . i can not find a lot of info about that though . rockets will travel indefinitely until they hit an object . arrows seem to function similarly to grenades , but less noticeably so due to their natural high speed and lack of " bounce " . in regards to lag compensation , the compression blast is not lag compensated . you are going to have a harder time reflecting rockets / grenades / arrows if your lag is higher , especially when dealing with the higher velocity ones like the direct hit rockets and arrows . edit : as per the link in the comments , edited the above to indicate that the compression blast is not lag compensated . it is hard to say " when " you should compression blast . it is a function of distance and velocity , rather than time from fire . with any projectile , it is nearly impossible to reflect at short range without some sort of luck / godly reaction speed . at longer distances , the direct hit and arrows can still be relatively difficult to reflect . again , it is about the distance , not the time before it hits . the best way to get a feel for it is to play it and learn it intrinsically , not go by a paradigm that there is a hard rule for timing it based on seconds .
the apiary provides you with bees , hive husks , and honeycombs , all rare-ish alchemy ingredients that can be a pain to acquire in other ways . hive husks in particular , due to a bug , are unavailable for purchase in the base game , unless you also install the unofficial skyrim patch , which fixes the lists and allows them to randomly appear in the inventory sold by alchemy vendors .
here are all the quotes in . txt format , if anyone is interested .
pulsefire got its own category because of the features associated with it . most legendary skins change how the champion acts ( voice , spell , etc ) , while pulsefire changes not only ezreal 's appearance , but other champion 's animations as well . enemy champions and minions killed by pulsefire ezreal have a unique death animation . in addition to this , the skin itself evolves and changes its appearance further as you level up ezreal 's ultimate . there is actually a very interesting post on the league of legends forum explaining some of the design choices , including a developer commentary on the creation of pulsefire ezreal . in addition to this , it adds a new profile scheme as mentioned by patrick stadler . also , in lieu of more text , have this cropped photo of ezreal 's crotch along with a description of all of the features involved in his theme : as for whether or not the themes will periodically be placed on sale , there is currently no answer . my best guess would be that they are going to be similar to legendary skins in that they do not go into a usual sale cycle like regular skins . only time ( and a few additional theme releases ) will tell .
there is no point keeping alien containment after you have finished all your alien research or just captured and interrogated an etheral ( which gives you all credit anyway ) . in fact - there is a bonus because when you remove the alien containment any extra ' live ' aliens will die , and you get their corpses to sell or use . the only small bug - the engineer and scientist will keep ' verbally ' asking you to build an alien containment ( like at the beginning of the game ) . note : you do not need alien containment to capture aliens for their weapons only .
the answer is no . borderlands has not recently made it so you can not change your field of view . the culprit was my bindings being placed in the wrong section of the WillowInput.ini file . the linked question does not say that the bindings must be placed in the [WillowGame.WillowPlayerInput] section of the WillowInput.ini file .
i was hoping for a more authoritative answer , but after > 50 hours of gameplay using mostly elemental weapons , i am pretty darn sure there is no longer a tech pool . elemental guns deal consistent damage and elemental effects are randomly distributed . the visual effects are consistent ( either a shot was elemental or not , you can tell by watching the bullet impacts ) . this means that slow firing weapons are worse for stacking elemental status effect damage than high rate of fire weapons , which is sort of the opposite of how the old tech pool worked . the status effect chance % as listed appears to be the only relevant factor for " procing " a shot , though it is affected by skills , class mods and badass bonus stats .
turns out it was the fault of my modem . it was broken somehow and i had to buy a new one .
well i do not know how i would prove that it was the raw resource not the processed resource being exported if i tried to outpace the factory , so i will just suggest the most obvious solution . shut down the factory . it may be painful , but you should be able to shift income to other exports for a while . as you can see , the factory has produced nothing in at least 1 year , and i am still successfully exporting tobacco . $11,822 worth , to be exact .
i am not aware of a way to remap the scroll wheel within minecraft , so i think your best bet is to look for third-party tools that will remap your mouse keys for you . after a quick google search , i found x-mouse button control for windows , and usb overdrive for mac . looking at screenshots of both programs , they both allow you to remap mouse buttons as mouse wheel up {MWUP} and mouse wheel down {MWDN} , which is perfect for item-switching in minecraft . x-mouse : usb overdrive :
they changed it in a patch ; now , " zombie " champions lose all their buffs and debuffs . i could not find the patch in question . here is a post asking a similar question . presently , kog'maw receives the speed boost over time from his passive , but ghost will instantly vanish from the buff bar .
no . while every class has the same number of abilities , passives , and runes , which skills unlock in which order vary from class to class , with a few exceptions . for instance : you will always unlock a skill for a skill slot at the same level you unlock that skill slot you will learn your final class ability at level 30 . here 's an imgur gallery of the class progression charts .
only the first time . each subsequent time costs credits , as raven dreamer explains : 1st respec = 0 credits 2nd respec = 5000 credits 3rd respec = 10000 credits 4th respec = 15000 credits in my case , my second respec was only listed as costing 4750 credits . based on this , it would seem that the respec price may be impacted by the vendor discounts you can receive after finding intel that can be used for upgrades ( accessible at the terminal in liara 's room ) .
these overlays are third party applications that the casters add to the display screen before they are shown to the public . the names and scores are typed into this application and it is shown on the second/display screen . they do the updating off camera/screen . it is usually why you see it some other screen before the in game screen is shown with the names and scores already updated . according to this thread , day [ 9 ] used to/is using infanview craftboard is an newer application for you to use to do the same thing .
the endoom screen is actually a screen that shows up when you exit the game , however some ports do not have this screen , so that is the reasoning for having the option . you can see some of the different endoom screens at the doom wiki .
yes it is possible . downside : if you defense village has higher level of wall you could lose few units , also if you have neutral defending animals you will have to dismiss them . unknown : this should work as in any other attack but i did not tested it ; if traps work for gauls and if hidden resources stay hidden , also if you are in guild if notice is posted that you attacked yourself and if it is counted in guild stats .
i have just spent about 30 minutes seeking this solution but i finally figured it out . i know how frustrating it can be to find straightforward answers to problems and i do not want the time i spent figuring this out to be wasted . if i can help one person it is worth it . anyways here is how i fixed it . all you have to do is install this official version of directx from microsoft . i do not know why but this solved my problem immediately . here is the link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35 have fun and enjoy
not really . shrines are still godawful expensive even after the update . their utility is great as a panic button of sorts , but you are better off in the long run spending your mana on real defenses .
snow coverage does not affect spawning at all . to be more precise , mobs will spawn as if blocks of snow-cover are blocks of air .
a " carebear " is a derogatory term used for characters who stay mostly in concord ( police ) controlled space and never ventures into unsecured "0.0" space . basically synonymous to cowards .
no it is not possible , sorry . this is probably due to the fact that they are the standard quick game servers which most likely change , start and stop based on demand . for example if there are no caspian border maps currently available a server might change it is map rotation to suit . this is all just a guess at why you can not by the way since searching the interent for solid reasons was unsuccessful : (
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
along with the story mode , there are many collectibles such as playboy magazines and wanted posters . you will have to collect these as well if you want 100% completion . a guide to all the collectibles can be found here .
from my experience , if a character damages a monster , he will gain full amount of experience when that monster is killed ( e . g . 90xp for skeleton ) , but if he is not involved in killing monster , he will gain half of experience ( e . g . 45xp for skeleton ) . dead characters gain no experience . for monster groups , each monster kill is counted as killing single monster . and that is probably what makes your party having different xp : there are more groups in lower levels . since most of ( or even all ) spells affect all monsters in group , your mage started gaining full xp from all monsters . when fighting group of monsters , fighters will first hit monsters in front of them ( left fighter will hit left monster ) and then hit monsters at the other side ( left fighter will hit right monster if left monster is dead ) and when first row is finished they will get to the back row . i presume you are using rogue for ranged attack , and in that case he will only hit monsters in front of him ( if rogue is to the left , he will , in most cases , hit only left monsters , and when they die he will just miss right side monsters ) . edit : and as henryhey said , they all get xp for finding secrets .
as you are new to fifa , the best advice regarding skill moves is : dont do it ( yet ) . the effective use of skill moves is pretty hard to master and randomly executing them will lead to loss of the ball in 90% of the cases . having said that , here are some tips : start getting used to dribbling without the special moves . in fifa 12 , manual dribbling ( also called ' precision dribbling' ) has become far more effective and done correctly it can oftentimes get you past a sloppy defender and into a good shooting position . just use the left analog stick without sprinting and try to curve your way through the defense in the right moment . try to anticipate the defenders move and get him on the wrong foot . you can slow down your pace further for more precision by holding l1 . when you are trying to outrun a defender , bump the right analog stick into the direction you are running . your player will push the ball further in front of him , allowing you to run faster . practice single skill moves in the arena , not only against the gk but against actual defenders . you can create game situations by pressing select in the arena . you can view the skill moves list when you are in the main menu by clicking customize fifa -> settings -> controls -> button help -> skill moves skill moves i found most useful when the defender is in front of you are heel chop and roulette . i am far from being an expert on skill moves , but for new players this should help get you started . effective use takes a lot of practice and while looking cool , for the casual player the amount of time it takes to master them is not justified by the edge you gain . but if you want to become a really good fifa player and be competitive online i guess you have to learn them sooner or later .
this particular mod was designed for vanilla , offline minecraft , so you are not able to install it onto a bukkit server . however , had it been a bukkit-compatible mod , you would download the files of the mod . sometimes , you are provided with only a .jar file ( ex . SomeBukkitMod.jar ) – other times you are given a .zip containing a .jar and also a directory with the name of the mod containing preference files . whichever you are given , put the files in the /plugins directory of your bukkit server . despite this , it seems a minecraft forums user by the name of krnlyng has ported a few vanilla minecraft server mods over to bukkit , including buildcraft . this thread is linked to from the official buildcraft thread so i am assuming it is reliable ; at the time of writing , though , it is only compatible with 1.7.3 .
first of all , they are good for something , they can be sold to npc traiders for licences . beyond that they are worthless . while i have no proof for that fact i have came to that conclusion through deduction : items are eather usefull by themselves , or as parts of a scematic at the academy ( or both ) . and since those items are not usable by themselves ( i.e. you can not put them in an open slot of a viechale , setelment or the arc and activate ) if they have a fanction ( beyond to sell them ) it would be as a needed part for a schematic . i have descovered most of the scematics at the acedemy , and did not encounter one that needs them . beyond 2 , since those things are only available by sinking enemy ships , if you play a game withput enemies , or that you have already destroied all your rivals and the npc enemies ( the baracuda and the merceneries ) , you have no way of getting said items , which means that if there was a schematic requiering them , you couln't creat in that game , which is just not fair or nice . since it is not fair to and frastraiting to the player to get a schematic which he has no option or chance to complite , i believe that the developers did not put them as requierments even for the schematic which i have not unlocked and checked yet . just sell them to an npc near you for the licences , they can acumilate for quite a lot . should be said , that some of the items droped by enemy ships are white flags , shield , clocking devices and etc . and are usable for a single time aboard a ship .
if i were to list all the units that fungal growth is effective against , i would end up with a list of the units in starcraft 2 . there was once even an occasion where i cast fungal growth on siege tanks ( which seems ridiculous , but was very necessary ) . instead , to try and determine how to effectively use it , let us follow the advice of hannibal lector ( quoting marcus aurelius ) : first principles , clarice . simplicity . read marcus aurelius . of each particular thing ask : what is it in itself ? what is its nature ? what does he do , this man you seek ? fungal growth has two properties to it , which you have listed , it prevents units from moving and it does damage ( 36 over 8 seconds ) . its nature then is two fold : damage and delaying damage fungal growth does 36 damage over 8 seconds ( in game seconds ) or 4.5 dps . by comparison a phoenix does 9 dps , a zealot does 13.3 , and a hellion does 3.2 ( vs non-light ) . so not a ton of damage ; but , like the hellion , it does aoe damage so that 4.5 is multiplied by the number of units you hit . hit two and you are like a phoenix ; three and you have zealot level damage ; four and you are out dpsing hydras and ultras . so the first principle of effective fungal growth is : the more units the better . obviously this means you want to target smaller units more often as they clump up better . unlike hydralisk , two infestors can not fungal growth the same unit ( well the can , but it does not overlap , it just resets the duration ) , so your principle use is going to be slightly different from a hydra ball . while you are still going to want to fungal growth his whole army during large scale engagements , this is not the time when fungal growth functions best . instead consider its long range ( 9 ? ) and how you could utilize that to get more than one cast off on a given unit . consider an advancing enemy force , and what happens as you fungal growth it and fall back : its forced to wait out the damage . while healing and repair will mitigate this some you are draining resources . thus our second principle is like voting in chicago : early and often . get fungal growths off before the main battle delaying in addition to doing damage , the other large advantage to freezing an encroaching enemy army is that it buys you time . zerg is largely a momentum race so many zerg players will opt for very macro oriented builds , choosing to invest more heavily in economy than a standing army . as a result you may not have the forces to deal with an assault when it comes . being able to delay your opponent for 8 or 16 seconds can easily be the difference between a 100 food army and a 130 food army . one of the best people to see this behavior in is liquid`tlo 's zerg style . he will frequently delay opposing armies with fungal growth while he builds a force . so the third principle of fungal growth is : more time means more units . delaying an assault is fine and all but there are time when what you need to do is delay a retreat . whether its marines retreating from banelings , drop ships running from hydras , or maybe just an enemy force looking to run from a losing battle , being able to stop a retreat is almost always a good thing . usually , if your opponent is smart , he is retreating for a reason , and cutting off that retreat is letting you exploit that reason . so our fourth principle of fungal growth is do not let them get away . tl ; dr so let 's sum up about the uses of fungal growth : the more units the better early and often more time means more units do not let them get away whether you are getting infestors as your core tier 2 unit , or your just using them to supplement your current army , i think you will find that these four principle will really help you be more effective . the issue of range came up and fungal growth does indeed have range 9 . you can verify this in the galaxy editor , but i have also supplied a picture as proof : i used a viking ( range 9 ) as a ruler .
adding friends gives you tickets . you get seven for originally registering ( and having them accept ) a new friend . after that , you get an extra ticket for every 40 minutes they play . note : you can only have five friends , and i do not believe there is any punishment for unregistering a friend ; theoretically , if you really wanted a lot of tickets , you could unfriend everybody , and friend other people .
when calculating spotting range , i.e. the range at which you would see a particular target , the camo rating of enemy tanks will knock a tank 's view range back down , so there is every reason to increase view range in order to maximize your spotting range . there is no set maximum view range , though the maximum effective view range that you can achieve ( at the time of writing this answer ) is 606.79m . for instance , let 's compare the spotting range of two tanks against an enemy tank with an effective camo rating of 50% . tank a has an effective view range of 445m , while tank b has an effective view range of 500m . tank a 's spotting range against the enemy tank is 247.5m . . . math : 445 - ( ( 445-50 ) *0.5 ) . tank b 's spotting range against the same enemy tank is 275m . . . math : 500 - ( ( 500-50 ) *0.5 ) . see http://wiki.wargaming.net/en/view_range_%26_camouflage_(wot) for more details .
frozen trophies can be picked just by standing next to them and picking them up ( rather than by the batclaw from afar ) . if a frozen trophy is floating on the water , you will need to throw a freeze grenade next to it and stand on the platform to pick it up . there is at least one instance where the trophy hangs above the water , in that case , you will need to drop it into the water by cutting the rope it hangs from with the batarang .
they still seem to like to swim , so you could make some water traps - or any running water , maybe combined with a waterfall , into your pit .
it really depends on the quest . in the geth vr thing you will not be granted additional xp for destroying more blocks than necessary , but you will be granted extra xp for locating extra clues during investigation phases of the leviathan dlc .
the quality of the pet ( can bee seen by the color of the name plate ) decides how much stat a pet gains each level , so a rare quality pet ( blue name plate ) will be better than a common quality pet ( white name plate ) in the long run . originally all non-captured pet where of common quality ( white ) , but blizzard have changed it so some of the harder to get pets will be of rare quality ( blue ) . an updated list can be found at the blue post . but the list of higher quality non-captured pets as i write this looks like this : brilliant kaliri celestial dragon feral vermling jade tentacle kirin tor familiar little fawn nuts stinker clockwork gnome crawling claw fossilized hatchling pterrodax hatchling voodoo figurine murkimus core hound pup cenarion hatchling gryphon hatchling guardian cub lil ' k.t. lil ' ragnaros lil ' xt moonkin hatchling pandaren monk soul of the aspects wind rider cub deathy grunty murkablo murky fetish shaman frosty lil ' deathwing lucky quilen cub lurky mini thor netherwhelp panda cub mini diablo zergling darkmoon balloon darkmoon cub darkmoon monkey darkmoon tonk darkmoon turtle darkmoon zeppelin azure whelpling crimson whelpling dark whelpling emerald whelpling firefly fox kit gundrak hatchling hyacinth macaw razzashi hatchling sprite darter hatchling phoenix hatchling chuck giant sewer rat magical crawdad muckbreath snarly strand crawler toothy dark phoenix hatchling elementium geode crimson lasher hyjal bear cub searing scorhling panther cub pebble disguisting oozeling mr . grubbs tiny shale spider bananas dragon kite ethereal soul-trader eye of the legion gregarious grell hippogryph hatchling landro 's lichling landro 's lil ' xt nightsaber cub purple puffer rocket chicken sand scarab spectral tiger cub tuskarr kite lumpy baby blizzard bear onyxian whelpling lucky mini tyrael lashtail hatchling
from the civfanatics forum : khaaan ! requires an outright loss through both score and lack of conquests . if you want the achievement , easiest is to give all your cities away to a remaining ai one turn before the end of the scenario , then press end turn .
just create a trigger on the event ( player ) types a chat message containing ( list of strings ) this is how maps like nexus word wars or yabot accept textual input . there is no other way to accept textual input besides through the chat window .
there are no secret areas in the residential area or el macho 's lair . there is also no secret area at the beach . there are a few other special areas , though since you run straight into them i am not sure they are considered secrets . those would be the bank of evil in the downtown area and the movie theater in the mall
each time you pick up ammunition , every member of your party receives ammunition as though they had picked it up . this is different to the way gold and eridium is shared and there is no indicator to show that you have gained ammunition as a result of one of your party members picking some up . the below is quoted from one of the discussions as a result of testing the behaviour of this mechanic : when you or your friend collect ammo it goes to all players . it is not like 5 bullets go to each player or some crap like that . everyone gets every ammo drop ever . yes it works . it is the same for cash and eridium . . . the only indication of you getting ammo is if you are in your backpack at the time watching it .
from personal experience ( which seems backed up by this thread where the developer responded ) , the repair arm heals you 1 hull point , regardless of the amount of scrap collected . from the developer via that thread as well : we did not want it to be always a positive , obvious choice . the power of constant repairs after every fight is too useful without at least a few setbacks . [ . . . ] i might sell it come sector 6 or 7 if i am doing well since that 15% starts to hurt a lot more and the extra boost to finish off the boss is helpful . the ftl wikia seems to agree with this as well : repairs your hull by 1 point every time you collect scrap [ . ]
bs or big smokes house where most of his missions start is quite near grove st . all you have to do the is go past the ganton gym and you are nearly there , do you know about waypoints ? if so you can always put a way point at grove st and follow it . grove st is just above the n in ganton
it is not possible as yet . they have plans for character profiles , similar to world of warcraft 's armory . http://us.battle.net/d3/en/blog/5406050/character_profiles_coming_soon-5_11_2012 also , http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804 details blizzard 's plan for an api to get diablo 3 information .
solved - user error i realised last night that this was down to me not clicking apply after making my changes and pressing " esc " . in my defence esc does exit other screens in the game without abandoning changes so it might be useful to include a warning if there are unsaved changes on the keybinding change but i will suggest this on the dev forum .
fof missiles have been rather safe to use for years now . back in revelation ii , they were changed from attacking the closest object/target/ship/anything in space to only attacking mission rats and large collidable objects in high-sec , and any ships and large collidable objects in low- and null-sec . what is dangerous about them is that they have a penance to choose large collidable objects instead of players or rats , making them a massive wastage factor along with their diminutive ability to reduce the mission rats ' combined dps on your ship . a general rule of thumb regarding fof-missiles : recycle them .
well , they neither do improve your assist nor they are just for fun . completing marksman challenges only unlock weapon attachments , which might offer new tactical alternatives , depending on your playstyle . there are bugs in the game where equipping a visor attachment ( holographic , acog ) actually will increase accuracy slightly whem aiming down sights on some guns ( will not go into detail ) , but that is a different question . completing other challenges have various effects , namely they upgrade your perks from basic to pro .
you can make the decision when you leave the starting planet . you also need to be at level 10 , you may not be level 10 at when you reach this point so you will need to go back if you leave that area . to leave the starting planet/area you need to complete all the story quests .
i think the numbers you are referring to are the xx/yy numbers . those numbers refer to the condition of the weapon/armor . the xx part refers to the current condition of the item , which degrades with usage . weapons degrade when they are used to attack and armor degrades when you receive damage from enemies . when an item 's condition reaches 0 and it is used , it'll break and lose all its effectiveness . you will either have to repair it at a blacksmith or use a repair kit . the yy part refers to the maximum durability of the item .
yes , it will be for games bought in stores as well . see here : if you purchase either a physical or digital version of an applicable ps3 title , you can download the vita version at no extra cost . please note , however , you get a psvita copy of a game when you buy the ps3 version , but not the other way around .
these items can be given to members of the tiller faction , in exchange for friendship . you do not gain reputation with the tiller faction itself , but each member of the tillers has a friendship level : each item you can pick up will give you reputation , but you can get additional reputation by giving the item to the named person in the description of each item as follows ; blue feather - old hillpaw or chee chee jade cat - fish fellreed or ella lovely apple - sho or jogu the drunk marsh lilly - farmer fung or gina mudclaw ruby shard - tina mudclaw or haohan mudclaw by giving the item to the person named in the description , you will gain 900 reputation with that individual , if you give an item to a person not named in the description you will receive 540 reputation with that person . each person has additional quests for you once you reach certain levels of friendship with them and will give you a vanity item for your farm once you become best friends with them .
according to http://www.lurkerlounge.com/spirea/hirelings/stats.shtml, the inherent attack rating ( ar ) of act 1 mercenary is quite low : 796 on level 80 . combined with the fact that the monsters in hell difficulty have defense rating ( dr ) on the order of 1500 and the chance to hit formula ( assuming equal levels of attacker and defender ) : toHit = AR / (AR + DR) , this makes her base chance to hit very low : 796 / ( 1500 + 796 ) = 0.35 . if we add 1000 to her ar , we will get the chance to hit of 1796 / ( 1500 + 1796 ) = 0.54 , which is 1.57 times higher ! so , if there were no other factors , i would keep the ar bow even if it had 1.5 times less damage . note that other factors affecting the ar and defense include inner sight and fire arrow . another thing to keep in mind is that the poison damage does not stack . if you have a weapon dealing 100 poison damage over 3 seconds and you hit once per second , the damage poison deals between hits will be mere 33.3 , and then , when another hit lands , the old poison will be replaced with a new one , not added to it . on the other hand , poison stops the natural monster regeneration , which may be a big deal for really tough monsters .
after a little research i found that you need to " catch " each of the worms that appear on fishing hooks , both the individual worms and the " cans " of worms . once you have done this about 5-6 times , the purple tootfish will appear . i do not know if prevents you from completing the acheivement , but i recommend avoiding the non-worm fish hook items . at the least they waste time , and they may prevent you from getting the achievement - especially if you are using director mode .
i finally found the solution for this today after much frustration . if you attacked windhelm with the imperials and killed ulfric , but left before tullius could leave the room and give his speech then the thieves guild quests for windhelm will be bugged . simply go back into the palace , let tullius and rikke leave , listen to the speech and talk to them , and then go talk to delvin and vex , and this fixes the bug .
bike customisation does not affect performance in trials fusion : 1 ) there is no indication of improved statistics in the customisation menu . normally when you get the opportunity to upgrade something in a video game ( whether it is a bike , a car , a gun , or something else entirely ) , you will be presented with a number or a bar of some sort indicating whether it will make a positive or negative effect . in trials fusion , there is no such indication . and i do not think red lynx would implement ' hidden ' upgrades . 2 ) in trials evolution , bike upgrades had no impact on performance . each bike had its own performance ratings ( visible on the bike selection screen ) , and installing new parts did not change those ratings in any way . 3 ) if bike upgrades did affect performance , it would result in imbalance . one of the most important aspects of playing trials is picking the right bike for the level you are playing , and deciding which statistic will be the most important ( eg speed vs acceleration vs manoeuvrability etc ) . if upgrades did affect performance , it would play havoc with the bike selection process ( especially since statistics are not displayed ) , and would result in players having unfair ' hidden ' advantages in leaderboards and multiplayer matches . in summary : i believe that if bike upgrades did affect performance , this would have been made evident by the developers , either by displaying performance statisitics , or by mentioning it in a menu or manual .
there is one room in particular that provides what you are looking for . you do not need to copy npc dialog , though part of the fun is copying the other wall-writings for later consideration . so there is no single intended method ( i imagine most people will look online ) —your method could work , though it sounds frustrating . want a hint for that room 's location ? it is off of the waterfall room . want an even bigger hint ? a pillar in the room links the code to an english pangram ( sentence containing every letter of the alphabet ) . and to give it away : in the tree room above the waterfall , a fox jumps over a dog next to this pillar , which reads all the way around : " the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog . " ( image )
although there are other answers about upgrades , i could advise about mercenaries . from my perspective the most valuable are siege tanks and battle cruiser . i would save money from hiring other stuff . they are not much better and die relatively quickly . and in short : is it possible to get all upgrades ? if in one campaign - short answer " no " . but if you ok to bother with earning moneys via passing same missions 5-10 times just to get research points to be converted into money - you could try . although i do not see any value in that . edit : sorry . to be honest i must to say i did not try to earn more research points . but i read that it will works only after getting 25 zerg/protoss points . only after that time you could try to earn more . but i would suggest to play in usual way ( probably on casual level ) to pass 10-15 missions and to get 1m credits . made a save and after that do 1 upgrade line - get achievement , reload . do another upgrades line . . .
they seem to do the same as the two buttons when the horde attacks . you know , where you can hide under your blankets , scream in agony and whatever more . they do absolutely nothing . it gives me something to do when i get back from a hard minute at work .
no your mmr does not drop and it will also not decay from inactivity . really the only things that affect your mmr are winning and losing . up until last season queue dodging was used to " troll " the league system by playing into a promotion and then winning one game while dodging the other one . with this trick players were able to reach diamond mmr while being placed in a bronze league . basically , if you dodge you will lose lp but you will gain slightly more lp next game .
i was wondering if you could play rock band on no fail and just blast out songs karaoke-style yes , but only in rock band 3 . this is called " all instruments mode " ( aim ) and can be enabled in the per-user overshell settings . that is the menu at the bottom of the screen for each player . ( look ma , no vocalist ! keys/drums/guitar/bass ) in aim , there is no vocalist player with a controller , it is basically karaoke mode . full easy harmony vocals are always on and scrolling across the top of the screen . any connected microphone , up to 3 , can sing any part of the song -- or not -- at any time . it is completely optional but always on for walk-ups . there is no vocalist scoring in this mode though , so all you can do is get streaks and see how you do on each vocal segment . that also means you can either sing lead ( blue line ) , harmony #1 ( orange line ) , or harmony #2 ( red line ) from any microphone .
pause and cutscenes count as gametime . i believe only os interruption ( playstation button ) will stop game time .
since 1.0.4 , there is a normal jungle on the surface above the underground jungle , so you do not need to go deep to grow it . what you can expect depends on how deep you go . the depth that underground jungle enemies ( hornets and man eaters ) and jungle roses need seems to have been increased in patch 1.0.4 ; i am not sure of the exact height , but it is possible that it is world specific , like the dungeon position . i built a working underground jungle grinder before 1.0.4 right below the zero feet mark . the only monsters that spawn now are jungle bats and snatchers ( the over-ground jungle enemies ) . jungle roses will not grow , and ones that grew before the update do not drop anything . whether you need to trim the vines , depends . they do not stop monster spawns , at any rate . you could also build a stone ceiling above each layer to prevent the vines from growing at all .
i had to download the content from my cloud storage to my xbox . i put in the discs for ff13 and ff13-2 and let it sync the cloud storage down . i then inserted lightning returns and my costumes were then available from the rewards store .
the ds remake suffers from sequel difficulty spike , especially regarding the fight against golbez ( he turned from a pushower to a brick wall ) . you need luck and strategy to beat him ( more luck than strategy ) . try to slow golbez with rosa . this makes the fight a bit more manageable , because you have a bit more time . try to time kains jump , so that he is in the air when golbez ( or his pet ) starts to pick off your party one by one ( except cecil ) . rydia should show up and now the real fight begins . golbez will use barrier change , wich makes him absorb all magic except for one type . you can see his weakness by using libra . but before you do that , try to get your party up . start with rosa - phoenix down + hi-potion . as soon as she is up , have her dual cast shell and cura on the group . if you do not have dual cast , just cure the party . now is the time to use libra . expose golbez weakness and attack with with rydias summon . after the hit , golbez will change his elemental weakness , so use libra again ( and do not forget to heal ! ! ) . golbez also likes to drain your mp - do not be afraid to use an ether or two . also remember to keep him slowed . kain can either heal or use his cry .
by definition , the dense ores symbol adds instability , and instability leads to decay . there might be a way to remove the instability through cheating , but that is , as stated previously , cheating . your best bet would be to have a chicken , cow , and sugarcane farm , so that you can make the books that you need . once you get dense ores symbol , you can learn the symbol in the writing desk , and then write the dense ores symbol into any age you want to .
yes , chilling out before turning the quest in is a valid tactic . some quests are so short you will virtually have to do that in order to get the platinum rating . i would rather not perform the mental gymnastics required to explain it away , though .
the best answers for optimal plays can usually be found in the elitist jerks forums , because they do a lot of testing and maths to confirm their recommendations . on dot refreshing , they say : compared to wlk , our dot 's are far stronger now . you want to do your best to maintain very high uptime on both of them . typically , the only time you will hold up recasting of a dot is if it falls off and the corresponding eclipse is coming up very soon--you will wait one or two casts and refresh at the beginning of eclipse . if both dot 's are coming up at around the same time when you start eclipse , remember that nature 's grace will only affect the second one , so you want to remember to use insect swarm first ( because moonfire/sunfire is stronger than is under either eclipse ) . cataclysm changed the way dot refreshing works--when you refresh a currently ticking dot , you no longer waste a partial tick . significantly , if you refresh a dot when it has only one tick remaining , there is no loss at all . this means the optimal time to refresh a dot is during its last tick , thereby maintaining true 100% uptime . failing that , refresh at the same time you do now , as soon at it falls off . note : since moonfire and sunfire are two different debuffs , we can not benefit from the new dot system when replacing one with the other . in that case you should wait for the old moonfire/sunfire to fall off . dot ticks use your spellpower , haste , and +% damage ( e . g . eclipse ) values from the moment the dot was cast--they do not update in real time until the next time you cast the dot . crit chance of the ticks , on the other hand , does change dynamically if you gain or lose crit buffs while the dot is ticking . because the entire dot is effected by your stats at the moment of cast , there can be detailed decisionmaking in when to apply them--see " advanced points " below for more . from http://elitistjerks.com/f73/t110353-balance_cataclysm_4_3_dragon_soul/#dot_refreshing
how far into the game are you ? during the first mission , and up until the end of the first class lesson , you are unable to switch spells . the students default to wingardium leviosa and the adults default to reducto .
it could be the controller as i have personally had many old controllers like the thrustmaster and honestly found them to be pretty bad , i cannot really answer if it is the controller as you are the only one with your controller , if anything look at it in the settings ( control panel > controllers ) and see if the controller reacts to button presses quickly and properly ( as in pushing forwards and then letting go does not cause you to take a step back . the second thing is it could be dark souls , dark souls has a certain timing to many of these attacks that take time to get use to . there are delays in swings because your character has to draw their sword back or pull their foot up and kicks requires specific timing . the timing for the kick is to press the attack button and forwards at the exact same time . not one slightly ahead of the other but nearly exactly at the same time , the reason is sometimes you want to move forward and attack and not kick so the timing is specific to ensure you kick when you want to kick and attack any other time . secondly the plunging attack requires you to not jump off or roll off initially . i do not know if you are doing that but it will delay your attack . just walk off the ledge at the boss and as soon as you start falling hit the attack button and you should perform a plunging attack . it can actually be done a little too late and seem like you will miss it only for it to land . i use a ps3 controller with a tool to make it function like a xbox 360 controller and the game reacts perfectly too it and i can perform all these attacks just fine .
another negative aspect of resting is that it expends your hunger level much more quickly than playing at normal speed . think of it as the game increasing the play speed by a few [ units ] , anything affected by time is affected by resting .
as far as i know , the honor of a daimyo is his own . when that daimyo dies , and is replaced the things that he has done will not so much effect the new one .
cutting off limbs works best by firing at the joints . if you are aiming for the shoulder , shoot vertically . if you are aiming for the legs , shoot horizontally . and no , most other weapons do not have the horizontal/vertical thing ; each " weapon " ( using the term loosely because most of them are essentially jury-rigged or repurposed industrial tools ; isaac is an engineer , after all ) has different alt mods .
according to the terraria wikia , wyverns spawn above 800 feet above ground in all biomes except hallow , where they spawn at just 300 feet .
so , after creating a few lobbies against bots for science : the repick button is located in the bottom left , above the map . the following game modes allow repicking : all pick least played all random single draft ( among the three drafted ) these game modes do not allow repicking : random draft ability draft could not test the captain modes , as bots do not pick captains . ; ) edit : i would assume though that all captain modes do not allow repicking , as that would make no sense .
assuming you are building down : build a down stairway on the first level from the designate ( d ) menu . build up-down stairways on the levels before the bottom from the designate ( d ) menu . if you have a defined " bottom " level , build an up stairway on that level from the designate ( d ) menu . you will need to switch your view 's " z-level " to build the levels . you switch " z-levels " by using &lt ; to go down a " z-level " , and &gt ; to go up .
i did some testing on this , and i am convinced that the wiki is currently incorrect here ( it says 999 monster kills ) . in my experience ( in normal ) counting monsters , it took ~ 5 white monster kills to reach an additional percentage . i also tried counting in torment , and it seemed to be the same . i did some additional data gathering counting the kills to reach 10% progress . it was difficult to get groups that were easy to count , and i avoided recording data for groups with the illusionist affix , as well as enemies that continually spawn other enemies . if i was unsure in my counting , i would throw out the group of 10% , and kill whites until i reached the next 10% . still , it is very difficult to count exactly how many enemies you are killing . this meant that i only got 2-3 data points per run . here 's my data : 36 white 7 elite 32 white 9 elite 41 white 3 elite 38 white 4 elite 34 white 8 elite 37 white 7 elite 36 white 8 elite 52 white 44 white 3 elite 35 white 7 elite while this is not a lot of data ( and i did not distinguish between champions , minions or rares ) , we can make a couple of conclusions . elites do count as more than one kill . using 52 kills ( per 10% ) as a baseline , an elite on average gives 2.58 kills . it takes ~50 kills per 10% . this would put the total monsters slain to complete a rift at 500 . counting monsters as you go is not a fun or efficient way to run a rift :- )
here is a method i came up with while pondering your question , be warned though , i have not had a chance to test it out , but i think it might work . here are the commands and command block setup : 1: /testfor @e[type=snowball] 2: /execute @e[type=snowball] /tp @p &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; 3: /setblock ~ ~ ~ redstone_block 0 destroy  remember to put numbers next to the ~ symbols to tell the command where to place the redstone block relative to the command block so it is constantly running the command in the next command block . now here 's the setup , please note that being able to to what i am telling you to do does require basic command and redstone knowledge : also , you might want to run this command as to not lag your server : /gamerule doTileDrops false  i also forgot to mention , you must be playing in snapshot 14w21a or later .
the main difference between normal and vintage items is that vintage items are all the items people obtained before the mann-conomy update . they can no longer be acquired in any way except trade . this makes them very rare . you can recognise them by their blue name only , since people could also just rename their items vintage . also , as pointed out in the comments , the " vintage tyrolean " and the " vintage merryweather " are renamed to " vintage vintage tyrolean " and " vintage vintage merryweather " respectively . see the mann-conomy faq : q : why have all my items switched to " vintage " items ? a : some items that used to be rare will become more common when they are available for purchase . we wanted to give players this option , but still recognize people who obtained those items “the old-fashioned way” in the past . so we decided to perform a one-time conversion of all the old items into " vintage " versions , which will never be attainable in the future . this way , those older rare items remain rare ( in fact , they are even rarer , because they are limited editions now ) . basically , valve decided that making items available for money devalued the items , since it is less impressive to buy an item then it is to craft/find it . therefore they converted every existing item in people 's inventories to vintage items . since you can no longer create them ( only the items converted at the update become them ) vintage items are very rare , which gives them a higher value in trade . otherwise they are identical . additionally , a couple items are excluded , such as badges , promotional items ( eg . bill 's hat ) and holiday items ( eg . ghastly gibus ) . funnily enough , the vintage item 's rarity will increase over time , as people use them up in crafting . see also : the quality article on the team fortress wiki .
the mousetrap maibock is not purchased ; you get it by tapping on a mouse .
the typical team composition is : two players in the long lane ( left or right ) , with an adc ( all damage carry ; physical ranged ) and a support ( typically building tank , hand of the gods , and warding ; often rotating for mid-camps ) . mid lane a mage . solo lane ( short side lane ) with a solo-capable god ; often a bruiser . one player as a jungler . in lower level play a jungler is not always present . in higher ( mid to high ) level play a jungler is present because it distributes xp and gold better between teammates ( the additional gold and xp from the jungle as well as the solo laner not having to split with another player in lane ) . the typical players distribution at the start of a game depends on whether the long lane is left or right . if the long lane is left , the duo goes for their sides blue buff , while the other three players go for the right mid-harpies . the mid player then goes for mid , while the jungler and solo laner go for red and blue buff , then into the solo lane . the jungler takes the red , the solo the blue buff . if the long lane is right , the jungler helps left solo to get his blue buff . the other three players take the right mid-harpies , mid goes mid afterwards , and duo takes their sides blue - which the adc takes . at around 1:40 the support may rotate to the mid-harpies to catch them at 2:00 with his hog . the jungler ( may ) initially helps out the solo laner ( otherwise he could get pushed back hard two on one by the enemy jungler supporting his solo ) . the jungler mainly clears his jungle , and ganks whoever seems gank-able by over-extension or vulnerable god - situational anyway .
yes , he can either bring his profile with him on a memory card or usb stick ( assuming you both have updated your consoles ) . i do this regularly when going to a friends house . he could also recover his account onto your xbox , but that is a bit more of a hassle . achievements and other online stats are synced in either case ( as long as you are connected to the internet ) , but saved game files will not be transferred if he recovers his account ( or if he does not bring them on his memory card/usb stick ) .
the nes titles run just fine . there are no worries there . the n64 titles run mostly fine . sometimes they slow down and " lag " a bit . get a bit choppy , but run surprisingly well for being emulated on the console that is next gen to it . played all the way through ocarina of time with no problems . played all the way through majora 's mask with only 1 freeze . both were choppy in parts , but overall very playable experience for me .
the wii has had access to the rock band store since the release of rock band 2 . your wii needs to be connected to the internet , and you need regular wii points in order to purchase the songs . the usual price is 200 points per song , but there are some priced at 100 points . also , due to the lack of a hard drive , you will want a good sized sd card in the wii in order to store the songs . i have a 2gb in mine , but that is because rock band 2 does not support a larger card , even though the wii does . my guess is that rock band 3 will support larger sd cards .
it is absolutely possible to get comfortable at the kick and jump attack but there is no setting to make it easier . i am unsure of the frame data for kicking , but the active frame window for parrying ( one of the most advanced combat maneuvers ) is from 6 to 8 frames , i assume it is the same for kicking . that being said , the game runs at ~30 fps giving you a whole 1/5 of a second to input the commands together . the ' forward ' command is inputted at the top of the joystick gradiant meaning that you can press forward but it will not count towards the kick command until it hits 100% . because of this , most times that i fail the kick it is because the forward command was too late . i have found it is easiest to input the rb when i hear the ' click ' sound of the joystick hitting its cage , in an effort to delay the forward command until i know it is actually being inputted .
there is not a great reason to save them at that point . blood meals max out at 999 currently . they could be used to increase your " collections " , but their main value is in bringing up skill levels for familiars by doing the ' blood brothers ' vaporizing thing . at 100+ , i would try only for long-shot uc chances , as those net you 45 skill points , unless you really need the common variety for boosting . given the limit of familiars you can hold , the common ones start to become more trouble than they are worth . you will still want to keep some blood meals for events , as they might be useful for catching the tournament type of familiars .
i do not believe this is currently possible with respect to controlling each piston in a completely independent manner from all the other pistons . it is possible to isolate the inputs to each piston such that they can be independently extended , but the problem arises when you want to independently retract them . here is the key point from the " bugs " section of the minecraft wiki for pistons : if two extended pistons are one above the other , the lower one cannot retract until the upper one retracts ( video explanation ) . if the top one will start extending while bottom one is still retracting , the last will start extending as well . the only possible solution i can think of would be to retract all higher pistons whenever a given piston needs to retract , then return them to their previous state ( if they were extended ) after a brief delay . this is the only way to ensure that a given piston can retract , but would require more complicated redstone circuitry . it would also mean that the pistons are not acting in a completely independent fashion , since changes to lower pistons would transiently affect the states of higher pistons . to illustrate proof of concept for this solution ( transiently resetting all higher pistons to their retracted state ) i built a simple 2-piston stack : the lever on the left controls the lower piston , and the lever on the right controls the upper piston . here 's a view from the top showing how it is all wired up in back : the left lever drives the lower piston directly , but the right lever drives another piston that opens and closes a circuit delivering power to the upper piston ( basically , an and gate ) . the " power " in this case comes from two or -ed signals : one is the left lever signal passed through a repeater with a 1-tick delay ( coming from the left in the image ) and the other is the left lever signal inverted then passed through a repeater with a 2-tick delay ( coming from the top in the image ) . this design creates a scenario whereby power is continuously supplied for use by the upper piston if the lever for the lower piston is in the on state , off state , or transitioning from off to on . however , when transitioning from on to off , the power to the upper piston will be temporarily disconnected . if in the extended state , the upper piston will momentarily retract long enough for the lower piston to retract before returning to the extended state . extending this solution to a larger stack of pistons is an exercise i will gladly leave to the reader . i for one am hoping they will simply correct the bug . ; )
geralt 's amnesia started in the beginning of the first game , it has nothing to do with save files . geralt does not remember most of what happened to him in sapkovsky 's books . as far as i remember there was no crinfrid reavers in the first game .
this video here provides an excellent way of getting gold badge on this level . you have the right idea , you want to make them circle around , one of the best areas to do so is right at the beginning .
run into debt . let your family die of sickness give the investigator the coded ezic documents on day 12 . accept the ezic gift , but do not let the second ezic agent pass . kill an innocent person with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot an innocent person with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill a guard with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot a guard with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill the man in red on day 23 with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot the man in red on day 23 with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) have unauthorized hangings on the wall during inspection after being warned previously . arrest shae on day 25 to get this ending on day 26 . do not work with ezic , and stop them from blowing up your booth on day 31 , but let them blow up the wall . work with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 . work with ezic , but kill them after they have blown up the wall on day 31 . escape to obristan work sometimes with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall and your booth . escape to obristan with your whole family work with ezic and let them blow up the wall on day 31 . do not work with ezic and stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 .
yes , the concentration mod will stack with the infiltrator 's operational mastery , or the soldier 's adrenaline rush . the spare thermal clip upgrade increases your overall ammo capacity for the rifle , but does not impact the clip size . so , in the case of the mantis , your clip size will always be one . your spare ammo capacity , on the other hand , will be increased by the given percentage , rounded down ( need to verify the rounding , but memory-maths tells me this is the case ) . the extended scope upgrade highlights targets within the smoke , using an orange/red outline . i found this had mixed success depending on how close the target was to the smoke , since sometimes they would fade out of view .
the max level is 5 for mods , period . you should not have to play a new game plus to get them , though you will have to get to the end of the game for them all to unlock , they are not available from the start . you might have to play a new game plus to get the credits to afford all of them however , especially if you spend lots of credits on other items .
flash and teleport are forbidden ( for evident reasons ) , all the others ( including ghost ) are allowed . basically , you can not cast anything teleporting you nor trigger an action that uses your tail ( as it is used by ulti ) , these actions include auto-attacks and e .
the items you dig up from graves ( other than amulets ) seem to be purpose-built for researching -- they only require a shovel to acquire , and they give 80 research a piece . the only other use for them is to trade them for gold with the pig king . amulets , as of the nov 27 , 2012 update , provide resurrection upon death ; amulets are probably too valuable to most players to exchange for research . tallbird eggs ( cooked or uncooked ) give 80 research as well , but fried tallbird eggs are a great food source -- if you have plenty of food and just want research points , this is a good option ( and a better option than researching a bunch of other food to save the egg ) . similarly , mandrakes give 100 research ( also cooked or uncooked ) . these are quite rare . you can cook the mandrake to get the day-skipping effect and then use it to fuel research afterwards . again , the sacrifice here is the very good food item , but if you have loads of food anyway , this is not a terrible option . torches are a good renewable source of research points -- as far as i know , all crafted tools in the basic tier give 10 research points at 100% durability . torches can be created with just straw and twigs , compared to the other tools which require you to use some of your flint ( which is not a renewable resource ) . rope is a decent choice if all you have is grass , but torches are more efficient if you also have twigs . if you have food to spare , cooked food gives more points than raw equivalents . cooked monster meat is the first food i would sacrifice , at 7 points a piece , due to the negative effects of monster meat . a ( partial ) list of items with research point values can be found on the wikia , although this does not indicate the worth of items in other aspects of the game . to address the portion of the question about things you should never throw into the machine , i would say never throw in any stone or flint ( or anything created with stone or flint ) because stone and flint are not renewable in any way . the diggable plants that you can harvest are not renewable ( although the resources you gather off of them are ) . berry bushes ( and possibly reeds ) might be few enough and valuable enough that you would not want to destroy them . grass plants and saplings are not renewable , but are common enough it would not hurt to toss quite a few of them into the machine . the arqade question on renewable resources is a good place to start when trying to figure out what you should hoard rather than use for research .
i am not sure ( only got one gaming pc so can not test ) , but i guess it has to do with the size of skyrim savegames ( they are rather huge ) . i would suggest - as you probably want an immediate solution - to simply use the old fashioned way : copy the files yourself . you do not have to worry about inconsistent cloud states ( like overwriting newer saves by accident ) , because the file names are unique ( just make sure to create a new savegame once you have played ) . just copy the savegames you need from your desktop pc to your laptop . you can find the files in the following folder ( just create it , if it does not exist ) : My Documents > My Games > Skyrim > Saves the file names should be the same as they are in the game , with an attached .ess file extension . pick the savegames you had like to take with you and copy them to the same location on your laptop . once you are back home , do the same in reverse . also , you can remove old save games by simply removing them from that directory ( e . g . deleting them or moving them to a backup drive with more space ) .
critical hits pack more punch , basically . a critical hit deals 300% the base damage of a weapon , disregarding distance between you and the target and random damage spread . in other words , you will always deal the same amount of damage no matter your luck and distance , so long as your shot hits your target . splash damage works normally , except obviously it'll deal thrice the punch . unless random crits are disabled , every time you fire your gun* you have a chance to shoot a random critical shot . chances range from 2% to 15% based on how much damage you have dealt ( or your buildings have dealt , or your medigun patients have dealt ) in the last 20 seconds . ( for melee weapons , the chances are 15% to 65% . watch out for those wrenches and medic saws ! ) *for the miniguns , the flamethrowers , the syringe guns , the pistols and other such weapons you only roll for crits once per second . a successful roll , however , grants you two seconds of guaranteed random critical hits . additionally , some weapons have guaranteed ways to obtain critical hits ( like all spy knives when attacking from behind ) , some weapons have no ways to obtain critical hits whatsoever ( like the cow mangler ) , and some are in between ( the flare gun will crit enemies on fire as well as deal random critical hits . ) a mini-crit is , instead , a simple 35% damage bonus after distance ramp-up ( the damage bonus you get for hitting enemies up close ) but without distance fall-off ( the damage penalty you get for hitting enemies from a distance ) . damage spread is also applied . you can only deal minicrits if something causes you to ; the tf2 wiki has a list of such situations . most notable are : jarate , buff banner , airblasted non-crit projectiles , death marks . read more about damage ramp-up and fall-off here .
no , there is no time limit . merely using a power or dealing damage to an enemy will grant you an assist , no matter how long it has been .
as far as i know , nothing will happen . so yes , return manually . it felt kinda weird to not get any feedback , but i liked the empty feeling it left me with .
steam does not patch heroes 6 . it is patchable through the ubisoft installer application which in turn is installed by steam when it enters the prerequisite stage of the game installation phase . whenever you launch homm 6 via steam it automatically launches the ubisoft application which checks if there is a new patch . if you want to know the version of the game , you can find it in the main menu in the lower right/left corner .
put a zombie in the room with the prisoner .
the reason why people do the bounties in act 1 normal is the so called " split farming act 1" . split farming is the term for everyone going to a different bounty and completeing it . people who do this want to get as much rift keystones as possible to be able to farm nephalem rifts endlessly . another reason is that in act 1 bounty rewards there is the most wanted ring in the whole game . this ring can only be found in act 1 rewards , so people can specifically farm for it .
the basic principle of starting minecarts with powered rails is that the minecart needs to " know which way to go " . by this , i mean there must only be one possible way for the minecart to move . a sloped powered rail works because the minecart knows to move downhill . another way to do this without sloping the rail is to put a solid block on one side of the powered rail . by doing this , the minecart should start moving the other way when the rail is powered .
no , the craft bonuses are applied regardless of where you place them in the production line . the important statistic that you should base your consideration on are as follows ; this means that you should assign your workers to the roles they are best suited to based on the statistics bonuses for each role below ; cleaning - patience cooking - intelligence and dexterity fermenting - intelligence and patience packaging - dexterity choosing a worker with statistics that match the role requirements will improve the quality of your brew in addition to the craft bonuses .
that is correct . once you can not level any more , the only way to increase health/magicka/stamina is from gear or spell/potion effects .
your monitor will not care about pal or ntsc . as for connecting it to your tv , you could find out if your tv has the option of swapping between pal and ntsc . as for regional issues , there will be some potential issues but this chart should provide you with enough information to help decide on what games to buy from where .
your question is not correct . it is advantageous to flank an enemy , because it gives you better chance to hit . but if your chance to hit is , say , 90% , it does not matter if you are flanking - flanking is already factored in these 90% , and your chance to hit is 90% . there are no " normal ninety percent " and " flanking ninety percent " , that would be kind of stupid . to guarantee a hit , you need to guarantee a hit - i.e. get a one hundred percent chance . i have missed from 98% percent , and this is correct - approximately two shots out of 100 should miss . the only thing you can do to " game " hit percentages is reload and shoot in a different order . the game remembers random number generator state after save-load , and will always roll same numbers for same actions - but you can switch your shots around to miss with low-damage shot and then hit with a high-damage one . edit : upcoming enemy within expansion is promised to have a configurable option of saving random number generator state . i.e. with it off , you would be able to simple reload and take the shot until the outcome becomes " fair " ; - )
try opening the cd tray and closing it . the game then unhangs and continues as usual . you may stop hearing the music for a little bit , but it should restore and keep playing . this trick is not very well known , but it helps with this specific game .
the point of the game is to work together as a team to defeat the enemy team . there are now two primary modes : multiplayer - you and your team take on another team of human players in a game on one of several types of maps including : capture the flag king of the hill payload ( one team attempts to " push " a cart along a track to the other player 's base ) control point and others . . . co-op ( aka : mann vs . machine ) - you and your team work together to fend off wave after wave of ai controlled " robots " . keep in mind tf2 is a " class based " shooter , which has nine roles , which each play very differently . scout : a fast light class that captures points more quickly . soldier : a slightly heavy class that carries a rocket launcher . pyro : a short range , mid weight class with a flamethrower , which is great for rooting out spies . heavy : a very heavy , slow class with lots of hp and a fully auto " mini-gun " . demoman : a mid weight class that carries explosive weapons , including the remotely detonated sticky bombs . engineer : a mid weight class that focuses on building buildings on the map such as sentry guns and dispensers that supply health and ammo to your team . medic : the ubiquitous healer with a heart of stone . sniper : a mid weight class with a sniper rifle . spy : a spy that can turn invisible , disguise as a member of the opposing team , and kill with a single backstab . your choice of starting class will likely depend on your experience in other games . soldier , heavy , and sniper will probably be the most familiar to players of fps . if you have not played a lot of fps i would suggest pyro , since it is a little less particular about aim , and does not require the strategy of medic or engineer . the game does feature training which i would suggest using before jumping in , it'll get you familiar with the classes and controls . after that find a multiplayer game and jump in . you may also want to check out the official tf2 wiki .
nope , the game will force you every time you have to get one . but you can go and put them in their socket at anytime you want ( after the related present mission ) . i did not do it before they asked me to do it in the main game .
i have not yet found any use for the multiples . i just sell them when i get the chance .
i quote the elder scrolls wikia : at the end of raldbthar there is a dwarven mechanism which you lack the necessary item to activate . ( first dark brotherhood contract area for muiri ) the item is an attunement sphere found in other dwemer ruins . to unlock the mechanism you need to travel north of winterhold . carefully walk down the mountain , or jump off the bridge path to the college and pray you land in the water ( not suggested ) then swim north past skytemple ruins , to a cave called septimus signus 's outpost . once you have talked to septimus he will give you a quest called discerning the transmundane and give you key to open the dwarven mechanisms . raldbthar connects to blackreach ( by going through the mechanism ) which is part of the discerning the transmundane quest , so if you dont want to explore the location septumus suggests or if you already went through that gigantic location and dont want to retun yet , then you can ignore the mechanism . tes:v wikia
in the college of winterhold 's living quarters , you can find a black market merchant named enthir - he will sell you black soul gems for something like 1200 or 1300 septims .
you have to change the class in the Other Qualifications section . for example , you have to change Philosophy, Class 1 to Philosophy, Class 3 , then save .
i am currently enjoying playing the 2008 prince of persia game on the xbox 360 ( but its also available on ps3 and pc ) . it is relatively easy so far and quite a few reviews for the game suggest this too
blizzard recently added a new custom map which makes it pretty easy to do this using the map burning tide . a full guide to beating the insane ai on this map can be found on youtube ( also read the description ) . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpsp12u-9_g this method worked for me in patch 1.1.1 - i am not sure if it is still working but you should give it a try ; )
no - i would not be worried about overwriting buildings . from the beta testing i did i did not notice any negative effects from destroying properties while placing new structures . you are right that overlapping a structure over an rci zone will not dezone that area - meaning that any buildings destroyed will free up the remainder of the space to allow new rci buildings to be built in the smaller space that is left . destroying the rci building would have removed the home or job for whichever sims live or work there , but the employment model in simcity is that agents simply travel around until they find a workplace requiring the type of agent they are ( ie : high wealth ) . in the event that any unhappiness is generated by the placement of the new structure , this would be counteracted by the happiness generated from placing the new structure . for example , you will generate happiness in the region by placing schools , parks , police or fire stations in a residential area , placing casinos or other commercial buildings in commercial sectors , or placing large industrial buildings ( including power plants ) in industrial zones .
when dismissed , you can choose whether your companions return to your suite at the lucky 38 or the location you originally met them . . this travel is immediate , they do not walk through the wastes . ( note : the option to send them to the lucky 38 only exists if you have unlocked it by speaking to mr . house . )
when a carrier is idle or attack-moving , it will launch its interceptors against any hostile targets it sees in attack range ( range 8 ) . if it is attack-moving , it will also stop in place until out of combat . if you issue a move order to a carrier that is currently attacking a target , it will continue to attack that target until it dies or moves out of interceptor range ( range 14 ) , but will not switch to new ones . ( this behavior is inconsistent . if the carrier 's target dies while the carrier is moving , occasionally two or three interceptors will not return and switch to other targets . i have not been able to figure out the exact conditions triggering this . ) ( source of range numbers )
it is called a breaching charge . i believe in the cod series they tend to use " frame charges " for breaching . it is used specifically for explosive door breaching . a breaching charge is a type of shaped charge , which focuses the force of a blast in a specific direction in order to accomplish a specific purpose .
the reward is a bit more challenging playthrough : mobs hit for more damage mobs have higher hitpoints much larger no-cancel radius for creeper explosions if your hunger bar depletes , you will die ( your health stabilizes on lower levels ) zombies break down doors only way to play " hardcore " mode ( i.e. . , you die , your world 's deleted )
these symbols are called shadowmarks . glossary of shadowmarks ( all of the below comes from the in-game book , " shadowmarks" ) " the guild " this is the symbol for the guild . this means the place is as safe as the flagon 's cistern . if you see this shadowmark , someone from the guild is nearby for certain . " safe " we usually leave this shadowmark when we have scouted and found a safe way around something , a hallway without traps or maybe a house that is already cleared out . if you see one of these , head the way it is pointing and you will be fine . " danger " if you see this shadowmark , head the other way or take your life in your own hands . it means there is something ahead or beyond that door that wants to turn you inside-out . " escape route " now , on the rare occasion ( it better be a rare occasion if you want to work in the guild ) that you find yourself in jail , look for this little beauty . you see this shadowmark and escape is just a few steps away . " protected " we put these shadowmarks on places we do not want you to go . as in stay out of there or there is going to be a boot up the backside . these people are under the guild 's protection and should never be robbed or assaulted . " fence " this should quickly become your favorite shadowmark . the person near this mark will buy your . . . hard-earned stolen goods for a fair price . " thieves ' cache " who says we only take and never give back ? if you find this shadowmark near a chest or maybe a hollowed log , you are in for a surprise . . . a gift from the guild for the thief in the field . whoever said membership did not have its privileges ? " loot " there is something near this shadowmark worth stealing . saves you from breaking into a place only to find the people do not even have two septim to rub together . " empty " the opposite of the loot shadowmark . pass on this place , there is nothing inside .
i am hesitant to post anything that might be misconstrued as being " in favor " of pirating games , but i do not think its really possible to appreciate the disadvantages of pirating games without also looking at the other side of things . first up , the advantages of piracy : its cheaper ( duh ) it can be difficult to find places that still sell older games many games are not available for online download legally ( which is irritating as an impatient " i want to play it now ! " sort of person ) many drm systems have an activation limit which players may legitimately reach if they change or reconfigure their pc often . obviously pirated games have no such limitations . there have been instances of drm system failures making games unplayable , sometimes for days . again pirated copies were not affected . some drm systems also required an internet connection in order to play , again pirated copies had no such restrictions . for games that require that the cd be present pirates can use a mounted cd-rom image instead . certain invasive drm systems have even been reported to introduce security vulnerabilities and performance issues ( however i am not aware of any cases where these were actually exploited ) the reasons why you should buy your games : its a hassle to install priated games pirated games are often impossible to update pirated games come from an untrusted source and may contain viruses or other harmful software certain platforms ( e . g . consoles / iphone ) require that the platform be " chipped " or " jailbroken " in order to run pirated games . this can be risky , prevent you from running legally obtained games and will invariably invalidate your warranty . online multiplayer is often not possible with pirated copies you do not get any manuals or other " merchandise " with the game ( also think about games like guitar hero ) price is obviously a compelling factor as to why people pirate games , but many of the other advantages of pirated games are related to invasive and over-zealous drm systems - console games generally do not have these problems and i think the situation is improving for pc games ( admitedly after a wave of bad press over games like spore ) . systems like steam and the appstore are also doing a lot to incentive the would-be pirate into paying for their games by providing demos , easy online purchasing and download of games , and ( in the case of steam ) standardised high-quality drm systems that are less invasive for the user . another big plus in favor of buying your games is online play - online play is difficult ( if not impossible ) for most modern pirated games . also pirated games can be difficult to obtain and install . the other big plus in favor of paying for your games is that you are supporting the developer . as others have already mentioned gamers benefit in the long run by voting with their wallet - in the past when money has been short i fully admit to having copied games , but i have always made sure that i go back and pay someone some money for the games that i enjoyed .
as oak has said , the seed is used to seed a pseudo random number generator , which makes it ( in practice ) impossible to determine . however , to make things worse , the given seed is first run through a hash function ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hash_function ) that ( should ) generate wildly different values with the changing of 1 letter . in short , there is no useful correlation between the seed input ( "gargamel " for example ) and the seed used ( some number ) . and even if there was it would not get you very far . update ( for clarification ) : this does not mean that using the same seed will generate a different map ( else sites like minecraftseeds . info would not work ) , the hash function will always generate the same output given the same input and the pseudo random number generator will always create the same sequence from this number . it does mean however , that changing one bit of the seed ( say , " gargamel " versus " gbrgamel" ) will create a different map , which will usually have very little in common with the first map .
taken from the changelog for 1.7.2 on the minecraft wiki fishing changes to fishing mechanics items other than fish can be obtained by fishing . fish : 4 items total , including raw fish , raw salmon , clownfish , and pufferfish . treasure : 7 items total , including enchanted fishing rods , enchanted bow , enchanted books , name tags , tripwire hook , lilypads , and saddles . junk : 11 items total , including damaged fishing rods , water bottles , rotten flesh , string , leather , bowls , sticks , boots or damaged boots . new enchantments for fishing rods that can change your luck when fishing . lure - reduces wait time to catch an item . luck of the sea - increases chance of getting treasure and decreases chance of getting junk .
i feel like there are usually a bunch of magic items there as well . a good option if you want to search for cheap equipment is to enter maximum buyout price when searching . at lower prices , the proportion of blue items tends to be higher .
the recently released patch should alleviate the issue , if not , try using msconfig to disable sound drivers you are not using on startup ( startup tab ) . if that does not work , go to device manager and disable sound devices you are not using .
the 1st door can be cleared right after starting part 2 of the game when you are in your low 20s . it seems the key is to have a strong weapon from that part of the game . the 2nd door will kill you in 1 or 2 hits in the first chamber at that level . it can be cleared easily in the mid-20s . the 3rd door can be cleared in the late 20s with a suitably upgraded weapon . just be careful of the 3rd boss on the bridge , it can kill in 1 hit !
i am guessing : verifying the game is legit ( drm ) . verifying the game is up-to-date . verifying the requirements for the game ( e . g . directx ) are still met . although ( 3 ) should theoretically only be checked on the first run , i am pretty sure it is actually checked on every run - i saw a few games that always show a brief " installing directx " line even after the first run . maybe it is done to verify no hardware or software changes were made to the system that can break the game . this is just a guess , though . . . if you want to know for sure , i suppose you can monitor the steam process at the moment it is launched ( e . g . with a network analyzer and some process monitor such as sysinternals ) .
here 's a quote from the developers : q : i changed the in-game resolution , how can i restore the original settings ? a : the game will auto-detect your monitor 's proper resolution on start-up . if you change your resolution and the proper one is not available in the options menu , you can have it auto-detect again by deleting your profile here ( exact location may vary ) : "\program files\steam\userdata\33142021\107100\local " source
according to this faq , fences simply look nice . if you like how a farm looks with a fence , keep ' em around and maintain them . if you do not care , do not use ' em ! i always used them to separate parts of my farm for organizational purposes .
no , you can not receive medical attention in adventure mode . you can fully regenerate by turning into a werebeast and back , which happens every full moon if you are infected by a werebeast 's attacks . the next best thing to do is to wait ( doing so by traveling on the world map is easiest ) . it is a good idea to skinny dip after getting injured to prevent infections , preferably in running or at least not stagnant water . .
i am fairly late on this question but in case someone wanders . so this is the path to the saskia and zoltan , what you have to do is just go back the same way . door behind them is used for vergen besieged and acquired key is for the door marked with 7 , really not shure why there is a door protecting few monsters . other marks : 1 pontar valley 2 bullvore 3 zoltan and saskia – connected with hatred symbolized . 4 adam pangratt and the mercenaries – connected with vergen besieged . 5 dethmold and adam pangratt – connected with vergen besieged . 6 vergen exit – accessible only during vergen besieged . ! nekkers , rotfiends
there are two ways i know of to create a new village : transplant villagers from an existing village : it is possible to transport villagers from an existing village , such as by placing them in a minecart , but two criteria must be met for them to stay where you unload them : they must be at least 32 blocks from the " center " of the existing village , or else they will simply return to the village . there must be homes at the new village , or else they will simply wander . the wiki discusses what constitutes a " house " and also suggests a number of designs you can use . cure some zombies : as the answer to this question indicates , zombies that spawn either in the wild or from spawners have a chance ( 10% ) of being a zombie villager , which can then be cured using a splash potion of weakness and a golden apple . if you build a village according to the links i gave above , you can then populate it with nearby randomly-spawned zombie villagers that you have cured of their zombie status .
i can not see any keybindings for it either , however you can never go wrong using fraps for your game screenshots . it'll work with any thing .
a quick youtube search pulled up the following video , which helps demonstrate what i am about to tell you you need to do . basically , you should not try to reach the wall under bandage girl , as your position on the wall there prevents you from getting enough vertical boost from the repulsor to safely clear the buzz saw . if you jump from the ( safe ) flat ground before the final repulsor , you can easily clear the buzzsaw , as the video shows . edit : okay , now that you have posted a picture , i have misattributed the source wall of your frustrations . in that case , the answer is much simpler -- you are not supposed to end up on that wall . you need to get over the buzzsaw and inside the 2nd building from the repulsor .
yes , they are all available . the poi you are missing is called the lost grotto . it is tricky because the entrance to the area is across the map . i have marked the area you need to start with a red x . head to those docks and then in between them , underwater , you will find a tunnel . swim through that tunnel and follow the way through across the zone to find the lost grotto . it is a secret base for the order of whispers . you can also check out this youtube video : the vista you are missing is another one that is tricky to get . take the farshore waypoint and run up to tokk 's mill . at the door , you need to jump on on the straw piles to the roof , then drop down behind them . there is a tunnel/door hidden by some hanging vines to the right after you jump down . you will need to climb some more rocks and then you will see the vista . you can see this process in the following video :
the blacksmith costs more gold to level than the jeweler . much more . at all likelyhood , you will be easily able to keep the jeweler at a similar level to your character ( that is , making gems of the appropriate level ) while the blacksmith will start to lag behind . at any rate , the bottleneck and primary gold sink is definitely the blacksmith , so leveling up the two at the same time is definitely viable , simply because the total cost of the jewler is essentially an afterthought .
to draw on it , you need to fi to acknowledge that you have found the symbol template . then go to the incomplete symbol and hold your sword up and do not do a strike ! instead you must let it charge , and go up to the symbol , then after a second or two you can draw to finish the symbol . it is similar to the process that you use for the goddess walls .
how it works when gameshark ( and other game enhancer products/homebrew ) gets loaded by the console , the enhancer is what launches the actual game . in doing so , it leaves behind a code handler in the system ram and " hooks " the game 's programming . specific locations in a game 's programming that get executed roughly every frame ( like reading the controller data ) are where " hooks " will be placed . ( because sdks are used , this makes finding hooks that work in all games for a system much easier ) what the hook actually does is redirect the flow of programming to the code handler the enhancer left behind . once the code handler is finished executing , it returns the flow of programming back to the point of hijacking . if you are familiar with gameshark 's " master code " , that is what sets the hook . ( other enhancers - like gecko os for wii - do not need master codes because the enhancer itself has a handful of sdk-based hooks that it can " find " in the game while it loads . ) structure of codes now a code itself is separated into three parts : the codetype ( this is usually the first byte of the code-- the first 2 hex characters ) . codetypes are specific to the enhancer . the address in ram that the codetype will use . the value the codetype will use at the specified address . the most common codetypes are : ram writes ( typical options are 8bit , 16bit , or 32bit ) with ram write , the codehandler will take the value and place it at the address . ( changing whatever was there , like setting your health to 100 ! ) conditionals ( typical options are > , &lt ; , = , ! = ) with conditionals , the codehander reads the value at the code 's address and compares it to the value in the code . if the comparison returns true , then the codehander will execute the next line in the code . ( how many lines it executes is up to the enhancer and often is an option in the codetype itself ! ) there is plenty more info we could dive into , but that should give you a good basis for understanding . = ) source : game hacker since 1999 , founder of http://geckocodes.org
chubbies have a small chance of spawning from pre-set locations i believe . so if you revisit the areas that might have them repeatedly you might see one . they are extremely rare though . two known spawn locations are : right outside hero 's pass , in the eridian blight . there is a chubby rakk . i have seen this one myself . i have also been in this area about 100 times looking for donkey mong and never saw a second one ( or donkey mong ) so the rate seems to be very very low . right inside the caustic caverns there is a chubby varkid spawn location . i have gone through this area maybe 2-3 dozen times ? and never seen it . i would not bother actively seeking these guys . as with most " rare " things in borderlands 2 , they are far too rare to make actively hunting them any fun . for the record i am at over 150 hours game time and i have seen one . allegedly the caustic caverns one is easy to make appear but i have never tried seeking it out . interestingly there is a lot of chubby rakk that spawn in an area in the tourge dlc in a specific area ( the only rakk in the whole dlc , a mission takes you to the area ) . these chubby rakk seem to be a 100% spawn but do not drop the special look ( or if they do it is an extremely low rate ) . i killed about 10 of them with no drops beyond ammo/cash .
i have seen the save icon respond after simply pushing shift .
i do not think there is a way to change the crew once it is been selected , unless you have a game save before you made the selection that you can revert to . i was unable to change the crew when i tried .
you will have all the unlockables at level 70 , although the maximum level is 99 .
well turns out i discovered the answer to this myself . fraps heavily writes to the hdd , and slows down the game if it can not write the videos fast enough . for me , this was because my hdd was becoming rapidly fragmented as fraps ran over long periods of time ( about 10% after 1 hour ) . this was causing fraps to not be able to keep up with the action . from my research , there are two fixes to this : record to a second hdd dedicated to fraps set fraps to record at a lower resolution or lower framerate . for instance , record at 30fps , but turn off framerate lock so the game is not reduced to 30fps ( probably the best solution ) . take a break every time fraps decides to slow down , and defrag your disk . i hope this helps someone out in the future !
they are food resources . they are similar to luxury/strategic resources in that they give you an additional bonus to the output of the hex if you build their corresponding building on the hex , but unlike luxury/strategic resources they do not provide any bonus other than to the output of the hex , and so they cannot be traded . other examples are fish , deer , and sheep .
ben brocka is correct that bosses will respawn , so all that matters is quest rewards that are unique . i have found a list someone else compiled of all missions that give unique loot ( source ) . a real boy : human -- lying pistol animal rights -- sniper " i infrequently perish " arms dealing -- one reward is a blue relic . not unique . maybe useful . bandit slaughter round 5 -- ar " what plaything can you offer me today ? " bearer of bad news -- ar best mother 's day ever -- purple shield . roid . very long delay bffs -- order ( unique shield ) chosen one -- evil smasher assault rifle . clan war : end of the rainbow -- shotgun " good things kill in threes " clan war : wakey wakey -- unique pistol or shield . clan war : zafords v hodunks -- smg or shotgun . cordially invited/tea party -- corrosive teapot cult following : the enkindling -- shield of the firehawk demon hunter -- red text ironsight sniper . doctor 's orders -- blue relic ? hell hath no fury -- grenade " it takes two to get one in trouble " home movies -- 2 blue relics to choose from hungry like the skag -- ar " oh sorry . was that your head ? " hyperion contract 873 -- talking sniper hyperion slaughter 5 -- sniper lost treasure -- lists as green pistol . possibly red text ? medical mystery : xcom-municate -- possible e-tech gun ? note for self person -- launcher " toasty " out of body experience -- talking shotgun overlooked : only a test - purple shield . " what do you mean theoretically " positive self image -- vehicle booster relic . no red text . still maybe rare . pretty good train robbery -- grenade . " make it rain " rakkaholic 's anonymous -- sniper or pistol safe and sound -- shotgun or unique relic . showdown -- red text relic . +shotgun damage , reload and ffyl . uncertain if it - **scales . slap happy -- shotgun . " octo means 9" splinter group -- shotgun . " do not retreat , instead reload ! " the bane -- the bane the good , the bad and the mordecai -- relic with +xp from combat . uncle teddy -- pistol or shotgun will not get fooled again -- law ? you . will . die . ( seriously . ) -- inconclusive . possibly irrelevant .
yes . depending on who you escaped with , you will see them again either by joining the stormcloadk rebellion , or by joining the imperial legion .
they will sometimes move automatically but for the most part you have to shoot them . do not feel bad , they are just b.o.b. s
yes , legacy names are unique per server and all your alt toons will have the same legacy name on that server . if i picked " stackexchange " as a legacy name on one server , no one else can pick that name on that server . but if they moved to another server where it was not taken , then it is up for grabs . better to identify people 's alts with . do not believe me ? take a look here and here .
looking at your water map , it looks like you have been pumping sewage through your water system : while placing your water pumps and sewage filtering system next to each other is the way to ensure you do not run out of water , you must replace all of your water pumps with filtration pumps , otherwise you will just be pumping sewage around your city , which will not only result in massive ground pollution but also make your sims seriously ill .
based on this video , that does appear to be a shiny pancham . congratulations . if you want to be sure , shinies apparently sparkle when you send them into battle as shown in the video this thread also indicates that the shiny pancham is brown . bulbapedia confirms that the star indicates that the pokemon is shiny .
the reason it is gold is because you bookmarked it through rockstar social club ; all bookmarked jobs ( missions , survival , deathmatches , races , etc . ) are highlighted in gold . if you log into your rockstar social club account , go to the gta v section , then go to " gta online " , you can find a list of your bookmarked jobs : there you can remove any bookmarked jobs . also , if you open your map and highlight that icon with your cursor , it should say " bookmarked ( job type ) " . hope this helps !
there is a fairly simple step-by-step guide on blizzard 's site : you will need to log into the auction house through diablo 3 by signing into diablo 3 and clicking auction house from the left-hand side of the character selection screen . in the top-right corner of the auction house , you can access the real-money auction house . to buy , in the buy tab , find something you want to buy using the search in the auction house , click on it and place a bid . to sell , in the sell tab , select the item in your inventory and set bidding criteria . use the auctions tab to view the status of your auctions . view the auction house faq for more .
as long as you delete your saved game and any wonder cards , you can continue to get the mystery gift until the promo stops . i already tried this myself and it worked .
i did not play the first part . a lot people ( like bobby ) think that the first part has more atmosphere , so to get a better whole picture of the series i would play the first part first . but for me playing only the second part ( had a new computer , wanted to play a new game . . . ) was absolutely ok - there were no big gaps in the story . if your intent is to play the whole series : start with the beginning as the story is continued through the games .
i emailed fingersoft support and they replied with this : the boost gauge indicates the use of turbo on vehicle that have it . sami-jukka piippo ( fingersoft ) this means the boost gauge is different for each vehicle , simply displaying the level of turbo on that particular vehicle . for example the tank has a high boost ( or turbo ) according to the hill climb wiki , making the boost gauge max out at a high position . this is shown in this picture : there is no boost that you can activate , nor does it give you an advantage when full . the boost gauge is accurate when at full rpm . the top boost can be affected by upgrades .
note : i do not have personal experience with any of these devices or shops . essentially , you need to modify the 3ds to intercept the video data and send it through an external output . what you need is specifically a 3ds capture board like this one . the site above only allows you to send in your system to have the modification performed , and it has to be the original 3ds , not the 3dsxl or 2ds . you can also buy pre-modded units from http://www.3dsvideocapture.com/ . to the best of my knowledge there are no diy kits available anywhere ; you have to send your device to the seller for installation , and this is , of course , only going to make it even more expensive . unless you are expecting to make heavy use of this functionality , it is unlikely to be worth the cost . if you happen to be a licensed 3ds developer , you can also obtain a development unit with capture functionality - however , these are not only significantly more expensive , but they are also not able to run retail cartridges , so it is only useful if you want to record a game you have developed yourself .
no , this always happens regardless . there is nothing you can do to avoid that outcome .
you need to : push all the way to the top right corner . if you use the gunner , you can use right click quickly to align your beams downwards and try to damage some of the bullet-spamming ships , just to avoid taking chances . the right position to be , then , is where you are damaging some of the ships below you . 10 seconds left . move swiftly to the left while keeping as high as possible as soon as the ships start firing straight at you . this lets you miraculously evade the bulk of the bullets . 7 seconds left . move to the right again to dodge everything again . 3 seconds left . go down a bit or you will be killed by a bullet that travels along the top border of the screen , and just dodge the remainder of the bullets .
yes , you can definitely grab gold bags during cutscenes . in fact , some will only be visible in cutscenes . also remember that you can find keys and potions lying around too .
sethbling rigged up a giant self-detonating creeper statue that would only detonate when people were within a chunk or two of it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phvwgtj1hsc sethbling 's videos are very short and sweet , so i will let him explain .
according to the wiki : sheep can spawn on grass blocks with a 2x2x1 ( minimum ) space above them . as a passive mob , they also require light to spawn . wolves can spawn in grass , in forest and taiga biomes . it does not seem like there is anything to stop wolves and sheep spawning in the same area . however , the wiki also says : mobs will frequently spawn in groups with mobs of the same variety . randomness for animal spawning is derived from the world seed , which means that worlds with the same seed will generate chunks with the same animals in the same places . very rarely , new animals can spawn in already generated chunks , just like monsters do so it seems unlikely that killing the wolves will have any effect on whether you get sheep . if you want to get wool you will probably have to go exploring , but if you are lucky you might get sheep spawning in an area you have already explored .
pools of darkness for the c64 ? i am quite sure that secret of the silver blades was the last ad and d-game for the c64 . but if you are really talking about pools of darkness , here are some hints : take only human characters in your party . all other races have level limits for all classes but thief . in fact humans will often start with a higher level than the maximum level other races can achieve . take six fighting classes ( fighter , ranger , paladin ) in your party and level them until they got 2 attacks/round . that would be level 13 for fighters and paladins and level 15 for rangers . than change their classes : i recommend to change three of them to mage , one to cleric and one to thief . as soon as you get you characters up to level 14 ( or 16 , if they were rangers ) , they will get back their old abilities in addition to the abilities of the new class . so you have casters with lots of hp , that are able to use efficiently all kinds of weapons . instead of equipping you characters with heavy armour , give them rings of protection , cloaks , bracers , etc . . this way you will get the lowest ac . one of my characters got an ac of -21 wearing the following with dex 18: silver shield +5 , bracers ac2 , ring of prot . +3 , helm+4 , cloak of prot . +4 . when you have created new characters you can choose to modify their attributes with the fitting option in the main menue . you can keep your armour in the planes beyond limbo , if remove your characters from the party before going there and add one party-member as a dummy . after you arrived just replace the dummy with you original characters . i think you have to keep at least one character in you party before you add the dummy .
your beans have not depreciated in value ; that particular merchant is simply not interested in purchasing them from you . they will show as grayed out in the trade window . if you wait for other merchants to arrive who want beans , you can trade with them .
kills you get using killstreak rewards gained on a previous life after you respawn do not count towards new killstreaks . so to answer your main question : no . also see here : stackexchange-url
as this wiki page suggests ( game mechanism tuning , did not tested myself ) , there is a xp chart for your soldiers : though kills does not make all . it does bring experience , as stated in does the type of kill matter for promotion ? , but all your promoted soldiers did not necessarily killed a target . it can be assumed that participating to a kill also grants some experience . furthermore , i think there is a mission bonus awarded to each surviving soldier . there are also bonus that can be bought through the soldier academy : wet work that increase the amount of experience gained and the new soldier auto-squaddie promotion come to my mind .
just zerg movement . zerg ( ground ) units move about 30% faster on creep ( notable exceptions being : queen , hydralisk and drones ) . additionally zerg can build on creep and non-zerg structures cannot be built on creep . you can actually use an overlord to spread creep at a number of expansions to slow down your opponent 's expansion rate . zerg structures off creep will slowly lose life and eventually die . the following units/buildings can produce creep : hatchery creep tumor ( built from the queen and other creep tumors ) overlord ( overseers cannot , additionally this is temporary ) nydus worm ( the worm , not the network ) creep will evaporate if left without a production source near by . its important to note that creep evaporates from the edge inward . as a result , if you remove creep production in an area that is not covered by , but is surrounded by , creep production , the creep will not evaporate . since people asked the following units are affected by creep in different ways : queen : 170% hydralisk : 50% drone : 0%
i tested this actually . took a while to grind so the eternal heart card would spawn on basement 1 . everything adds up . just because you can only see up to 12 containers ( of any kind ) doesnt mean that is the limit . i had managed to get up to 14 heart containers . that is , 12 full heart containers , and could still refill up to 2 empty non-displayed containers . then i lost count after getting several balls of steel pills @_@ tl ; dr : there are no limits on how many heart containers you can have , whether they are normal , soul or eternal heart containers . only 12 first containers are shown tho .
the extra ability is controlled by the command demon spell . normally , if you do not have a demon summoned , command demon is disabled . when you have a demon summoned , command demon becomes activatable and is replaced with a specific ability that relates to that demon : felguard : felstorm felhunter : spell lock imp : cauterize master succubus : whiplash voidwalker : disarm when you activate grimoire of sacrifice , your demon goes away , but instead of command demon going back to being disabled , it gets replaced with a different ability , depending on which demon you sacrificed : felguard : pursuit felhunter : spell lock imp : singe magic succubus : seduction voidwalker : shadow bulwark
a useful tool that i have run into out there is something called minecraft region fixer that may be able to help you solve your issue . minecraft region fixer is a command line-based tool that scans the files of a minecraft world save and checks the file structures to see if there are corrupted chunks , or if there are other issues with the world save as well . in my past experience using this tool , i did notice it was scanning the level . dat files for corruption , and it seemed to have the ability to repair the corrupted file . if you are not familiar with using a command line , it will be pretty easy if you read the author 's documentation on his post . he does a good job of being clear and thorough , and hopefully you will be able to use it to solve your problem !
i am almost sure it is , for the exact same reasons as you : the nature and the value of the card seems to be taken into account even before you effectively select and reveal it ( and hence can trigger achievements , for instance -- it happened to me as well ) . which , by the way , makes this system a bit pointless , not only because at the end of the day , you choice does not matter , but also because you will have to wait for everyone to chose his card before you can proceed to the next screen .
as of the 1.05 patch , there is now an option on the social tab to have auction house events show up in the chat log . this includes all the things that you would get as toasts when not in a game , such as being outbid , having an item sell , winning an auction , etc .
they need to be ported . the official line is that the psp xperia is a " playstation phone " and not a " playstation portable " . seems like a bit of a letdown if you ask me . here is a quote : " [ xperia play owners ] will have to repurchase the games , so it is not totally integrated . i think the exciting thing is that there are games which people are very , very aware of . "
when to buy those items is very situational : assuming generic ad carrys like graves , sivir , miss fortune or ashe , the first time you go back to base you should buy 1-2 dorans blades and a few healing potions instead . those items help you stay in lane longer with their health , lifesteal and damage bonus , which allows you to farm more gold before going back the next time . they are what empowers you to actually get that b.f. sword . do not buy berzerker greaves first because they do not actually help at all . you will not be attacking constantly but in bursts instead , so the dorans blade that you should buy instead actually has a bigger effect on trades . if you can stay in lane long enough because the opponent does not harass or is completely outclassed , you can get the b.f. sword immediately , but that rarely happens in a normal game . you need the small edge that dorans blades give . if you come back to lane without a dorans blade and your opponent has two of them , he can completely bully you around and free farm on a frozen lane while you sit under tower , not getting any farm or experience . also , if you can not afford the biggest component , for example for the infinity edge , you can get a smaller component like the pickaxe first ( after dorans blades ) , which still builds into the same item and makes you stronger in lane than if you would wait for the big item . " selling items is bad " is mostly true , but : if the item you are buying now is helping you to stay in lane longer ( i.e. . dorans blade/dorans ring ) then it is worth it because by staying in lane longer , you gain more gold than you lose from selling it . if you come back to base lacking 200 gold for your next major item ( infinity edge , bloodthirster , phantom dancer ) , going back into the fight without it would make you weaker now and potentially put you further behind than selling one of the dorans blades and getting the big item now . it is all about short term benefits giving you an edge to have a bigger advantage later . all of this is true in the same way for ap carrys with dorans rings .
you have many options here . many protoss players use proxy pylons placed in strategic locations on the map so you do not have to divert your attention too far away from the battle in order to warp in new units . you can even go so far as to bring a probe with you in battle to make pylons a short distance behind your army to help warp in units and also provide supply for the large army you are creating . hot keys can be used to great effect here if you practice a bit . double-tapping a hotkey will center the screen on that location , so if you have a pylon or other unit near a pylon where you want to warp hotkeyed , you can center location on it with a hotkey , hit w ( to select all your warpgates ) , shift+click a bunch , and then double-tap a hot key to go back to your army in a second or so with practice . remember also that it is generally a good idea not to queue units , so warp gates enforcing this is a good way to practice your macro for other protoss production buildings and if you ever plan on playing terran . you generally want to be spending your minerals on things you get now , rather than things you will get later . this is an important point which is mentioned often by day9 in his tutorial casts . most of all , just keep practicing .
do not be spotted . being spotted carries a sizable score penalty ( ~1250 ) and generally makes your life worse . kill enemies cleanly or subdue them . filling somebody with lead will cause a net loss of score even if you hide the body afterwards , landing a headshot or subduing a target will allow you to regain all of the lost points by hiding the body . never kill civilians , or you will get a big score penalty ( ~1350 ) . subduing them will not penalize you any worse than one-hitting or subduing an enemy . kill enemies when they are alone . shooting into a group of people will instantly make you spotted , even if you managed to kill them all before they can turn in your direction . you can use explosives to get away with it , but that will attract enemies and make your life harder . use signature kills - killing a target ( e . g . somebody you have to kill to complete the mission ) with your garrote wire or with an " accident " will award you a massive ( ~12500 ) bonus on top of the usual score boost ( ~6500 ) . use instinct to locate objects that can help you perform " accident " kills - things like fugu fish , lighter fluid , loose electric wires , etc . finish them challenges ! each challenge completes increases your score by 5% . often you can quickly do a couple of them , like get all the disguises , in a messy way , then reload and get the benefit of the challenge . go for the silent assassin bonus . to get it , you must only kill your targets ( only available in segments that have targets ) and never be spotted . subduing other enemies is ok . a supermassive ~65000 score boost . if you are worried about unlocking all technique , do not fret too much - there are more segments than techniques by quite a bit ( i would say about 10-15 ) , and you will unlock all of them by the time you end the game if you do not fail to reach the score target most of the time .
there are multiple ways to play dishonored , if you are playing by killing and still remaining hidden shadow kill is a useful skill as you do not have to take care of the bodies which can tip off enemies . as to your second question , a body being found also produces chaos in addition to that of killing .
the ati mobility radeon hd 4250 is part of the 4000-series which is 2 generations ahead of the 1000-series it recommends ( which is why the pixel/vertex shaders versions are fine ) , though the *2** ati graphics cards are among the " budget " models and generally underpowered . it is hard to compare notebook graphics to desktop as reviews are not generally going to compare them head-to-head , but some generic benchmarks might offer insight : x1950 pro default : 4640 sm 2.0: 1783 sm 3.0: 1931 hd 4250 ? : 1016-2110 ( depending on system , memory , cpu ) unfortunately i can not find the specifics of notebookcheck .net's ( their benchmark numbers above for the 4250 ) 3dmark06 test . if it is the " default " then it is clearly abysmal , otherwise it is somewhat competitive . a tom 's hardware guide table ranks the 4250 along with the ati 9700 , x800 , x1600 , etc . , 7 tiers below the x1950 pro and 6 below the nvidia 7800 gt . your experience will likely be " poor " on your current hardware , but what does that mean ? blizzard games in general scale extremely well to hardware , so cranking everything to low ( resolution included ) may afford you a " playable " game . i doubt the game developer wants it to simply be playable but something a bit more spectacular ( read : not ugly ) , so they may be a bit conservative in their requirements .
basically it makes you untargetable . which means that no skill in game can harm you while e-ing . it is also to make the skill a more satisfying melee gap closer countermove - jax leap strikes you ? e in place . you can then choose to escape with a second e or counter-attack and make it so they can not run from you .
go to the diablo 3 game guide . each class has a " progression " tab , that will show you exactly what skills , runes , and passives you unlock at each level . there is no way in-game to see what you recently unlocked .
there are quite a few difficulties you will run into by using the wiimote-alone controls . showstoppers you cannot use the up tilt attack properly . up tilts are used by attacking while pressing up without smashing . but on the wiimote , pressing up is always considered a smash ( it makes you jump ) , so the only way to use an up tilt is to begin holding up during some other action ( so that when the action 's over you are holding up and a smash is not recognized ) . it is difficult if not impossible ( or at least it is for me ) to angle forward tilts . quite a few f-tilts can be angled up or down , which alters their damage and hitbox location , but you have to have a very precise vertical position of the control stick which i do not think a d-pad can replicate . f-smashes can be angled because you can just hold up or down before the charge interval ends , but f-tilts have to be angled on startup . issues special moves that use analog controls are harder to manipulate . examples include quick attack , pk thunder , and fire fox : your ability to aim them is heavily limited . the default shield button is B , which is not exactly in a convenient location . the default grab button is either - ( which is even more out-of-the way than the shield button ) or A+B ( which if you do not get it right might make you taunt instead ) . you cannot shift your shield . with a control stick you can reposition your shield by moving the stick around . but with a d-pad , pressing any direction results in enough of an input to cause you to jump , roll , or sidestep . shield shifting is useful if your shield is a bit small and you can see an attack going for an exposed bit . niggles there is no " quick smash " option like the gamecube/classic controller 's c-stick or the wiimote+nunchuk 's shake smash . yes you can get a quick f-smash by pressing 1+2 , but the other two smashes do not have an equivalent ( pressing 1+2 with up or down is basically the same result as just 2 . ) you cannot walk slowly . notes you can shorthop with wiimote-alone , and it is no tricker than with other controllers . using a wiimote-nunchuck will fix all these problems ; having a control stick really is the way to go and all the button functions are in more accesible locations ( except for maybe the side taunt ) . smash bros . was simply not designed for d-pad use .
you can earn a heart piece if you catch a fish as a kid , and the golden scale ( which allows deeper , longer diving ) as an adult . as per krazer , in the comments , there is a 50 rupee reward from catching the loach , and the owner will refuse to keep it in the fish tank ( where your record catch is usually displayed ) .
it is as simple as pressing the corresponding number ( plus alt , possibly only on mac ) . i have not tested if it works with the number pad , but i know it works with the number row .
the solution is to turn off all cheats before doing story missions .
if you do not have a key for the original supreme commander you will be limited to only playing the new faction the seraphim in online play . the campaign for forged alliance is significantly shorter than the original game . forged alliance contains a total of six missions ( for which you can choose to play as uef , aion or cybran ) . the original game contains eighteen missions in total ( six for each faction ) .
very good question , i am pretty sure i have figured it out and its a bit disappointing . i think i know this for version 1.2.1 . also i think there is a bug in the scoring . you get a fixed amount of points for killing creeps ( differs per wave ) and for lives left after wave 20 ( 2000 per life ) . besides that you get points for calling a wave early , 250 per wave , going down if you wait longer . however if you call the wave before the previous wave is dead ( an the timer for the next wave starts ) you do not get any points , i think that is a bug . one thing i have not explicitly checked is if you get more points for fast forward , but i am pretty sure you do not . this sadly enough also means that the absolute max score lies somewhere around 57.500-58.000 points when playing on hard , even when you easily beat all the waves there is no way to get a higher score . i hope the developers add an infinite waves mode , fix the bugs with sending waves early and allowing 2 waves at the same time and/or add an extra difficulty level . cause it would easily make me play all levels another 10 times ; )
the protection enchantment only applies to that piece of armor , so while they do not " stack " with one piece affecting other pieces , wearing a full set of protection iv protects you more than wearing just one piece .
while i can not shed any light on how to troubleshoot your file transfer issues , i can shed some light on how mass effect 2 saves work ( and this should be true across all platforms ) . every mass effect 2 save file has a " questcompletion " variable that can be one of three values . gibbed 's save editor has dubbed these , " quest incomplete " , " lived to fight again " , and " went out in a blaze of glory " . there is no " mission complete " save generated by me2 like there is in me1 . instead , every save file has this variable in one of the three states . presumably , only saves where shepherd " lived to fight again " will be viable to import , as bioware has previously stated dead commander shepherds will not be importable into me3 . ( and obviously , you can not import without beating the game ) .
the decision is based upon how many roaches you have versus how many roaches they have and if you have to engage them in a battle right at that moment . in this type of mirror match you always want to try to catch them not watching or when you have an advantage . lets take a look at the two abilities . fungal growth : aoe damage , 30 ( 40 to armored ) over 4 seconds . casted by the player . holds the affected targets in place . spawn infested terran : eggs that take 5 seconds to hatch , have a 100 health . hatched infested terran has 50 health , lives for 30 seconds and does 8 base damage per attack . at a quick look the fungal does more damage straight up . but there are hidden bonuses that casting infested terran has . for starters their eggs soak up a lot of extra damage . at 100 health , that is 100 damage that your roaches are not taking . and they also spit out a little damage back , and in large number do significant damage , especially if they are upgraded . but mainly infested terrans are there for soaking up damage in the scenario of this question . if you have more roaches , you always want to use fungals over infested marines . you want to hold his army in place so that you can destroy it while keeping your army . if you have a lot of energy throw in infested terrans too so they can soak up damage as mentioned before . the less damage your roaches take , the better . you want to save energy for more fungals for the next engagement so you do not want to spend all your energy on spawning infested terrans in your fight ( unless it is the killing blow , or it is going to be really close battle ) . if you do not have enough energy to fungal and you see that they have more roaches and a few infestors , run . it is the exact opposite of the situation above and your army will be held in place and decimated . their fungals will hold you in place and your infested terrans will not do anything against their army . you want to reinforce your army and try to take them on when you can fungal as well . otherwise you are engaging at a dps disadvantage . long story short , you always want to save your energy for fungal growth because it does more damage . when roaches are clumped up , you can catch somewhere around 7 to 8 roaches . at 7 roaches , that is 280 damage for one cast costing 75 energy . even when they are spread out in the arc of roaches vs roaches you will catch at least 4 per cast , that is still 160 damage done by fungal . by comparison a single infested terran egg for 50 energy will be killed off by those 4 or 7 roaches before they even hatch . so if you do not have enough energy for a fungal , run away until you do because that much damage during a battle makes a really significant difference in the outcome . you may be choosing to lose a base at this point , but it is definitely worth losing 300 minerals than losing your whole army .
there are several things that can cause a deal to be canceled : the customer ( the one with the trash ) does not have a minimum amount of money in the bank . something like twice the cities total budget for a month . if you are out of money , your only option is loading from where you saved the city last , or taking out a loan . i have had this kill cities before . service provider ( the one burning the trash ) does not have enough capacity . note that when you are playing as the customer , the service provider 's info is locked in : the capacity for each month and the total trash collected do not change no matter how many months you play as the customer . this means there is no chance the service provider 's land fills are full , but rather that the customer is making too much trash each month for the service provider to take . the connection is broken . simple enough , the roads/powerlines/pipes have been demolished due to a mis-click or disaster or something . in any of these cases , the deal is canceled automatically . you will have to open both cities , check that everything is ok , then re-initiate the deal . also , i believe you sometimes have to run a month in either city for any correction you have made ( such as building more landfill ) to be recognized , and allow you to restart the deal .
from this gamespot article the psp-3000 plays the same games and offers the same media support as the older psp models so all the games are backwards compatible . from wikipedia the psp-3000 . . . has an improved lcd screen with an increased color range , five times the contrast ratio , half the pixel response time to reduce ghosting and blurring effects , a new sub-pixel structure , a microphone , a new disc tray design , new button designs and logos , and anti-reflective technology to improve outdoor playability . it can also output all games by component or composite using the video out cable . [ 77 ] so it is better . the biggest improvements seem to be the reduced ghosting ( which still exists but is well , reduced ) and the anti-reflective technology .
for the most part no , console versions of harvest moon have not yet , to my knowledge ; i have played 5 of them to date and found no evidence of the latest ones having multiplayer . the portable console harvest moons have had some small multiplayer aspects ; harvest moon gbc 2 and 3 had trading features but no gameplay , but harvest moon : tale of two towns has simultaneous multiplayer in the multiplayer field . sounds like the 3ds version has improved multiplayer aspects like street pass ( and better resolution ) . tale of two towns is by far the closest to what you are after . rune factory 3 , also for the ds , is an rpg style spin off that has some of the core farming gameplay which also has a multiplayer dungeon . it would be the best/deepest multiplayer experience , but incorporates many rpg elements like combat as well as farming .
yes , there are more conversation options with the catalyst if you have completed the leviathan dlc . other than that , it is the same . i found this youtube video which shows the final conversation with the catalyst in more detail .
que faire ? it unlocks the library option in the cabin of the asmodeus . it is filled with a lot of lore and backstory ( everyday life , differences between the races , currency , history , etc . ) about the world ( shepherd ) not discussed about or touched upon in game . all of them have pretty straight forward descriptions , except for geography ( based on playtime , most ppl say ~40 hours should be enough ) and technology ( how far you advance in the story/quests ) . for races , you can talk to the same person more than once as long as you exit the area and come back ( you have to talk to ~25 ppl for it to advance a bit , i think ) .
lightning only strikes straight down , but can transform a pig within 3-4 blocks of the lightning strike . therefore , to keep your pigs safe from lightning storms , their shed has to be built so that it keeps them at least 5 blocks away from the outside sky . building a 5 block wide overhang around the shed roof should do it . alternatively , make your barn so that the pigs are in an inner chamber , with less " volatile " livestock like chickens and cows in the chambers near the walls .
shields act as health - which means that they have the same damage resistances as the character they were used on . this means that , for instance , a 1000 hitpoint shield will only give 1000 points of absorbed damage on a champion with 0 armor and mr . usually , it is a fair bit more than this . the thing is , in league of legends , it is much easier to increase offense than defense . carries are focus targets to begin with , so even a 1000 point shield goes down fast under 3-4 different champions attacking it . most endgame carries can crit each other for over 600 , easily . ultimately , shields might go down fast , but you are effectively giving them temporary health , not a simple damage reduction .
in my opinion , two-handed works best in pvp . make sure you use the right glyphs , for example ' anti-magic shell ' and useful talents include ' on a pale horse ' and ' improved unholy presence ' . personally , i have done better with a frost spec in pvp but provided you use the right spell rotation , you should do fine with unholy . hope that helps .
during end-game play , yomi becomes relatively easy to farm ( archylte steppes ? ? ? af ) . the fight takes less than ten minutes . to reset yomi you need to return to the historia crux and reload the zone . then you need to switch the weather to anything other than stormy before changing it back to stormy . yomi yields a guaranteed 20000 CP and 48000 gil per win . this related question - how do i defeat yomi ? - has information on strategies for defating yomi .
i do not know if extracting the files is legal or not , it probably is ok as long as you do not distribute / sell them . follow these steps at your own risk : google and download fsbext . zip ( i used http://ultrashare.net/hosting/dl/65f2fd1f3d ) . we will use this to unpack the fsb file that holds all of the sounds extract fsbext . zip into a folder ( for example c:\fsbext ) navigate to the sounds directory of league of legends ( mine is c:\riot games\league of legends\rads\projects\lol_game_client_en_us\managedfiles\0.0.0.20\data\sounds\fmod , yours may differ ) copy vobank_en_us . fsb from that directory to your fsbext directory ( so that it is in the same folder as fsbext . exe ) in the fsbext folder , run the following command in a terminal / command prompt ( or create a . bat file in the fsbext folder , copy and paste the command into it and then run the . bat file ) fsbext . exe -a vobank_en_us . fsb you will probably want the files whose names start with " female1_onchampionpentakill "
necessary evil i am afraid . there is no stat that reduces their effectiveness . the best defense that i have found is more complete , tiered tower coverage . if you tier your towers such that you have your main line , and then longer range towers with their backs to walls or cliffs covering the empty space between the crystals and your main line , then they do not have any empty space to run amok . of course this changes per map , tower setup , and toon , but i have found that deadly striker towers and some huntress bombs/mines are especially good at dealing with them so you are more free to roam unmolested . : ) i am definitely interested in hearing any other strategies for dealing with them as well !
this is a confusing topic , for sure . the " ladder " in diablo 2 is essentially a scoreboard that keeps track of the top characters in each realm . occasionally , there is a ladder reset , where all ladder characters are integrated into non-ladder and ladder characters must be created anew . since ladder characters cannot interact at all with non-ladder characters , this means there are two separate economies going at once . ladder characters do not have access to older items that may have been created before patches changed item drop rates or stats , or old items made by item duplication exploits . because of this , good items tend to be much more expensive in ladder . additionally , there are some items that are only available in ladder , and cannot be dropped or created ( usually via a rune word ) in non-ladder . these items continue to exist , however , when the ladder characters are integrated with the non-ladder during a reset , and these items can be quite valuable in the non-ladder economy . overall , ladder in diablo 2 is a way for blizzard to help control the economy . if the economy is getting out of hand , a new ladder season will just start the economy over because everything is removed and has to be found from scratch again .
based on your comment : in a straight line , not in water , you can out run every creature save for an angered enderman simply because its teleportation is sporadic . where you might get into trouble is when the terrain is not easy navigated and you have to jump and hop . the ai will always do this perfectly , and while it does slow them down a bit its not as much as if you miss your jump and have to do it again as this will often cease your forward motion . if you are sprinting ( you double tapped ) you will very easily outrun everything . even a teleporting enderman will have a bit of a task to keep up with your movement . on a difficulty scale for out running creatures it goes zombie slime ( and nether version ) creeper skeleton and nether version ( flame guys , embers ? ) spider enderman ghast zombie pigmen ( which are faster than your run ) 16 blocks is the active range for ai with two notable exceptions . zombies and slimes are all ' touch ' based and so the easiest to keep out of range and get beyond that 16 block range unscathed . creepers are next because of their aoe for exploding gives them a bit of an advantage over the ' touch ' range . skeletons can shoot their arrows pretty far making them a bit more tricky , but honestly if you keep moving they generally keep missing . spiders might just be my pet peeve against them but they have a ground speed that is higher than most other creatures and are able to scale vertical heights with out as much difficulty as the other mobs ( though its still the best way to lose them if you can jump reliably ) . endermen are in the annoying category . they have a high range of activity to them due to their ability to teleport . however , constant motion does seem good enough to keep them from doing too much to you . last are the ghasts simply because of their huge range , around 96 blocks if i recall correctly . they are not limited to path finding and just need a line of sight to constantly launch balls of fire at you . anywho , i know this isnt exact numbers for their speed vs your character 's speed but this is a very observable measurement with out having to get into the exact numbers in that manner so i figured a through explanation might suffice . hope this helps .
i have not played this game , but i found a youtube video which has your answer . in it , a tip pops up on screen and says , " up ahead are some obstacles on the road . if you hit them with your oxen or wagon , they will get harmed . the faster you are going , the greater the damage . . . " the trade off would be greater damage from obstacles . to specifically answer whether whipping oxen hurts them , no , your oxen are not hurt by being whipped , but the whip makes them move faster which causes them and the wagon to sustain more damage when you hit obstacles .
i dont know the complete list but here is what i atleast do know . im not sure if the complete list has been achieved yet either way . solider - 25 kills assassin - 1 solo kill combatant - 75k dmg commando - 10 kills quick draw - 1 killing blow shield - 5k defended guadian - 2k defense 1 life defender - 1k defender points paladin - 10k defense 1 life demolisher - 2.5k+ single hit annihilator - 5k+ single hit healer - 75k healing medic - 2.5k+ single heal ? ? ? - 5k+ single heal there are also some for getting defender points but i cannot recall the amounts for them or their names . i do know however that you cannot get duplicates for any of these , as ive personally healed 20+ games and i have done almost every heal at 2.5k+ and never got more than one medal for it . hope this helps , id love to see the full complete list aswell ! . . . if anyone has any to add or update , comment and ill add it to the list here so we can have something for it in one place .
the weapons in mass effect 3 are designed to be relatively equivalent . sure , the starting weapons are not the flashiest or the ones with the coolest specials , but they get the job done . perhaps more importantly , they are some of the lightest weapons available . so as to whether the early weapons are " worth " it , it depends a lot on whether you are making much use of the weight power recharge bonus ( or not using it at all ) . they are often the best weapons if you are just looking to cover a particular category as a backup weapon in case of ammo problems .
the nethack wiki page on corpses suggests that they can be : eaten by you or your pet - with varying effects depending on the corpse type and age preserved in tins for later consumption sacrificed to your god , on an altar revived with an appropriate wand or spell ( some even revive themselves )
according to the developer ( who could not figure out how to answer anonymously ) , the coins were part of a planned ' shops ' feature that has since been turned into the sequel , cardinal quest 2 . so yes , they are entirely useless .
this site has the most comprehensive list . here are the largest changes : loot is now personal , meaning all of the gold and items that drop are exclusive to you . so nobody can come through and snatch up your loot . you no longer place your skill points as you level . stats are distributed based on your class and skills are unlocked as you go . you can constantly be changing your build to optimize situations and pvp . runes are now skill enhancers and can no longer be placed in weapon sockets to gain bonuses or create runewords . there is a fourth difficulty called inferno which is built to put your maxed out character to the ultimate test . it is very tough and has been said to be two times harder than the agreed difficulty the testers thought was sufficient . trading is now done through the auction house ( much like wow ) . there is an ah that you can use real money to purchase items and also a gold based ah . note : you can sell items in the real money ah and gain real money without investing a dime into the system . there are now artisans , which are npcs used to craft . you can salvage items much like you can in other rpgs and create gear . the gear created usually will not be better than what you can find naturally looting and slaying . those are the core changes , please refer to the site for a more comprehensive list . i will work on this a bit more when i get home but i have to get back to work . : )
yes , they can help you . and yes , each quest has a minimum and maximum level for joining to the game .
this question is ultimately down to how much you play , there are already answers both for and against you making back the cost of diablo 3 on this question . the truth is that if you play very little then no - it is unlikely you will make your money back . however over time you may get lucky with individual drops that you may wish to sell on the auction house . it is not possible to give a definitive answer against making your money back . if you play frequently then yes it is perfectly reasonable that you will make back the cost of the game . i personally have already made mine back and i know many others who have as well but this is from the point of view of having played for 300+ hours in a little over a month since diablo 3 was released . this all basically comes down to how long it takes you to get to the ' inferno ' difficulty , and how frequently you play the game within this difficulty . once you get further into inferno difficulty ( act 2+ ) about 5% of the items that drop on average will be of a quality that people are looking for when they are willing to spend real money . the method that i have used is selling lots of items at low prices , but in contrast to this others have made the full cost of the game back in a single transaction . the other thing to bare in mind , is that as more players get into this difficulty , the value of the market will begin to decrease over time as more items will become available to more players - again further demonstrating the inability to give a definitive answer to this question .
no , there are no stone bins . bins must be made out of wood or metal , barring strange moods producing bin-artifacts .
if you e-mail riot support they are usually willing to give one refund if you ask nicely , but this is rare because they are not supposed to .
these are citizens under attack by the guards of the city . they appear on the map as black rectangle with a white circle in the middle and four white ls in the corners , pointing at the middle . citizens will be available to recruit only if you have vacant spots in you assassin 's roster . if you assign assassin 's as local den master or send them to foreign dens , you will be able to recruit more assassins . on a side note , you can always open the map and check the map 's legend to determine what is the symbol for every object on the map .
in general , " hitscan " weapons have no bullet travel time -- when you click the mouse or press the button , whatever 's in your crosshair gets hit . wikipedia has more info on the history of the term " hitscan": hitscan hitscan is a term is used mainly in computer games . it is a test to find out what can be hit by an in-game weapon ( be it a melee weapon , or the projectile emitted by a firearm ) . hitscan weapon is often used colloquially to refer to a projectile weapon which uses unmodified hitscan information to dictate whether or not it has hit its target — deploying the weapon calls the hitscan function , and if an object is detected in the path of the projectile , a hit is registered . the effect is that these projectiles travel at infinite speed ( a luxury of computers ' non-analog simulation of time ) and have a linear trajectory — a practical but very crude simulation of a bullet 's speed and accuracy . programmers need not use hitscan data in precisely this way when programming weapons . although hitscan weapons behave as described above , they can be given a more ' natural ' appearance ; for example , the assault rifle in half-life 2 calls a hitscan function in the middle of a ' blazing gun ' animation , creating a small amount of lag between weapon deployment and the hitting of the target to better approximate real-life ballistics .
zileas , design director for lol , explains : the system guesses how good you are based on who you beat and who you lose to . it tries to make matches where it thinks you have a 50/50 chance of winning . it knows pre-made teams are an advantage , so it gives you tougher opponents when you are in a pre-made team . we did fancy math to make the pre-made teams vs solo players matching fair . i even ran it by two math ph . ds and they said it made sense ! you can read the full shebang here . basically , a custom elo derivative is used to rank players and power the matchmaking system , so that you are paired with similarly ranked teams .
getting cs is about much more than just last hitting . in fact , solo laning itself revolves almost strictly around last hitting in high level play . you need to know how to balance all of the following : last hitting : the skill of knowing how much damage you do to a minion to ensure that you obtain the gold from killing it . keeping the lane where you want it : this is a huge factor , some champions like malzahar and morganna can push harder than champions like ryze because of their aoe abilities so should the ryze player wish to keep the lane in the middle he must attack the wave more than just when the last hit is available . some champions however excel at killing minions under their own tower and may want to keep the lane there for safety while others have many escapes and can push to the enemy tower all they want and still escape back to their own should the enemy jungler gank . part of mastering your favorite champions is learning how to balance risk vs reward with your available tool set . harassing : you also might not want to only keep an eye on the health bars of the enemy minions , you should also keep an eye on your own . this is especially important in top lane where the enemy usually last hits in melee range . therefore you know where the enemy will need to be in order to get that gold . if you move or attack in such a way that they cannot reach that low hp minion without taking significant damage they will miss the gold or better . the #1 rule of hunting is : attack your prey when it attacks it is own . counters : most champions have a wide array of other champions that they do particularly well against . counters usually are formed when a champion excels in one of the above areas that their opponent lacks .
the first couple levels should be work . there is a couple things you want to focus on focus on sunflowers early on the level , plant them horizontally instead of vertically at first . it is ok for the first one or two zombies to get to the lawnmowers , focus on sunflowers first . plant sunflowers where the zombies got the lawn mowers and start building up chompers do not be afraid to use sunflowers as barriers on the first vertical row if you do not have wall nuts available if a chomper is currently eating a zombie and is being attacked himself , remove the current chomper and plant a new one
eorlund gray-mane ; the blacksmith who owns the skyforge in whiterun .
there is a small chest at the foot of the complex , before the stairs up . it is surrounded with bags and candles , etc . simply open the chest , search your inventory under misc for klimmert 's supplies , place it in the chest , and close the chest . you should get a quest update , and can go back to klimmert .
there are three runed tablets in the room - you can see one of them which has fallen by the lever at the right of your screenshot , the snake . the other two are above the portcullis . duplicate the pattern on those tablets by rotating the pillars , and pulling the level will cause the gate to open ( instead of rain painful death on you ) .
after looking around the ui for a bit , i can conclude that there is currently no way of doing this in a straight-forward manner .
improving your armor should probably be a priority , improved armor will prevent grenades from killing half your soldiers in one turn , but you will still get severe injuries , and blaster bombs will still usually kill those on the center nine tiles of the blast . best options there are two ways that you can prevent losing anyone to a grenade : kill ( or mind control ) all of the aliens close enough to throw one ( or better yet , all aliens that can see you , to prevent blaster bombs as well ) , or use flying armor to keep your soldiers off the ground , so they can not be hit by grenades . mind control is probably your best option late game : if you can scout one alien , mind controlling it will often reveal several more , allowing you to quickly get the vision you need to eliminate or take control of all nearby enemies , denying them vision of your units ( especially important when going up against psionic aliens or blaster bombs ) . flying , once you have it , is a good choice for your back-row snipers that tend to get clustered tightly on the first few turns , but i find flying scouts tend to be more easily spotted by aliens and often fall to plasma fire , so use it in moderation . early game options the alternatives early on are not quite as flexible : you can minimize the probability of being surprised if you get vision in all directions on turn one , you can attempt to spread your soldiers out more so fewer can be caught in a blast , or you can bring out fewer soldiers at once if your first scouts do not see nearby aliens that need killing , to minimize damage if your scouting failed . you should be able to prevent this from becoming something that happens every time , but you can not prevent it entirely . improved armor will prevent it from killing those not at the center of the blast , but you will still get severe injuries . coping with darkness if it is a night mission , then getting proper vision to eliminate the aliens nearby is more difficult , since the aliens ' vision is not reduced by low light , but yours is , making losses to grenades much more likely . starting your soldiers near the door with a flare in their hand and having them toss it around 18 tiles away can give you full vision on the first turn , however ( both soldiers and flares provide a nine-tile radius of light high enough to see aliens , not counting the center tile , so 19 tiles is as far as you should consider throwing it , but probably a few less to prevent blind spots is better ) . if the terrain is flammable ( e . g . jungle ) , i am also a fan of giving a solider with good strength but abysmal aim an auto-cannon , and having them fire an auto shot of incendiary ammo , starting several fires spread widely across the battlefield ( the worse the soldier 's aim , the more widely the fires will be spread , so this is not as effective with a good soldier ) . long distance snap shots are also a good option for lighting up the battlefield before scouting further .
leveling up your panel on the command board will increase the cp/exp you get when the game ends . it is influenced by its value of the panel , or the price you paid for it ( not what other players pay when they land on it ) . press ( circle ) on the panel to see the value . the placement of the panels matter as well . example if you land on a command panel ( not a bonus panel [ no star ] ) that costs 300bp and set a lvl1 command on it , the value of the panel will be 300bp , the cost to your opponents that land on the tile will be ~50bp . if you level it up to lvl5 by paying 2000bp , now your panel with lvl1 command is worth 2300bp , cost to land on the panel will be ~1000bp ) if you purchase two or more panels adjacent to each other with a card of the same type ( they will be the same color : magic cards , attack cards , crown cards , etc . ) , they will form a chain and increase each other 's value by 10% . when you finish the board game , that lv1 command will receive cp/exp proportional to its value ( in other words , you will not will not get exactly 2300cp if the value of the panel is 2300bp ) . you will get a bonus to cp/exp if you come in first place as well . you can buy an opponent 's panel by paying five times the value of the land . if you do , you will gain w/e commands are set to that panel .
no you cannot . the game is only available from the play store , for android , or itunes for ios , and you must purchase it from there . it is a separate product , so it is exempt from the alpha/beta all/until release future editions free promise .
assuming you are the mid lane , you should gank top and bottom lanes more frequently than if you had a jungler , the following are just general guidelines to bare in mind before/during/after ganking . before make sure mid lane is not pushed and that either enemy mid lane pilled back or you killed him . check both side lanes for enemies overextending and being below half health . either ping and type in chat your intention to gank , if possible ask whether the side bushes are warded , this will save you time and lost exp/gold from minion kills . depending on the champion you are playing you will most likely need to be at least 6 to make use of your ultimate . make sure you have your summoner spells not in cooldown , successful ganks can be determined on this , wise use of ignite/exhaust and ghost/flash to catch up will almost guarantee a kill/assist . to answer one of your questions determining when is early or late , usually mid towers are taken down in 15-20 minutes of gameplay , you should not gank if you are going to loose mid tower as it is the most important tower you have , therefore taking into account the things i mentioned above too early would be not having more than one of the aforementioned ; as simple as it is , too late is whenever the side lane towers were taken down and you had the opportunity to gank . during make sure you and your teammates focus the weakest/most important target . do not tower dive if the gank is most likely to fail , it is not worth to get 1x2 . do not ignore minions during the gank , specially if you are below 1/4 health ! beware of the purple caster minion ( specially during early game ) ! after after a successful gank from mid , you can either push the lane you just ganked in order to get the tower gold and experience , this should be done if you can be aware that a counter gank is not going to happen and also if mid lane is not being pushed . if you are not going to push the tower , you should leave the lane for your teammates to farm gold . if you ganked bottom lane and if you and your teammates have the appropriate map control you can all get dragon , it gives global gold as taking a tower does , but it is worth more during early/mid game . at what time do i expect a gank ? expect a gank anytime when you see the lane not being pushed and 1 or more of the enemy champions missing in action , expect a gank whenever the enemy lane becomes over confident being below half health , meaning you are being lured into a trap . expect a gank when killing enemy blue/red and whenever killing baron and dragon . best counter gank : proper warding of the map
i personally use the microsoft natural ergonomic 4000 at work and home ( including lots of pc gaming ) . it looks quite similar in layout to the keyboard you mentioned . i have only been bothered by it while gaming on a few occasions over the last 5+ years of using it , and it is usually due to an awkwardly keypress . this is almost always resolvable by remapping the key to something on the left half . to answer your question as well as i can ( without having used the exact keyboard you are looking at ) is that you should not hesitate to get an ergonomic keyboard - the day to day benefits of lowered rsi risk far outweigh any negative gaming aspects .
your best bet is to run to the depot and grab a flamethrower . those things take out hardsuits fairly quickly . the problem is that you need to get within range . if that is difficult , getting your team to focus them down is the best bet .
diablo 2 had a barter economy , but gold itself was not valuable enough to trade for any high-end items ( because there was a max amount you could carry ) . so the economy needed something that was more valuable to serve as a basis of comparison between the value of high-end items . that something needed to be small ( so people could carry a number of them ) , valuable ( so you did not need 50 of them to equal a high-end item ) , and plentiful ( so that you could get enough of them to trade for a high-end item ) at times perfect gems were used , but even these were low enough in cost that it was hard to value high-end items . the stone of jordan became the default for several reasons it was itself a high-end item that was useful to any character and most items could be valued as being worth a single digit number of stones due to various quirks of the drop system where holding the other unique rings made it more likely to get soj , it was relatively easy to get , so it was not unusual for people to have several of them various duping bugs made it even easier to create stones as more people started to use it , it became the de-facto standard this was around patches 1.06 and 1.07 , way before uber diablo was created as a way to try to siphon off the ridiculous number of stone of jordans that were in the economy . later blizzard took actions to remove the duplicates , causing the economy to look for alternative bases for the economy , eventually settling on high-end runes . here are some additional references http://diablowiki.net/stone_of_jordan http://everything2.com/title/diablo+ii+stone+of+jordan+economy
it does not . you will notice that since then , wheatley 's eye appears cracked . take a gander .
the function of the lockstone contraption is to light the lantern that is hanging high up in the air . this will light up much of the area , making it less necessary to use your own torch . bloatheads ( the spider-looking enemies ) are also scared of light , which you may have noticed if you approached one with your torch out . when the lantern is lit via the lockstone contraption , they will generally confine themselves to building interiors and other dimly-lit areas , which may make your travels through the area a little bit easier .
in order to acquire the xenon hub mini-plot , you must meet the following requirements : started with the albion plot enabled completed the albion plot have a boron rank of queen 's guard ( or higher ) found atreus ' headquarters if you have met those requirements , you should receive the following message : this is an automated message offering you , an esteemed friend of the boron , the opportunity to work for atreus shipbuilding currents in queen 's harbour . please visit us to see what we can offer each other . at which point you will need to travel to atreus ' headquarters in queen 's harbor to contact gili tosi . source
the choice between saving or sacrificing has 4 distinct effects . character : save : will boost your life level , which increases your def and the amount of hp you can heal . it does not increase your hp , only how much you can heal . sacrifice : will boost your magic level , which increases your atk . depending on the difference between your life and magic level , your arm will either be divine ( life level higher than magic level ) , neutral ( life and magic level approximately the same ) , or dark ( magic level higher than life level ) . this may or may not improve the effects of your sigils . inventory : save : gives you a life essence ( le ) sacrifice : gives you a soul essence ( se ) ; not to be confused with soul shards . combat : the effect depends on whether you are saving or sacrificing an enemy or ally . save an enemy : recovers some of your hp . sacrifice an enemy : replenishes your offerings . save an ally : drains half of your remaining hp to revive the fallen ally . sacrifice an ally : casts a powerful spell and kills the ally . you will need to use lacrimae ( librom 's " not " tears ) to undo their death . avalon pacts : some quests need to be unlocked by completing a previous one . the choice between saving or sacrificing can determine which quests you unlock . you can always redo the quest and make the other choice to unlock the remaining quests ; in other words , no quest is missable .
it sounds like you are having a negative interaction between tactical cloak , your charging weapon , and possibly also your latency . since you have mentioned it does not have any issue with " regular " shotguns , i think that the bottom line is that cloak has not been failing for you , though it probably has been behaving in a way contrary to what you were hoping .
by " default " , you get +20 aim if you are at least one elevation above your opponent , though how the game determines what elevation you are at seems somewhat random . damn good ground stacks with this , effectively increasing the accuracy bonus by 50% .
regarding barbarians - i think you just over-expanded too much . barbarians spawn in uncontrolled areas , and if there are a lot of these near your borders then they are going to give you a lot of pain . concentrate on eliminating these areas . by the way , barbarians camps are only created on unseen tiles - so you could actually send scouts to camp around these dark corners to provide visibility and thus prevent the barbarians from spawning there . regarding happiness - i think the main reason you face such a problem ( besides the fact you chose a very high difficulty , of course ) is that you have nobody to trade with ; that means that the only luxury resources you have are the ones you obtain yourself , which forces you to expand over huge territory to get these resources - and of course , every city you create costs you happiness , so the net gain is very small ! the only solution i can think of , at this stage of the game , is to : stop growing your cities - change the citizen allocation in your cities to stop further growth . focus on culture in order to afford policies that could help you with your happiness - in particular the freedom tree is very good for it , especially if you manually force your citizens to be specialists . it goes without saying but be sure to get all possible happiness buildings and try to get happiness wonders .
from this thread it seems you have a few options you could try : redirect my documents so it points to your homeserver using its ip-address like this : \\192.168.0.252\Data\Documents . in the bf2 folder there should now be a profile using the ip-address above . note that bf2 can only read this info , it will not write it to dics . so you will need to edit the files by hand . redirect my documents to something with 1 or more subfolders , which means a simple redirect to h:\ would not be enough . in the example my documents is pointing to "H:\Documents and Settings\&lt;username&gt;\My Documents" .
like you , i typically can not move fast enough for shock jockey alone to do the trick . the best strategy i have found involves using possession on an armored machine gunner who is behind the patriot , or opening up a tear to bring in a turret there . when the patriot turns around to handle my ally , his gears are exposed to me , and then i can shock him and blast away . alternatively , if the patriot keeps focusing on me , at least my ally is shooting it in its gears , so it is not a total loss . of course this strategy will technically work with any ally type , but i have found that others &#8212 ; e.g. mosquitoes and melee-only fighters &#8212 ; either do not distract patriots very well or quickly get torn up by patriot guns if they do . also , this obviously requires you to be able to get in position to possess someone or open the tear in the first place ; i have never found a good strategy for hitting the gears of a lone patriot . edit for dlc : in clash in the clouds , shock jockey alone does work long enough for you to get around patriots and shoot them in the gears . this is awesome for making money and running up the score , because gear shots give lots of bonus points/cash per shot . shock a patriot , get behind it and go to town with a low-damage , high-frequency gun like the pistol or machine gun . ( you may need to apply extra shocks while you reload your gun . ) for extra effect , use the tunnel vision gear and do not zoom in !
yes , you can . you still have to have a valid sc1 account though . and it uses classic battle .net, so you can not hook up with realid friends from sc2 and wow .
from everything i have seen , the red bird is still just the same base bird with no special abilities as it was in past games . when you tap on the screen it makes a noise , but it does not seem to change anything about the flight path , which is similar to the other versions . the shockwave you see when tapping appears to be cosmetic only . i ran a couple of tests on level 1-1 and triggered the shockwave right next to the pig without hitting it , and it did not cause the pig to die or move at all .
for roughly every 12 dalmatians you find , you get a prize from pongo and perdita . these prizes range from ship gummies , to accessories and synthesis materials . additionally , finding all 99 dalmatians awards you with an upgrade to the aero spell , and access to the " secret ending " at the end of the game .
in general you will want to max out your defense units . this will actually lead to a pretty good award boosting your xp gains by quite a bit if you can keep the defense units maxed out for the entire round with out losing one . once that has been taken care of you can start to upgrade . focus on key choke points and consider upgrading vs repair when appropriate ( remember you will suck in any size mana gem around you for being even 1 point below max so that repair can end up being very costly ) . also of note , is that while the damage bonus to upgraded turrets is nice you will often find yourself upgrading them more because of their durability . do not get me wrong , the damage increase is very nice , but knight 's defense having more health , the monk auras longer life and the huntress traps more trigger counts are also very key reasons to upgrade them , so they can last with out you being there . lastly , as yx . mentions is the blocking of enemies . some turrets ( ie knights ) do this better than others ( monks/huntress ) . controlling the flow of the enemies is also often very key so the quantity of the towers can be more important than the damage they do as well .
each box has a different activation method . this specific one requires using a clawed character to dig up a switch in the nearby garden , which activates the shutters in the building the box is sitting on once the shutters have been opened , a character with magnetic power can flick a switch inside the building , opening the box .
i just finished that one and yes , like several other dungeons i have found so far , there is a point of no return , much to my annoyance . i was about level 22 , a one-handed/heavy-armor type with a trusty companion . the last two encounters were quite challenging . the difficulty slider is always your friend . i would suspect that mid-teens is probably the earliest you had like to try it depending on your build .
a fully manned brutal mission under default settings features a swarm that has 2.6 times as much health as it has under a fully manned normal game . the damage dealt is also scaled by 2.6 times . additonally both the swarm and the players are faster , although i do not think they are any faster than they are in insane ( that is 20% faster for aliens and 4.8% faster for marines ) . from sdk_src\game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules.cpp: . . . where GetMissionDifficulty() returns 13 ( for brutal , 10 for insane , 7 for hard , 5 for normal , 3 for easy ) , with one point deducted per missing marine ( and a hard lower limit of 2 ) . ( comments within /* */ are mine . )
katarina 's ultimate , death lotus is a channeled ability ( as you may notice in the cast bar that appears and counts down ) . like any other channeled ability , taking any other action , such as using an item like zhonya 's hourglass , will interrupt the channel . other champions , for instance , fiddlesticks , kennen , or morganna , do not need to channel to maintain their ultimate , meaning zhonya 's can be used to safely shield them for its duration .
so i did a bunch of testing on this tonight . this is what i have found : the nutshot and the testicle assault do not have to be done on the same enemy . the achievement simply pops after you have done each activity the first time . i killed a gang member via testicular assault without doing a nutshot on him and acquired the achievement . you need to actually kill the enemy via testicular assault in order to get the achievement . you will know when you have done this because you will see a popup for respect with the name testicular manslaughter . hitting an enemy twice with a testicular assault will get this done . it does have to be done on a male character . i tried doing testicular assaults on female gang members , and while i was able to kill them and they did the animation , i did not get credit for a testicular manslaughter .
i do not consider nasus a true tank - he has no real tank abilities , and serves better as a tanky dps / anti-carry . that said , here 's a list of the heroes i consider true tanks in the current metagame . alistar i will grant you that alistar 's hard to play optimally , but when he is , the bull 's a force to be reckoned with . two hard ccs ( neither affected by merc treads ) . triumphant roar makes him an excellent pusher , and his ultimate and high base health make you an excellent damage soak . additionally , little of his power comes from items ; pulverize + headbutt is really good even without any bonus from ap . amumu amumu 's got two major things going for him : he is a great initiator , and he is a tank who can jungle and gank effectively . due to the experience bonus , most top teams have a jungler on summoner 's rift , and amumu 's one of the better ones . he also has two hard ccs in bandage toss and his ult , which can make escaping from him quite difficult ( not to mention keeping folks within despair for longer ) cho'gath poor cho just get nerfed pretty bad in the nocturne patch , losing substantial damage numbers from feast . that aside , he still is a decent ( if not a first pick ) tank with a skill shot initiation ability ( though rupture is more easily dodge-able than some other initiators ) and an aoe silence . there is also something to be said for the psychological and mechanical effects of having the largest model on the screen . you will be shielding your allies from attacks simply because your opponents can not find them to click under a fully-feasted cho'gath . after you have maxed your feast stacks , try using feast earlier in fights rather than later : it does true damage , and it is a pretty sizeable nuke - carries especially tend to panic when 1/4 of their health ( or more ) suddenly vanishes . galio mana-regen problems aside , galio is a strong tank . his most notable skills are his ult and his gust -- an aoe taunt nuke is especially powerful when combined with other aoe ults , such as annie , amumu , morgana , malphite , etc . gust is useful both as a chasing mechanic and to help allies escape . unfortunately , opposite-but-otherwise-like rammus , galio 's usefulness tends to diminish in matches with primarily physical damage where he can not make full use out of his passive . garen garen is not a " typical " tank , and works best as an offtank due to not having a strong initiator or cc other than his silence ( which is pretty useful in and of itself ) . garen 's a tough character who can bring a lot of damage to a group of enemies between judgement and his iconic sunfire cape . his ult is interesting , as it can be difficult to judge when to best use it , though some players dislike it because of its tendency to " steal " kills . gragas gragas gets a damage reduction , an aoe slow , area denial , and a massive radial knockback on a relatively short cooldown . he works well as a tank ( consider starting with a rod of ages ) because of fight disruption alone , and drunken rage and happy-time give him quite a long longevity as well , making him a passable pusher . malphite malphite joins cho in having been hit with the nerf-bat in the last patch , but is still a strong tank . like amumu , rammus , and shen , malphite can jungle effectively , and has a combination of an impressive initiator , and a damage-dealing skill that scales off of armor ( so even building straight tank items , you can deal a hefty sum of damage ) . with his q , he can be especially effective by tunnel-visioning enemy carries . maokai maokai is a great tank based around team fights . his ultimate is an aoe damage reduction , which when strategically placed , can turn the tide of fights . he has a snare , which is great to gank with , or focus down the enemy carry , a small aoe slow , and a really strong harass with his ranged sapling . his passive makes him have a very strong laning presence . after every 5 abilities , his next auto attack heals him 7% hp . this is also a incredibly useful skill in team fights , giving him huge survivability potential . mordekaiser mordekaiser can be an incredible tank , especially if he gets a few early kills and gets an item and level advantage over the other players . though i have heard of folks jungling as mordekaiser , i prefer to see him in a solo lane , where a good player can easily 2 v 1 by abusing iron man ( well , perhaps less easily , depending on the opponents , but i have seen it done across a number of games ) . make sure to get some ap to go with the kaiser - rylai 's or an abyssal scepter and sorc boots make for a very offensive tank , especially in the laning phase where his short cooldowns make for an easy harass . nunu when built properly , nunu makes a great off-tank . the thing you have to realize about nunu is that the slow on his e is insane . it is 70% i think at rank 5 ? if nunu catches up to you alone , you are not getting away from him if he has the mana to continually iceball you . also important to note is consume - the health it restores is not insubstantial , and with a will of the ancients , you can easily recover half your health every 10 seconds or so . rammus rammus has everything a tank needs - a damage reduction ability ( defense curl ) , an intiator paired with a slow ( powerball ) , hard cc and target peeling ( taunt ) , and team fight presence ( tremors adds up fast ! ) . did we mention that he could jungle and his taunt has a relatively quick cooldown ? a top pick for sure . shen shen is probably up in the top 3 with amumu and rammus when it comes to tanks ( in my mind at least ) . if you can learn to correctly handle his energy ( which can be a little tricky to get the hang of at first ) , a good shen player can be phenomenal . he is got a damage shield , an aoe taunt , and a global ult / ally savior mechanic . one thing to note is that you do not want to build dodge on shen - build armor/mr and health instead : it makes his passive come up more often and for more damage . singed finally , singed . singed is known for running really fast - make sure to take ghost , as it lets you spread your poison much more handily without having to path around enemies . as singed , you want your opponents to chase you ; with your ult you are more than likely faster than them ( and insanity potion lasts for an unmatched thirty seconds ) and they will kill themselves on your poison trail if they chase you for too long . of course , when they finally break off , that is when you turn around , stick ' m with your adhesive , and then fling ' m behind you into more poison . fling is an okay initiator , though it takes practice to make sure you are not accidentally throwing the enemies away from your team .
when you die you die . if you notice , there are many different instances of the realm from the starting area . before the battle with oryx begins , he will tell you that the instance is locked " for you all to die alone . " unfortunately , this means you can not get back into that instance until oryx is cleared . if you spend about 20-30 minutes in an instance though , you will end up at oryx again before you know it . generally in the time it takes to get a character to 20 , you should see oryx at least once . and just some advice , i am a new player as well , but i pretty much always die at oryx if i try to fight him with the others . until you can get some good gear and maybe stat potions on a character you like , you would probably benefit to warp to nexus once you get to the actual battle with oryx . you can be one/two hitted even at level 20 if you are not extremely careful . you will still gain 2-4 levels on the way to fight him , but generally you will not get xp at the boss battle , nor will you get any drops if you hang around the edges just trying to survive . it is not really worth the risk of dying to stick around .
yes , there is another survivor in one of the cells , who will trade food for 10 revolver and 10 rifle ammo . you can find the food in the building where jimmy blake ( the guy you need the batteries for ) is on the roof . but depending on your playstyle , you might not need the ammo anyway . but keep in mind that jimmy blake will not come with you as a survivor if you do not give him the batteries . but if i remember correctly , there is not enough space in the car for everyone anyway . so , if you are happy with the amount of ammo you can just leave the side quest . you will just miss some irrelevant dialogue and jimmy as a survivor .
in singleplayer , the nether is not loaded by default , so any pigmen ( or other mobs ) that spawn in the overworld and wander through the portal do not move or count towards the mob count anymore , until you enter the nether . this is one way to get around the cap for naturally spawned mobs , storing the mobs in the nether until it is time to kill them . this can lead to dangerous ( for your computer/framerate ) amounts of mobs in the area around the portal once you do enter the nether though , so if it is not part of your design , turn off your portal before afking . doing so will also keep the pigmen from spawning in the overworld .
there is a couple of advantages to having a floating building with your army . if you otherwise lack air units , they provide line of sight to shoot up cliffs if the building is over your army , it is much harder to select the units under the building for focus-fire , since the building is in the way . generally , any building that is being floated ( by a good player , anyway ) would otherwise have been idling - barracks after switching to a mech army , for instance , or command center without a mineral patch to land at . there may be other reasons , but those are the biggest , i think .
they are used for the " hangover " quest which starts with a drinking competition in which you black out and destroy a temple ( see this question if you need help ) . one of the items needed to repair the staff is a giant 's toe .
as per diablofans ' list from the bradygames strategy guide : firebats - reduced mana cost haunt - boosted damage poison darts - boosted damage spirit barrage - boosted damage plague of toads - boosted damage corpsespiders - ? ? ? ( transcribed improperly ) locust swarm - +% crit chance firebomb - reduced mana cost zombie charger - reduced mana cost wall of zombies - reduced cooldown time acid cloud - +% crit chance summon zombie dogs - reduced cooldown time . exact magnitude varies with level and the exact item . most of these show up on voodoomasks / dolls / ceremonial knives , but they can appear on regular helms , offhands , and weapons as well .
big bad voodoo does not really count as a pet , it is more like aoe ward . on lvl 30 you will get fetish army and it makes an easy achievement . also additional followers you get from quests like tyrael , leah . . . do not count . but main followers templar , enchantress and scoundrel do .
score is determined in several ways : speed to complete the mission player and team bonuses ( listed below ) killing enemies wave bonuses : immortal - did not die throughout the entire match invincible - did not take damage for an entire wave after the first knight - killed 10 enemies in 5 seconds lord - killed 50 enemies in 5 seconds strategist - scored the most tower kills banker - earned the most mana trigger happy - most first to ready for combat phase handy man - performed the most tower repairs janitor - scored the last kill in the wave chillax - moved the least distance in the wave flawless victory - no core damage after the first wave most valuable hero - scored the most player kills teamwork - completed a mission with 4 active players skin of your teeth - survived a wave after the first with &lt ; 100 crystal health points on at least medium difficulty first kill - scored the first kill in the wave mechanic - performed the most tower upgrades boss slayer - your hero or defense landed the killing blow on a boss master builder - kept full defense units throughout the wave master strategist - only used defenses to harm enemies after the first wave gunslinger - only used abilities/weapons to harm enemies after the first wave most valuable player - scored the most total kills i have read that the algorithm used to calculate the score is rather complex , but i have not been able to find it anywhere . i do not know if trendy has released it . source " the information in that guide is pretty decent . . . just do your best to ignore the eleven-year-old comments at the bottom . "
from all that i remember , there is really no explanation for the nymph 's appearance at the end of land of the livid . there is nothing in moody clouds that will explain it . from my understanding , the land of the livid is really just a truly optional second ending separate from the main story ending on moody clouds .
i know this is only a partial answer but i am looking for how much experience and creds you get from gold too so i thought i would pass the info along . bronze : about 150,000 experience , 15,000 credits . silver : about 200,000 experience , 30,000 credits . gold : unkown as far as galactic readiness goes , i have not really been watching but it is usually around plus 3% each time i think .
if you are going for pure ap , then obviously you want to have a rabadon 's deathcap . it grants 120 ap , and has a unique passive that modifies your ap up 30% . another item you will almost certainly want is seraph 's embrace . it only grants 60 ap , but grants 1000 mana , and has a unique passive that grants an additional 3% mana as ap , this makes it worth more than a second deathcap as soon as you have 1000 mana from other sources . lichbane is worth only 87.5 ap , not worth taking in a pure ap build rod of ages is worth about 100 ap , still not worth taking in a pure ap build mejai 's soulstealer , fully stacked , is worth 180 ap , definitely worth taking if you can keep the stacks up . it drops to 124 on a single death . ( 13 stacks ) deathfire grasp is worth 120 ap , exactly as much as rabadon 's deathcap , and would make a good filler item , as while the active will not stack , you will get the 10% cooldown reduction repeatedly . zhonya 's hourglass is also worth 120 ap , and can be stacked for armour . add in elixer of brilliance , and exalted with baron nashor for an extra 80 ap and 10% cdr final build : boots , rabadon 's deathcap , seraph 's embrace , deathfire grasp , zhonya 's hourglass , mejai 's soulstealer . elixer of brilliance and exalted with baron nashor . = ( 120+60+120+120+120+40+40+3%mana ) *1.3 = ( 620 + 3% mana ) * 1.3 = 884 + 3.9% mana . this itemization is the best you can do with boots for a generic champion . this should work for almost any given mana'd champion with any given rune/mastery set . here is a link to this build on anivia ( my main ) for 1166 ap edit : sorry , i missed the part about 3v3 , that section below : 3v3 rabadon 's zhonya 's , and mejai 's are all disabled , as are exalted with baron nashor and elixer of brilliance . wooglet 's witchcap , while only 100 ap , multiplies ap by 1.25 , and so is still worth taking . exalted with baron nashor is replaced by crest of crushing wrath , also worth 40 ap , while elixer of brilliance is replaced by ichor of illumination , which yields 64 ap , up from 40 . additionally , the 2 altar bonus from twisted treeline gives an extra 10% ap . in total the build consisted of 3 deathfire grasp 's , seraph 's embrace , boots , and wooglet 's witchcap , and i was able to get 1131 ap .
no , diablo does not support acting on items in the trade window in the way that games like world of warcraft do . you will need to find someone you trust to apply the ce dyes from their own inventory and then give the item back to you .
yes , they do . the character who initiates the attack gets a larger chunk , but all characters involved get experience .
i did some online searching , and got some information . it seems this problem is universal across all platforms . i still have not found a definite cause for this problem , ( though some are generally blaming crappy game/drm design ) or any statement from bioware , but the community has come up with a few workarounds . i have had success with two , and have not really bothered with the third . but there are some claims of the third being fairly reliable . ( maybe console-specific , or ps3-only . ) disable auto sign-on to the console 's multiplayer network ( e . g . : psn , xbox live ) and reboot . or , just log off of the network before starting the game every time . if multiplayer functionality is desired , use the in-game menu to sign in to ea 's servers and this should automatically prompt you to sign into your console 's network also . this has worked well for me . i suppose the pc analogue would be to turn off wi-fi or unplug the network cable . enable auto sign-on to ea 's servers within the game . ( you may have to try options 1 or 3 first , to get into the game menu needed to tweak this option . ) this has also worked for me , and comes with the added benefit that you can re-enable your console 's auto sign-on function as well . wait approximately 30 seconds at the " press start button " screen . some users have reported good results with this . since options 1 and 2 are working fine for me , i have not personally tested it .
according to the forum thread ( as of the time of posting this answer ) , zanminimap 0.9.9 ( the most current version ) is only beta 1.6.4 ready . the current version of zanminimap , 0.10.0 , is beta 1.6.6 compatible .
if you run into another driver with a boost you can steal it from them by colliding with their kart . the final speed boost is to just steal a boost from someone else . when you see a driver with three mushrooms or the crazy 8 circling their kart , you can physically collide with an item to get its effects . while in zero gravity mode , crashing into any kart will give you a boost . when in zero-g , any kart you hit -- and certain glowing posts in the road -- will give you a speed boost quotes from an ign article .
yes , you should retract the landing gear . i am using alternate control layout and it is r3 for ps3 .
you squish eleven grapes , then you come back from where you died . to squish grapes you stand near them , press enter , and then select " squish " . but wait ! instead of squishing grapes , go right and drop down the hole . you will enter a new area . now you can use the map , and visit all the " streets " in nakara . once you do this you will get a badge :d source
unfortunately , yes . ignore only prevents them from showing up in chat , you can not " ignore " them from the matchmaking pool .
i found the accepted answer insufficiently complete so did some research and have continued to update this answer as i learn more . unique equipment slot - item - max iir ( increased item rarity ) amulet - eye of chayula - +30% ring - andvarius - +70% + 15% boots - wondertrap - +100% ( when low life ) gloves - aurseize - +50% helmet - goldrim - +10% helmet - the peregrine - +20% weapon - reaper 's pursuit - +40% map - vaults of atziri - +2000% ( for chests ) rare and magic equipment the " dragon 's " prefix gives 24% iir and the " of excavation " suffix gives 26% iir . it is possible to get both these affixes on the same item giving a total of +50% + implicit mods . these mods can spawn on rings , amulets , belts , helmets , gloves and boots with an item level equal or greater than 75 . gold amulets have an implicit iir mod with max value of 20% and gold rings of 15% . gems a level 20 item rarity support gem will add 57% iir to monster drops killed with the supporting gem . final total doe = dragon 's [ anything ] of excavation ring 1 - andvarius - 85% ring 2 - andvarius - 85% amulet - doe - 70% belt - nothing - 0% gloves - aurseize - 50% boots - wondertrap - 100% helmet - doe - 50% shield - nothing - 0% weapon - reaper 's pursuit - +40% chest piece - nothing - 0% gem - item rarity - ~57% map - vaults of atziri - 2000% giving a total of +2,000% for chests in the vault* , +537% for kills with the support gem and +480% for everything else . * neither iir from equipment nor gems applies to any chests , including large chests . other maps i have not started maps yet , they are level ~70+ end game content . other than vaults of atziri other maps can also have +iir mods . monsters magical , rare and unique monsters have higher chance of giving up rare items . i was unable to find information about how much effect this has however it is combined multiplicatively with player iir . there are also rare monsters with a very rare " wealth " mod which further increases item rarity . i do know that the item level of drops from magical and rare can be +1 and +2 of the area level . ( more powerful items are possible ) parties being in parties increases the number of items that drop , not the rarity . however this will mean getting more rare items , in a round about way . you idealy want items with iir and iiq . diminishing returns there is supposedly diminishing returns though i have not seen any detailed information . this may just be pointing out that while +100% doubles what you get +200% is not another doubling . or it may mean there is a logarithmic scale that tapers off how effective it is .
do you still have the rca composite + left/right audio output cable ? ( the one with the yellow , red and white plugs . ) it is possible to configure the ps3 to output audio to both hdmi and the rca cable . under " settings " go to " sound settings " and turn on " audio multi-output " .
it gives you money the same way killing an orc does except that you must go to pick it up and is not given to you automatically after killing one .
every portal appear in the intel map , at the correct zoom level . to see unclaimed portals ( grey ones ) , you will have to zoom very close . as said by matthias urlichs , to see a biggest region , zoom out with your navigator : ctrl -
yes , you can ( even cs:s maps ) ! downloading the appropriate files from here ( click on ' garry content' ) as shown in this video will work ( he will show you where to place the files ) . it is just textures ( and maps , if you need it ) for use as an addon to garry 's mod . this is completely legal because there is another [ more complicated ] method listed on the officially affiliated site which not only details in its faq why it is legal , but it uses steamcmd ( an official tool from valve ) with the login of anonymous ( a free account ) to get the files .
exotic important : this requires armorsmith , leatherworker , or tailor crafting level 400 , depending on which type of armor you want . i will use x / y / z format from here on to indicate different values for armorsmith / leatherworker / tailor . obtain a celestial intricate gossamer insignia recipe and one recipe for each of the six armor pieces , all of which can be purchased on the trading post . search for " celestial " and draconic / emblazoned / exalted . use those recipes on the appropriate character . you will now need to gather the materials . let 's start with charged quartz crystals , because those are the tricky part . you will need 750 quartz crystals in total , of which you can fuse 25 into one charged quartz crystal ( at a " point of power " , aka commune skill point challenge ) once per day . this means that you will need at least 30 days to get all of the required materials . once you have your 30 charged quartz crystals , you will need to refine your raw crafting materials to craft 6 celestial intricate gossamer insignias and the tier 6 ( orichalcum / hardened / gossamer ) crafting components for one of each piece of armor . this will require the following materials : 30 charged quartz crystals 30 globs of ectoplasm 130 spools of gossamer thread 74 / 72 / 96 gossamer scraps 32 / 0 / 0 orichalcum ore 0 / 36 / 12 hardened leather sections ascended important : this requires armorsmith , leatherworker , or tailor crafting level 500 , depending on which type of armor you want . i will use x / y / z format from here on to indicate different values for armorsmith / leatherworker / tailor . obtain a celestial intricate gossamer insignia recipe ( unless you already unlocked it to craft your exotic armor ) . purchase and use an ascended insignia recipe from the master craftsman . select " recipe : wupwup celestial insignia " from the list . then purchase and use each of the six ascended armor piece recipes from the last tab of the master craftsman . use each of those , selecting the " wupwup " option for each . consume all of the above recipes on the appropriate character . ( same as exotic step #3 above ) once you have your 30 charged quartz crystals , you will need to refine your raw crafting materials to craft 6 celestial intricate gossamer insignias , which you will then use to craft six wupwup celestial insignias . you will also need to craft ectoplasm refinement materials , which are limited to one per day , but you can bypass the time gate by buying the refined materials . you will finally need to craft tier 7 ( deldrimor steel / elonian / damask ) crafting components for one of each piece of armor . this will require the following materials . the ones marked with a * can be bought on the trading post to bypass the time gated materials required to craft them . 30 charged quartz crystals 30 globs of ectoplasm 30 globs of dark matter 120 piles of crystalline dust 6 augur 's stones 1500 piles of bloodstone dust 1500 empyreal fragments 1500 dragonite ore 150 thermocatalytic reagents 480 spools of gossamer thread 60 / 60 / 60 gossamer scraps 16 / 0 / 0 deldrimor steel ingots* 0 / 18 / 5 elonian leather squares* 25 / 24 / 36 bolts of damask* if you are not looking to bypass the time gate , here are the total materials for each refined ascended material . deldrimor steel ingot : 1 glob of ectoplasm 10 thermocatalytic reagents 100 mithril ore 90 iron ore 10 lumps of coal 40 platinum ore 20 lumps of primordium elonian leather square : 1 glob of ectoplasm 10 thermocatalytic reagents 150 thick leather sections 40 thin leather sections 20 coarse leather sections 40 rugged leather sections bolt of damask : 1 glob of ectoplasm 25 spools of gossamer thread 300 silk scraps 40 wool scraps 20 cotton scraps 40 linen scraps as for a price comparison , it is impossible to be exact . the market fluctuates constantly , so the prices of the materials shift . in terms of coins , ascended armor is many times more expensive than exotic . in addition to the monetary cost , a full set of ascended armor costs 120 skill points , and the recipes cost an additional 21,000 karma and 30 laurels .
if the dialog started , and that dialog is supposed to give you a journal entry , it will even if you do not stick around to let it finish . i had this happen in the entrance to the purgatory bar in the citadel -- i listened to a woman talking on the phone ( all the conversation ) and got a mission , then i had to go and exited the game forgetting to save ( silly me ) and had to replay that part . i did not feel like listening to it all again so i just kept running and a few moments later i got the same mission even though i was obviously out of earshot . so just be sure to run passed all the people you see , but do not feel obligated to listen to them ( although most conversations are really entertaining )
use chaff in 1v1/recon play as it is much easier to prevent yourself from being targeted that attempting to hit your target in a 1v1 or exposing your position during recon . - http://www.gamefaqs.com/ps3/984945-armored-core-v/faqs/64037 optical chaff confuses and redirects missiles as well as hide your iff ident from the enemy operator . - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=2t=14894start=880#p228030 note that there is no dual-shoulder bonus for optical chaff . me and a couple other people from core nexus had screwed around with it for a while . also , if there exists an enemy player on the opposing side with a subcomputer , the effects of the optical chaff are completely negated prior to calculating the subcomputer 's effects . - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=6t=17332p=231854hilit=optical+chaff#p231825 good ol ' optical chaff should buy you some more time to dart between cover as you close the distance . as for weapons , go for accurate ones such as the karasawa or lotus , maximizing your chances of hitting him even if he is barely at the edge of your lock on range - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=10t=17286p=231153hilit=optical+chaff#p231153 i do not believe the second through the last to be necessarily only talking about ac5 , though it is unclear .
/kill is not a op command but a player command to commit suicide so it can only apply to the one who use it . ( source ) but . . . if your server is running on bukkit , you could install essentials plugin and the you will be able to use the command /kill &lt ; playername> and a lot of other useful stuff that every server moderator should have . but if you are not on bukkit or any modded server then why do not you /tp &lt ; playername> &lt ; yourname> so the player will be teleported to you and then just kill him :d
the player hq and hub are still in the latest x3:ap ( make sure you update the patches since the quest is not in 1.0 of ap ) . there are also several unknown sectors you can ' claim ' in ap , but if you are thinking of the reward sector you get in x3:tc , that sector has since then been claimed by a race . the total number of unowned sectors in ap is now lower as each race decided to expand a little .
burning , poison , chilled , and crippled stack in duration instead of intensity . it will show only one stack , but if you watch you will see the duration increase . if you apply multiple conditions with different damages , the duration will seem to increase . this , however , is no more than an attempt to unclutter the ui ( user interface ) . once the duration of the first condition completes , then the second condition will begin . despite these separate durations , however , cleansing a condition will remove the entire condition ( no matter the duration or intensity ) . example : you use skill a to burn a foe , and then skill b to burn the same foe . skill a 's burn lasts 10 seconds , and skill b 's burn lasts 5 seconds . when applied , the burn duration will be 15 seconds . skill a 's burn will run for the listed 10 seconds , doing the damage as described in skill a . when this finishes , skill b 's burn will start to tick , doing the damage as described in skill b .
if you train your mount to high levels , it will allow you to evade the enemies on your way . precisely what level is required depends on the encounter monster . i have read a bit online and it seems that by level 30-35ish you can evade almost all enemies this way , save for the few strongest types .
you would get 16 bucks plus the 25% equivalent in coins for that destination .
scout is a class with a very high skill threshhold to clear - playing scout and doing it well is very difficult , especially for a new player . they move faster than any other class , making it more difficult to aim properly . and they have the lowest possible base hp of any class ( unmodified by loadouts ) . mobility is key to playing a scout . you never want to be in one place for long . jump , weave , and duck into side-corridors to get away from danger . you are vulnerable , and you do not want to get into a head-on fight , even against weaker classes . instead , use side-corridors to flank and get behind other players . your scattergun ( and the fan if you have it ) are powerful close-range weapons . do not shoot until you are up close and certain of getting a full-body shot . the more pellets you can get into them in a single shot , the greater damage you will do . you can take down most classes in just two shots at close range , which is faster than most classes will be able to react . if they do , dodge , and if they are well aware of your presence , run . you are outgunned by almost every class that is not support-based . avoid sentries . always , always avoid sentries . use bonk ! to get past them , pick them off with a pistol , slip by them if they are not pointing directly at your pathway , but avoid them at all costs . finally , above all else , practice . every class has a skill threshhold you need to get past before you are ' good ' with them , and the scout 's the hardest class of all to get used to . watch some video clips , watch what other players do , read the tf2 wiki pages on scout strategy and match-ups , but practice above all else makes perfect .
it think does not stack . silent killer basic ( 4 pt ) : you deal more damage with all silencer weapons . deal 15% more damage with silenced weapons ace ( 8 pt ) : you deal even more damage and have a chance to pierce armor . deal 30% more damage with silenced weapons . 15% chance to pierce armor ( does not stack . 27.75% with both skills ) and c4ndlejack [ guide 's author ] 9 sep 2013 @ 2 h 55 ( . . . ) silent killer adds 30% aced . source : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=169443444
i have compared 3 presets : gionight , confident and nightwalker . the best is from gionight . it has the best colors and it runs good on low quality settings . here is a download-link : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5516 . the one from confident is pratically the same like the default preset and very blurry and weak colors and the one from nightwalker is too dark or the colors is too extreme and it is not very balanced .
it is always better to accept the surrendered goods . if you accept the surrendered goods , you get a standard reward of random level . if you do not accept the goods , there is a 50% chance you get a standard reward of random level ( i.e. . the same thing ) , and a 50% chance they just leave .
take a look at you control-settings , there are two options : hold aim down sight toggle aim down sight i do not know the exact lables for these options as i only own the german version , but the first one is what you are looking for wile the second one seems to be the one you are using - just change your settings .
this depends on the crew skill . gathering skills , ( i.e. . scavenging , slicing , bioanalysis and archaeology ) all have nodes scattered around various planets which can be gathered from , as in other mmo 's . mission skills ( i.e. . diplomacy , investigation , treasure hunting and underworld trading ) do not . the only way to use them is with missions . in general , even with gathering skills , sending your spare crew members on missions will result in a much better yield of materials , along with being able to target the specific mats you need without entering zoned which you cannot handle or which are trivial to you .
i found a couple of reports where people claimed stalkers on rooftops are just weirdly glitched . i think the game spawns them on the roof but then does not really know how to get them " stalking " properly . it would not surprise me if encountering them on the roof occasionally triggered other glitches . apparently also turning around at the last moment causes ezio to push them down instead of the stalker grabbing you ( according to part of that thread which i apparently skimmed and did not fully process . . . ) , so maybe it is a combination of the two ?
have you tried jumping off of a higher part of the tower , and then using a parachute to angle yourself back around ? the parachute is a bit tricky , but invaluable when trying to reach odd locations like that . i do not think i have this fragment yet , but i do think it might also be possible to jump off the top of another nearby tower to get the right angle for the parachute . note that you can not parachute if you are doing a leap of faith , so do not jump off any areas where birds are roosting or circling ( or towards a haystack/rosebush/etc ) , lest you swan dive into a rose bush or hay bale instead . if you are dropping down off of some impossible height , you can always press b to hookblade anything that is grabbable on the way down . no matter how far you fall , you will always avoid damage if you can hook a platform on the way down . if you fall somewhat close to the platform , try mashing b as you fall to see if you can not grab onto it . hooking a platform 2 feet off the ground from a deadly fall without tearing your arm out of its socket ? ezio 's all like , what ? i am an assassin . we are so bad .
according to the doom 3 1.3.1 patch notes , doom 3 is vista compatible . i am assuming this implies that the original version had some compatibility issues . according to various threads , the demo does not work properly in vista , although the full game does .
you can not skip the treasure yeti . once it appears you either have to fight it or just let it run away . you can find more about the yeti here . you have to fully finish the level in order to continue .
you can do multiple control groups . group 1 = all of them group 2 = marines group 3 = marauders group 4 = tank group 5 = banshees selecting your other control groups does not lose your full control group . very useful for air .
at first : it would be nice if you added a more details error description ( error message ? servers listed or not ? timeout at connection to the server ? etc . ) . depending on you country you will the cut or the uncut version of the game by steam . cut and uncut version are incompatible ( at least at the time i played ) ; so you can not play with a cut version on an uncut server and vice versa . there will be probable no servers left for the uncut version . there are patches out there to convert a cut version to uncut ( just google for " rainbox 6 vegas 2 uncut patch" ) . another widespread problem is that some routers require configuration . you have to open these ports ; tcp : 3074 to 3174 + 10130 ( in- and outgoing ) udp : 10140 ( in- and outgoing )
i eventually found someone else who had been having the same issue , and they reported that exiting raptr before playing solved the issue . i just tested this and the game loaded fine . to resolve this problem , exit raptr ( assuming you are using it - if not , i am afraid i do not know )
having negative piety gives you a bonus to technology rate and taxes , which is how you get the tech rate . there is no unmentioned bonus . ideally you want to keep piety at one end of the spectrum or the other , both have advantages . piety is not like piety in crusader kings , where it is all good . instead it represents the advantages of secularism ( tech , church taxes ) versus theocracy ( morale and stability ) . you can see your current modifiers by hovering over the current piety label or percentage slider on the religion tab . hover over the flag icons on either end of the slider to see the maximum available modifiers .
for background , reference these questions : how can i increase the density of residential zones ? how do you provide more workers to your city ? ok , now that the basics are covered , let 's talk about purpose of r , c , and i . in a town with a manufacturing specialization . r is the source of your residential agents . if you are focusing on a specialization , your main interest in r is that it brings in workers . place parks to set the land value of an area and force a given wealth level to settle there . all r wealth levels start at low density and expand as happiness accrues . you will need areas that are not near parks for low wealth to settle into and expand into lw hd r buildings . you want to keep your jobs full , so add ( or density up ) more r until that happens . workers of a given wealth level will only work at jobs with a matching wealth level ( most buildings have jobs for each wealth level ) . you will want at least the lw and mw residential buildings , as they supply the most workers per building . if you are having tax trouble and have space to work with , then add hw residentials . c is primarily a source of r happiness , which will cause r to increase in density . usually you will want to satisfy at least half of your shoppers . shoppers of a given wealth level will only shop at c buildings of the matching wealth level . c also provides jobs and taxes . you may want to keep c at medium density for tax and traffic purposes . c mainly increases in density by selling its goods . if you overbuild c , you will have extra jobs pulling workers away from your specialization and extra unsold goods which will cause c to abandon . if you need to increase r happiness and really can not spare the workers for c , use parks ( with expansions ) . the " medium field with parking " is ideal low wealth r in size , capacity and cost . it does not increase land value , so you can place it near your lw r without worry . i is primarily a source of jobs without an increase in goods . since you have a specialization , it is entirely possible you do not have spare workers for i to soak up and therefore do not need any i buildings .
when you are alone put the highest resonators available right away . placing a resonator gives you 125 ap , while upgrading one gives you 65 , but only if you are not the owner of the resonator . upgrading your own resonators will give you exactly nothing , zero , nil . this means that with a friend you will get more ap by starting with low-level resonators and gradually upgrading them . also you have to remember the limits on resonators ' deployment that depends on your level . anyway you can always check how many ap you get by looking at the log in your scanner .
do not know if you are having the same problem as i did . but i found i could not delete a character via the ' terminate ' icon also . but i could right click on his portrait when he was in the ' selected ' position and terminate from the pop up menu .
yes once stolen , items are simply marked as stolen , and do not contain any information needed to mark them as not stolen ( such as where you have stolen the item from ) .
a few options : the most obvious solution is to increase the production of the city . a few ways to do it are : build a few production-increasing buildings before you build your long building . purchase production-increasing buildings with gold . increase the production yield of the city 's tiles by improving them with workers , or build factories using great engineers ( though great engineers can be used in a different way , see below ) . marble is especially useful , as any city which has a worker on improved marble gets a 25% production boost , though only for wonders . shoot for technologies or social policies that increase production . for example steam power increases production from lumber mills , so if you have a lot of those around your city this technology could really give it a boost ; railroad will allow you to connect cities by railroad which increases production ; and the order social policy will increase all production for building by 25% . redirect the civilian allocation to increase production . you can just use the radio button under the " civilian allocation focus " to let the computer choose the best allocation , or you can do it yourself manually . it means that you should put civilians inside tiles / buildings that have the most impact on production . if you are desperate for production you can de-allocate a citizen altogether : each unemployed citizen produces 1 production per turn . chop down trees around the city . chopping down trees gives a small boost towards the currently in-progress building . you can even chop trees in an area outside your territory , it still gives some production ( though less , and it gets further decreased with distance ) to your closest city . the great engineer can speed up buildings and wonders . when you use his ability it gives a tremendous boost to the current in-progress structure , often making it complete just one turn after you use his ability . very powerful , do not waste it on anything which is not worth it . notice that if you build something ridiculously difficult it will probably not get down to 1 turn . note : if it is particularly the courthouse which is giving you trouble , consider getting the police state social policy , under the autocracy tree , which makes occupied cities produce only half the unhappiness value .
it means that that pokémon has almost enough experience to level up . i assume that switching to them and winning the battle will give them enough experience , but i can not be sure .
this is a very situational , and depends on your play style . most skilled ap mids do not get an item based on whether it gives you more mana or mana regen . athene 's unholy grail ( aug ) is such a good item for mana hungry ap champs such as : ahri , anivia , kassadin etc . not only because aug has amazing mana regen abilities , allowing mana hungry champs to have sustain , but it also gives magic resist ( mr ) and a decent ability power ( ap ) boost . everything an ap mid would need to succesfully win his lane . it is also a very easy item to build up too . rod of ages ( roa ) is a good item because it gives mana and health and ability power . if you build this item first , catalyst the protector gives a decent sustain with its passive ability . also being one of the few meta acceptable items for an ap mid to build that has health , its great for survivability now a days the only champion that usually builds archangel staff is karthus , and its usually 4 archangel staffs with sorcerer 's shoes and rabadon 's deathcap . this usually accomplishes the goal of being able to nearly one shot the entire enemy team with requiem . although i would not suggest this build at all . as a rule of thumb for my builds i usually go heavy mana regen for ap champs such as ahri and kassadin . champs that have long cooldowns , and burn through their rotation very quickly . heavy max mana is great for champions like anivia and karthus who have very important aoe spells that are channeled and tear through mana faster then any amount of mana regen will keep up with . but this is hugely dependent on play style and preference and my opinion . if you had like examples for more champs let me know .
i do not think there is a cap on the amount of resources you can send allies . i do not have a definitive source for this but i have done some testing : my team once tried a strategy where one of us only built expansions and economy , protected by static defenses . she then piped the resources to my friend and i , who went for high-tech builds . she never ran into a limit on sending resources . this " strategy " is kind of fun since it lets one person handle all the macro and another all the micro , but it has it is own risks . you cannot send resources immediately though . when you start a game , if you click the transfer button right away , you will see there is a delay before you can start sending ( i think it is 5 minutes but i could be wrong ) . i assume this is to prevent a true cheese rush where people send all their resources to one person , effectively letting one person start with 18 workers .
there is no flat elemental resistance stat ; all elemental resistances reduce a percentage of the incoming damage . your gem is useful , do not worry ! as a side note , a dokkalfar starting with the earth deity , gaea , starts out with 5% elemental resistance . if that effect required something else to make it work , it would uniquely be the only race/deity choice that does not affect you at the start of the game .
in the ~\Documents\Battlefield 2\Profiles folder , you can find various numbered folders containing profile data . inside them you will find the following files : Profile.con : contains your login information such as name , nickname and gamespy account information . everything else : your game settings . all these are text files , which you can manually edit . you can find out which profile was used last by reading the Global.con file . in order to rename your profile , you need to edit the following two lines : LocalProfile.setName "name" LocalProfile.setNick "name"  change name to your desired name . the setNick command defines the name that is displayed on the login screen . the setName defines your in-game name , as seen on the scoreboard . i am not sure if this works with online profiles . if you want to create another profile , you can save yourself the trouble of manually configuring the game again by copying all files but Profile.con in your old profile directory to the new one .
bolt arrows ( and the corresponding " no bolt arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage sunken city . super bomb arrows ( and the corresponding " no super bomb arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage towerforge . feather arrows ( and the corresponding " no feather arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage ascension . dark portals are unlockable by unlocking the purple archer . gunn style is unlockable by going to the credits screen and press left right up up down jump .
if you come back to bhakti later , he will reward you new titles and trophies if you have fulfilled the requirements for them since the last time you visited him . so , there is no reason not to repair him the first chance you get .
the set friend note is for your own personal reference , you can type anything in there that you want . for example , if they are not your realid friends with them and just in game friends , you can set a note to remind you that sorean is really neo matrix . or you can say put into the notes that i play protoss and enjoy adding dark templar 's into my late game play . i am not sure why it is not saving anything for you , but it is working and saving the notes i typed for anyone on my list .
barbarians ( and assassins , in the expansion ) are the only classes who can dual wield . barbarians can dual wield any one-handed melee weapons - one-handed swords , one-handed axes , one-handed hammers . they can also dual wield throwing weapons like javelins , but without the double throw skill they can not throw from both hands . as a final point , they can also wield a two-handed sword in a single hand in order to dual-wield . this does reduce the damage , and the power of the weapon for both single-handed and two-handed version is listed on hovering . assassins can only dual wield their claw weapons . when you perform normal attacks , you will alternate between the weapons in your hands . the attack speed is calculated for each arm swing , so different weapon speeds will result in different attack speeds . however , the speed is generally faster than if you just swung either of the weapons twice . clicking faster has no effect , and the damage is simply that of each weapon hitting . and of course , dual wielding is necessary to use a number of combat skills like double swing , double throw , and frenzy for the barbarian , and some martial arts skills for the assassin . your right hand strikes first , but in most scenarios it is fairly moot whether you keep your weapons on one hand or the other .
you should buy them online . steam is great , easy to use , and keeps all your games updated with latest patches automatically . here is an article explaining how to buy games through steam you need a credit card , a paypal or clickandbuy .
there are a number of ways you can handle this , and i will try to break them down for you : roach work baneling style infestor harassment brood lord back dooring roaches are what many people consider the marine 's natural enemy . with high hp ( almost 3 times a marine ) and that 1 base armor its not surprising people would believe this . unlikely in starcraft 1 , marine 's can not upgrade their attack range , so the shorter range of the roach is punished less . the biggest issue you have to worry about with roach based play is where you engage your opponent . ideally you want to engage on open ground , on creep , and with a nice arc . try to remember that because of the roaches ' short range remember to " move " into melee range , instead of " attack move . " baneline style is very popular against mmm in general , and usually used to compliment roach or hydra work . if you initially engage with your roaches ( in more marauder based play you had use hydralisks here ) , and then bring in banelings from the side or behind ( flanking in military terms ) , you can usually make quick work of any marine based force . remember you never attack with banelings , as they explode on death to do damage . instead just " move " near the marine force and let the marines kill them off . i cannot stress how important baneling speed upgrade is against a marine force , even on creep . infestor harassment is also a nice compliment to dealing with marines . while medivac will heal most of the damage quickly , in the middle of a fight , infestors can prevent marines from backing up , while dealing incredible dps ( 9*#of marines ) . they are an excellent compliment to a roach or zergling based strategy . if you are dealing with infestors alone , remember that it will usually require 2 fungal growths to kill a pack of marines ; where " usually " is influenced by the use of stim and the presence of medivacs . if you are coming from a late game air strategy it'll make more sense to use broodlords . brood lords are effective because of their high damage , and because broodlings draw fire from marines . because broodlords are slow , its normally useful to engage from the edge of a cliff , where few marines can hit you . unless you have a very large number of broodlords , this kind of play is unlikely to be effective on its own , and is best complimented with a cheap ground force ( something ling based ) . backdooring is usually an effective technique for shutting down late game terran pushes . terran style tends to be fairly turtle dependent , so most terran players will run for their base when ever its in trouble . you can leverage this with muta harass , zergling drops , or even nydus canal . the very fact that you are in his base will often make a terran call off his assault , giving you more time to prepare . with the exception of the last strategy , all these strategies are what i like to call " meat and potatoes " strategies . they have some method for killing the marines and some method for distracting them . this is because marines are extremely cost effective dps and once they hit critical mass , almost impossible to destroy for a short range based zerg force . you strategy should look something like this : i need something for him to hit ( let 's say ultralisks ) and something to kill him ( let 's say hydralisks , two units i did not recommend ) . you would then engage with your ultra heavy force , backed by long range hydra . the marines will naturally target the ultra who have high hp and armor , while the hydra do the lion 's share of the damage . when designing an anti-marine strategy keep this in mind . i used to include an explanation of arcs here , but i have since moved it
you will need to reclaim items , workshops , etc . as specified in this wiki article .
you should be more concerned with killing him efficiently , instead . here are a few tips for fighting the persuer , and enemies like him : first off , he uses a shield . while a shield offers a high potential for defense , it can be gravely detrimental if you understand the weakness it brings ; it offers a blindspot in most , if not all , of his attacks . wait for him to lunge , strike , or combo , then quickly roll towards his shield 's side , and then punish him . secondly , the persuer does not have any ranged attacks ( aside from a unique ability unlocked only if he manages to impale you while his sword is glowing blue , signified by a glowing blue tint in his eyes ) , but he does have a great gap-closer , which is telegraphed by him beginning to float , and then lunging toward you . because it is easy to read , you can dodge it easily , and then having a chance to effectively punish him again . third , the arena is small , and only made smaller by the debris scattered around . if you need to grant yourself some more wriggle room , either break the obstacles , or bait persuer into attacking them for you , and always be careful not to fall out of the arena . finally , always be sure that your weight load ( bottom right of equipment screen ) is always less than 70% . if you go over 70% , your characters dodge roll will be . . . more of a backwards belly-flop . without your dodge roll , you cannot easily avoid enemy attacks . you are safer dodging an attack with light armor , than taking an attack head-on with the heaviest , beefiest gear in the game . boss fights in dark souls are about skills in dodging , reading enemy movements , and knowing when to attack , heal , or bait an attack . some bosses have unique strategies , but many bosses can be killed easily with patience and well timed dodge rolls .
all professions have 1 of their 5 skill slots dedicated exclusively to a small selection of healing skills . obviously , there are only so many ways to design a healing skill ( heal immediately , or heal over time ; heal single or aoe ; skill is active or passive ) , so when designing 3 heal skills for each of the 8 professions , some overlap in the core mechanic ( healing ) is unavoidable . however , they are not the same ; every profession gets its uniquely flavored healing skills , tailored to their general abilities and allowing for various playstyles . a necromancer 's healing skill might involve draining an enemy , while an engineer 's healing turret also heals nearby allies while the turret is alive , or he dispenses bandage packs that can be picked up by any ally . a warrior 's healing skill might provide passive regeneration and an active , immediate heal , while another trades the passive heal for an adrenaline boost when using the active , increasing your fighting power . in essence , it is true that there are no dedicated healers - if any player just stands around and takes a lot of damage quickly , it will be pretty much impossible to save him with healing skills alone . dodging , positioning , and selecting the right weapon/skill loadout for an encounter ( i.e. . skill and game knowledge ) are much more relevant for survival than healing skills or gear quality . every player in guild wars 2 might have some abilities to heal or protect each other , which means that there is no holy trinity . no character will only tank ( it will also heal and deal damage ) , no character will only deal ( it will eventually need to drop some heals ) and no character will only healbot ( it will be dealing damage , and may even tank ) . besides that , all characters will be applying eventual boons to party , so as protection zones and overall support skills
as you mentioned , heavy rain is heavily plot-focused : the mechanics of the controls are not meant to add artificial difficulty to the game itself . any difficulty is intended to come from the puzzles and solving the mystery . so there is no penalty for any difficulty setting : you will even earn trophies at the lower difficulty settings . feel free to use whatever setting you feel most comfortable with .
unfortunately on a server where there are no rules against griefing and everything is destroyable , there is no foolproof way to " trap " enemy players . any redstone contraption can easily be avoided , as it requires stepping on a pressure plate which can be seen by anyone looking for them . traps in pitch black can easily be avoided by small investments in torches by an opposing player . any wall can be tunneled through . aside from triggering redstone traps , the environment will not " update " in response to a player , thus any crafty player can avoid all traps with a little resources . the best way to keep your stuff secure is to hide it . the best way to do this is to use a servers /home and /sethome commands . simply go deep into the wilderness . dig deep into the ground and ideally try to find a naturally occurring lava source . replace the blocks above you and put your chest inside the lava source and /sethome . even players using x-ray tools will only see the natural lava source ( torches are a dead giveaway of a base ) and will not be able to see the chest . tl ; dr : bases can not be secure , and hiding is difficult from x-raying players . put a chest in lava and walk away .
there are a couple of things you can do to avoid an untimely acid-drenched loss . early detection the earlier you scout that baneling nest , the sooner you can begin preparing to counter banelings . if you are worried about baneling landmines , get a raven as soon as possible , as it is economically unfeasible to continuously use scanner sweep to preface your advance ( though in a pinch , they work fine ) . research and upgrades the marine combat shield and infantry armor help minorly against baneling assaults , but the real research to aim for is stimpacks . stimmed marines move at 3.37 and change , which is faster than even speed-upgraded banelings ( at 2.9531 ( +0.4531 with creep ) ) . unupgraded , baneling 's speed of 2.5 will overtake the 2.25 speed marines . stimmed marines can not only escape alive , but can kite the zerg , taking potshots at the encroaching banelings if you have got decent micro . see this question for more on that . army composition stick some marauders in your army ! not only do their concussive shells slow down the baneling advance , but they have both more health ( 125 compared to 45 ( 55 ) ) and lack the " light " keyword that gives banelings bonus damage against marines . you can almost never have too many medivacs -- if you are trapped or otherwise able to escape , you may be able to load your marines into the dropships to save a large portion of your forces . micro perhaps the most important thing to consider is how well you control your marines , and how well your opponent is controlling their banelings . banelings are extremely cost effective units if they get to use most of their splash damage , so your goal is to minimize the number of units hit by any one baneling . if you watch professionals play the game , you can sometimes see things such as a single marine peeling off from the ball to suicide against 2-3 banelings -- the fewer units over which you can spread the baneling damage , the better your odds of coming out of the skirmish with your army still intact .
i believe letting her die will reward you more ; however this is purley from memory and may not be entirely accurate .
you can not host a server for minecraft pocket edition using the pc dedicated minecraft server . despite the name and visual similarity , in software terms minecraft and minecraft pe are completely unrelated and incompatible games . there are currently two options for hosting a pe server : running an android simulator on a pc and running minecraft pe on that . using pocketmine-mp server software .
thanks yx_ for your answer . the exact menu choices are as follows : from the main menu choose " start new career " . hit the " a " button to " connect to database " . ( the game will establish a secure connection and take you to the profile reconstruction menu . ) choose " select existing id " on the profile reconstruction menu . select your existing character from the list of available careers . ( careers are listed with the characters name and level . )
a simple explanation . . . travel between dimensions in minecraft is always mediated by portals . gaining access to the nether requires that you build a nether portal out of obsidian blocks , and since endermen can not move obsidian blocks , they can not build the portal to get there . however , movement between the end and the overworld is possible for endermen because : end portals already exist by default in overworld strongholds . the ender dragon has the ability to create a portal leading from the end to the overworld , as evidenced when it is killed by the player . also , endermen just spawn normally in the overworld . if you were to stand on one side of a nether portal with an enderman on the other side and look at him , he would walk forward and travel to the nether , which mobs can do as of 1.4.2 .
when using any burst fire pistol , mordecai 's gun crazy has a chance to double the amount of rounds in the spread . this applies to both burst fire repeaters and mashers .
hold on to them next patch tuesday you will be able to buy battle-master commendations patch 1.1.5 notes
mitigation in neverwinter means exactly what the actual definition of the word means . so for example , ray of enfeeblement has the following description : ray of enfeeblement : over several seconds , deal damage to your enemy while decreasing their damage and mitigation . debuff duration increased based on stack of arcane mastery so , what this all means is for a period of time you have lowered the targets ability to reduce the damage from your incoming attacks . well how is the target mitigating ( there is that word again ) damage from your attacks in the first place ? good question , glad you asked . damage resistance is mitigation . damage resistance decreases the amount of damage you take from incoming attacks . defense helps to increase this stat . therefore , if you put this all together using what you just learned ( stay with me now ) it goes something like this . . . " target x " has a damage resistance stat 21.2% . you cast ray of enfeeblement on target x which reduces his damage mitigation by 15% . over the next several seconds , target x 's damage resistance ( ie : mitigation ) is effectively 6.2% 21.2% - 15% = 6.2%
that is a common bug that can be solved by telling your follower to leave and then telling him to join again .
make sure you do not delete the " meta-inf " for the server . this will corrupt it . also make sure you download the server mod . not the client mod
i do not think there is a surefire way of doing this , however you can improve your chances with the following things . position yourself in the middle of the guards , and make sure you are not locked onto any of them , and not looking at either of them either . [ this make that particular guard a target ] have the double blades equipped hold r1 [ assuming ps3 ] , to perform the aggressive take down . throw down a smoke bomb to make it exceptionally easy . points 1-4 apply to air double assassinations as well , however i would suggest trying it from a ledge where you are close enough to the guards [ close enough that you can actually lock on to one of them ] , so that you do not go into leap of faith .
there is only one ending in the single player campaign , no other maps exist to allow for any sort of variation ( unless you count dying as an " ending" ) . most of the " multiple endings " talk thrown around online are in reference to the co-op and single player being different .
heroes of might and magic vi ( or whatever anagram thereof they are calling it ) tracks weapon experience separately from dynasty experience . in short : dynasty levels go up to 50 , and unlock tiers at the altar of wishes . weapon levels go up to 5 , and unlock new passive bonuses or active combat abilities . in both cases , however , leveling them up is the same - winning battles . in the case of the weapons , the dynasty weapon in question must be wielded by a hero in the battle . so . . . what do you have to do ? win more battles ! you have not reached weapon level 2 , you have reached dynasty level 2 . final note : do not be discouraged by the seemingly insane numbers you need to reach weapon levels 3 , 4 , and 5 . is it a lot ? yes . but in the last map of each campaign , when you are routinely slaying 100 's of angels ( or angel-analogue ) per fight , it adds up quick .
not all merchants have replacements . anoriath in the whiterun market certainly does not , if you are looking for a specific counterexample . there are a number of other merchants in whiterun who do not appear to have " understudies , " such as arcadia , eorlund , elrindir , and the other market merchants . ysolda will take over the bannered mare if hulda is killed . i do not know of any way ( other than experimentation ) to determine which vendors will be replaced . i do not believe alvor has a replacement if he is killed . when he was killed by a dragon attack in my game , i resurrected him in the console ( though i have not used him since ) .
i am not familiar with age of empires 2 scenarios , but i found a list of scenarios with explanations which includes path blood at a blog called gaming lan . it does not include michi , but there is an explanation up at urban dictionary . . . . a type of game map that uses impassable terrain ( usually forest ) to prevent players from rushing or coming into contact until the intervening terrain is cleared .
the moves you have to perform in a single combo are ( ps3 / 360 / pc ) : strike ( square / x / mouse left ) counter ( triangle / y / mouse right ) cape stun ( circle / b / mouse middle ) evade ( x / a x2 / space x2 ) throw ( square + x / a + x / shift + mouse left ) takedown ( triangle + circle / b + y / shift + mouse right ) ground takedown ( r2 + triangle / rt + y / ctrl left + mouse right ) batarang ( l1 / lt / q ) batclaw ( r2 x2 / rt x2 / c ) as far as which order and where to do it , i would check sites like true achievements ( xbox 360 ) , or ps3 trophies forums for some tips . check youtube as well , there is loads of videos for it and a bunch of different possible solutions .
this youtube video could probably help you : http://youtu.be/tbh55gliqje
to answer your title 's question , strange flamethrowers only count kills done by that weapon 's fire damage . this is either through direct damage ( w + m1 ) or the afterburn . it does not count reflects sadly . taken straight from the tf2 wiki 's strange page : the following actions do not increase the total kill count : killing an enemy with a compression blast . strange - tf2 wiki as for kill counts , i have a strange degreaser and flare gun too and my flare gun does have a lot more than the degreaser . my guess is in how i play . i tend to ignite , air blast and follow up with a flare gun shot or the axtinguisher . i reflect a lot also ( but those kills do not count ) . if at range i use the flare gun for ignitions and annoying . since the afterburn damage on the degreaser is less , then you are less likely to get a kill from that than the other flamethowers . also if you do the air blast and flare gun , the flare gun 's afterburn will override the degreaser 's so if you get the kill after that , it is for the flare gun . i would so love a separate counter on my degreaser for reflect kills , like the sentry kill count on the engy 's wrench .
unfortunately , there is not any way to keep the game from pausing when your controller shuts off . however , there is a way to keep the controller from turning off . sadly , you need either a wired controller , or the play ' n charge kit . by connecting the controller via the usb port on your xbox , it will keep the controller from powering off , allowing you to rake in the digital dough .
yes you can . i managed to do it on deus ex mode . here are a few things that may help out : use those exploding barrels . you can use those to take out enemies that are nearby . if you have a long ranged weapon like sniper rifle , it helps out a lot . you have to take out those heavies fast as they do tons of damage . get the attention of the big bot that gets dropped . if you can toss two emp grenades over , he will die . if you do not have any , shoot it a few times so he is focused on you instead . you can still save her on a pacifist playthrough , but its much harder . here 's a video walkthrough on how to do it . the reward for saving malik is : she later assists you by saving the sarif scientists in singapore and dealing with a bunch of enemies with an emp blast so you do not have to face them .
categorized favorites menu provides this , although the last time i used it ( a few versions back ) it had a few quirks , and sometimes did not actually equip everything it was meant to . might be fixed by now though .
zodiac weapons . . . are required to get a gold laurel wreath on the level . unlock more weapon fusion options , though they still do not seem to be special in any way . unlock a square in the treasure hunt grid , required for finishing the treasure hunt and 100% completion .
yes , as awesomesocks42 mentions the type of pokemon you put to sleep influences which area of the dream world you will visit . here is a list to help you determine which type will increase your chances to visit a particular area : q : does the type of pokemon i tuck-in influence which area i go to ? a : yes , depending on the pokemon 's type you will visit a certain area more often than others , here is a list of which types each area prefers ( list is tentative ) : type - area bug - pleasant forest dark - spooky manor dragon - no preference electric - pleasant forest fire - rugged mountain fighting - rugged mountain flying - windswept sky ghost - spooky manor grass - pleasant forest ground - icy cave and rugged mountain ice - icy cave normal - dream park rock - icy cave and rugged mountain poison - pleasant forest psychic - spooky manor steel - icy cave and rugged mountain water - sparkling sea source : smogon dream world research thread
light vs heavy bows i think there are objective answers to 1 . dps is frankly a minimal concern with bows considering : the real damage from bows comes from sneak attacks . both light and heavy bows will get the first shot at the same time ( t = 0 ) and then get one or two after that . ( personally , i would rather trade a bit of dps for higher initial damage . it is better to not need that second shot for me . ) you are not rapid-firing them , so even if the max speed differential is x% the actual differential is usually lower than that . plus you can miss . to get that higher dps you have to actually connect . it gets easier with bullet time , of course . it is not even a big difference . a daedric bow only weighs 4 ( pounds ? ) more than a glass bow , so it fires around 15% slower . the real question should be whether you want to conserve perks and what fits best from a role-playing perspective . the faster dps from light bows really comes from things like the long bow , where you would obviously be giving up a considerable amount of damage . but it is hard to say where on the continuum the next lightest bow is better than the next heaviest bow . in-game vs crafted smithing and enchanting will allow you to create much better weapons and armor than you will find in-game . add in alchemy and the difference is huge . this is especially true for items like the nightingale bow and other items where no smithing perks apply . in fact , <a href="stackexchange-url any bow for which you have a smithing perk can potentially be crafted to exceed the nightingale bow in damage . you do not really even have to exploit anything here ; if you have enchanting at 100 you can obviously add the same effects and with smithing at 100 you can definitely make a stronger bow .
no , they do not , they are just skins .
as a stealth character , i always go by the credo , kill it in 1 shot you want to do as much damage with the initial shot as possible so you will not need a second shot . because of this , i tend to favor the bigger , heavier weapons over the lighter ones . having said that , if you were solely relying on bows as your source of damage , then you should be carrying two bows in the first place . from uesp : time = 0.4s full draw * ( 1 + 0.1 * bow weight ) / ( 1 + quick shot perk ) minimum full draw shot time = time + 1s here are some bow values with base damage : longbow - weight 5 - 6 damage hunting bow - weight 7 - 7 damage daedric bow - weight 18 - 19 damage longbow weighs the least so shoots the fastest , but it does not allow you to use smithing perks to obtain the maximum damage . hunting bow is the lightest bow that you can improve to the max . daedric bow does the most damage . using the above formula , here are the total speed it takes to do 1 shot ( with no perks ) : longbow - 1.6 seconds hunting bow - 1.68 seconds daedric bow - 2.12 seconds for all accounts and purposes , the hunting bow is far superior to the longbow since it has a much higher maximum possible damage value due to steel smithing with very little increase to total shot time . so now the choice is between the hunting bow and daedric bow . keep in mind the values you see are base damage , with skills in marksman as well as the archery perks , the final difference between the hunting bow and daedric bow will be amplified . final damage = ( base damage + smithing increase ) * ( 1 + 0.5 * skill/100 ) * ( 1 + perk effects ) * ( 1 + item effects ) lets assume smithing adds the same amount of damage to both bows , so we can drop that modifier , we can ignore arrows for the same reason : lets also add in a 50% marksman damage modifier from gear since that is pretty easy to get : final damage values : hunting bow - 31.5 damage = 18.75 dps daedric bow - 85.5 damage = 40.33 dps @andreas is right , i should not have dropped smithing and arrow bonus since it benefits the bow with the faster shot more : final dps values with an arbitrarily high smithing and arrow bonus ( lets say adds 200 damage ) : hunting bow - 231.5 damage = 137.797 daedric bow - 285.5 damage = 134.670 looks like at this point the hunting bow starts winning out dps wise . so the daedric bow not only does more damage per shot at low smithing but the hunting bow eventually wins out . however , keep in mind the higher damage from the daedric bow is increased by x3 from the sneak attack multiplier for roughly ~150 more damage in the end . use the heavier ( daedric bow ) for sneaking final caveat : if you are facing a lot of small and weak enemies ( swarm of rats , for instance ) , then you purely want # of shots per minute since doing high damage is overkill . in those situations , you will go with a longbow for the fastest arrow output .
she stands around at the hidden camp before quest 8 , right at the edge of the cliff . like captain rumford in new tristram she always only has one topic at a time , and one of these topics will make her drop her poem .
floating islands are generally natural formations that are made on the map , however you are free to create them yourself . basically , any block outside of sand and gravel do not actually obey gravity , and simply stay in place when the block below them is destroyed ( or when placed adjacent to another block with nothing underneath it ) . using this simple concept , you can create your own floating platforms by first building using a grounded scaffold , and then destroying the scaffold . if you " sneak " ( check your configuration for the key ) then you will not fall off the edge of any block , so you can place several adjacent blocks while on top of your platform by looking over the edge of the platform and placing a block . this will allow you to create vast floating platforms . as for lava you need a bucket crafted and a lava source block , that is , a block of lava that is not " flowing " . you can than harvest the lava source block while holding the bucket and right clicking on the lava source block . you can then place this like any other block ( and lava will start to flow from the source block ) .
it sounds like you are hitting the jump button instead of the " action hijack " one to perform that final jump . from the official manual or steam manual : while driving and approaching another car , you can use left shift to leap between the moving vehicles and perform an action hijack . when the white arrow pointing towards the target vehicle turns green , tap the left shift button to leap and take control of the other car . both manuals state that left shift is the " action hijack " button but the in game default seems to be q so just replace left shift in the above with q or , if manually remapped , whatever you have it mapped to .
the china rising bomber is deployed from one of the control points that is held by your team on conquest mode . the trailer you need to enter is a yellow " portable " box with a radar disk on the side . once you enter it , the system connects you to an inbound bomber which flys fairly quickly across the map . the bomber can drop 4 jdam bombs and a cruise missile during each " load " and if you are quick you can get two loads per run . you can click on the ground where the bombs are to be deployed to , however with a 5-6 second flight time they are not suited to moving targets , more likely meant for stationary infantry and vehicles . you cannot control the speed or direction of the plane , but you can deploy a bank of 30 flares to avoid any missiles fired at it . once you get a kill you unlock the suav for the recon kit , a small , battery powered , remote-controllable plane that can spot enemies , lase targets , and ( currently ) roadkill as many people as you can hit before the battery runs out . once the plane has finished it is run and you exit the command unit , there is a cooldown timer before it can be used again .
no , they do not reset . what you are experiencing is a bug ( that is , as far as i know , still not fixed ) where achievements do not get transmitted to the server correctly and thus disappear again after starting a new session . for example , here 's a section from a news article about it : those users lucky enough to make it in have reported quite a number of issues . one which is drawing particular ire is the apparent loss of achievements , although responses in a blizzard forum thread on the matter suggest the servers may just be playing catch up ; the developer noted that the achievements server is getting hammered .
lost places are locations that can be found by scouts , and only by scouting . discovering a lost place nets you 1-2 of an idea chip and 1-2 of an item , which is specific to each possible lost place . it also shows up on your map with its name , although after its discovery you have no real meaningful interaction you can do with it anymore . each region of the overworld ( so , each nation plus hello island and pc island ) has 6 possible lost places that can be found . you can find a lost place by having scouts search in any dungeon in that region . however , in any given playthrough , only 3 lost places can be found per region . this is where the trust system comes into play , which plays differently than it does for every other usage of the system . if you trust the report of a scout , then the scout 's information about the location of a lost place will be correct , and you will get that . if you distrust the report of a scout , then the scout will report about a different lost place , and while it will note that the scout was wrong about where it was , you do actually find this different lost place . so even though there are six lost places per region , there is only 3 possible locations for each lost place , as two lost places occupy each such location . if this is confusing , picture it as if each region has 3 cards - you can either find a card face up ( trusted ) or face down ( distrusted ) , and that determines which you get . your usage of the trust system is generally to specify which idea chips you want - so if for example you get a particularly meh chip from a specific lost place , reloading and seeing what the opposite side has can be handy .
press c , just figured it out myself
well , it involves a lot of use in the rubees room . take a look around , there is a couple of characters that are willing to give you some " info " in exchange for some rupees . first , earn 100 rubees in the generator room and take them to the room on the 1st floor , where the prisoner on the left will exchange them for the code to the locked room on the 2nd floor ( the wheel room ) in the wheel room you need to grab 10,000 rubees ( does not take too long in that room ) and them use them to pay the prisoner in the break room who can only be seen by flipping , here will exchange them for the code to the vault . hope all this helps .
those are cosmetic . only the stars count . you can i mprove your score by finishing a round in one of the following ways . hole in one - for this , you have to get the star by drawing a single line old school , and - for this , you should not touch the ball or draw any pins awesome - the user marks a solution " awesome " . you can look for some sample solutions on youtube walkthroughs for each . : )
i have not discovered every last secret in the game , so i can not claim to be authoritative , but based on what i have experienced in this game so far and from my experience with prior games in the series : you can not participate in any kind of co-op or pvp , obviously . you can not read or write messages . you can not meaningfully participate in ( or earn rewards from ) any convenants that require pvp or co-op interaction to do so . certain boss fights or protected areas that are designed to bring in other human players as opponents will probably use ai-controlled npcs in those players ' place . all of the story/npc elements are almost certainly still accessible , as npc progress is solely based on your solo exploration and interactions , which are mechanically unchanged in offline mode . this is also how it worked in both previous souls games . the sole exception to this may be any covenant npc dialog or events that are only accessible after you have ranked up in one of the aforementioned co-op or pvp-oriented covenants .
i can not really tell you why your autopilot does not work , setting destination should work fine unless you accidentaly put raneilles on to your " avoid system " autopilot blacklist . but you can of course always fly manually if the autopilot fails you ( happens more often than you might think ) and plan your route with out of game resources like dotlan . i prepared a navigation link on dotlan for you here : http://evemaps.dotlan.net/route/clellinon:raneilles
no , there is no option to skip an attack . what you can do is either use a power potion and then a spell ( items are a ' free ' action , and there is really no point in hoarding consumables ) , or use the ' switch buddy ' command to swap in a different team member with a ranged attack , such as kenny . alternately , just eat the riposte . honestly , they usually do not do that much damage . butters can handle it .
the damage_amount part of the /give player data_value:damage_amount quantity notation only works when you install the essentials plugin for bukkit . for example : /give player_name 35:1 quantity gives you orange wool /give player_name 35:2 quantity gives you magenta wool /give player_name 44:3 quantity gives you cobblestone slabs /give player_name 358:1 quantity gives you map_1 note that this syntax also works for the /i command , except it does not require the player_name variable ( giving yourself ) .
if there is actually an illusory wall , it will take precedence over reading the message when you hit the interact button . many of these " illusory wall " messages are in fact fake and attempts at trolling . so , if you find an illusory wall message , try getting close and interacting . if it does not work , then the message was a lie .
nope , actually it is better to load all possible mods and dlcs and start the new game than adding them at different times or loading previous games . bugs and textures and so will be overwriten or constant rather than making sudden changes in your savegames which can lead to missing file/texture for other mods . . . which will cause avalanche of crashes . note : dlcs are official and are bug tested ( mostly ) , adding many mods ( community ) will make serious problems as gametime goes on .
according to the answer posted on this question , and the article mentioned in the same question : the player can make a lot of choices about the main character 's story , but how much can we affect the world around us ? there are not a lot of destructive branching paths in the story that lock the player onto a certain path or close off things in the game . rolston used to think that forcing characters to make these kinds of choices was innovative game design , but he now sees them as too limiting . there are lots of choices in the game , but the consequences of the choices will not lock the player out of content . players will be able to complete all the faction questlines in a single playthrough of the game if they so choose .
everything in eve is based on a tick based mechanic . the implementation is very transparent unlike in some other massively multiplayer games but it is evident in many of the actions available in game . at the time of writing the tick speed is 1hz . most actions in eve require a certain number of ticks to complete ( collectively called cycles ) , the number of which are then modified by skills and items . this is visible in every action - every time you target somebody , activate a module , etc - even changing direction in flight in that if you try to send too many movement based commands in quick succession they will begin to queue up ( the queue is very short , so too many commands or overriding commands will result in actions being dropped from the queue ) before being executed in the next tick . for example ; firing your weapons will activate a cycle . this cycle cannot be " cancelled " as cancelling it will still require the cycle to complete before you can start another . if the cycle completes in the middle of a tick , you will have to wait until the next tick before reactivating it and starting another cycle . additionally , the game employs a " time dilation " system in highly populated/active systems which applies a modifier to the length of all of the ticks to maintain an average load on the servers responsible for running the calculations for the actions in that system .
you can change skills whenever you want , but there are currently two penalties : there is a small cool-down in which you will not be able to use the new skill , which makes swapping skills frequently in combat disadvantageous . . . . . . and swapping skills will cause you to lose the " nephalem valor " buff that characters over level 60 get from killing elite monsters , which increases your magic find , causes boss monsters to drop additional items , and , since paragon levels were added in patch 1.0.4 , also gives bonus experience . see also the question on nephalem valor
you can not buy any traps or weapons that are naturally unlocked through the story with skulls . you can see what is and is not available for purchase in your spellbook . where most traps have the number of skulls needed to purchase them , story unlocks have a little shield that will show what is needed to unlock them upon mouseover . your friend is either lying or he is mis-remembering something . perhaps he purchased an upgrade for them , seeing as how they are unlocked very early in the story .
as it happens i was able to solve this problem because i store all of my game save files in dropbox , which i have discovered gives me the ability to undelete deleted files and directories , so while this worked for me , it is not of general usefulness . i do , however , recommend storing save files on a cloud storage platform for easy transfer between machines , backup and now for precisely this sort of situation . in the case of dropbox , it is necessary to create symbolic links from the place where windows expects the save files to be to the dropbox . to do this , one opens a command prompt window with adminstrator privileges : these instructions for windows 7/vista . everything except the " mklink " command can of course be done using the gui . directory locations may vary depending on your local setup .
as of the latest build , the quickest and most direct way to unselect a target is to bind the Lock Autotarget to an easily accessible key on your keyboard . despite what the tooltip might suggest , tapping the assigned key will untarget anything you are currently targeting .
no stopping power or juggernaut type perks . killstreaks are not stackable . you will have to earn all the killstreak rewards yourself theater mode . you can actually record gameplay without a capture card sleight of hand pro will not increase the speed of aiming down sights for sniper rifles all snipers rifles with be one-hit kills from the chest up . you can actually see what your character will look like based on the tier 1 perk you choose . wager match game types : sticks and stones , sharpshooter , one in the chamber and gun game combat training -- you can play computer controlled bots on multiplayer maps some multiplayer maps have interactive environments scavenger will only resupply ammunition and lethal grenades the equipment slot regional match making - it will be easier to find player closer to you customizable game mode - you can now share these types of games with other players weapons prestige - your weapons can now prestige like players can .
latency wise , if you are connecting from eu to a us server then you can expect some lag although not a heck ton ( varies from server to server ) . the players connecting to the same server from the us will have a minor edge although not a whole lot , to the contrary ; if you were , for example , connecting to a us server from australia you could expect some hefty latency ( most of the time ) . it is not at all ' cheating ' in any way as far as i know . if you had prefer to avoid these latency issues just try connect to a server in the eu ( if you are there ; otherwise connect to a server in the same region ) .
depends . do you want to cure the genophage ? if yes , then blab about it all the time . the first time you try you will be interrupted , but still get paragon points . if you do not want to cure the genophage , keep mum . spoiler : not revealing the sabotage will let you keep mordin from dying , but wrex will attack you . curing the genophage will result in a heroic death for mordin .
i played with this for a while ( just for fun though ( dont use it on a server ( it is still unfair compared to the other players ) ) ) . i used a x-ray texturepack which you can just put in your texturepack in . minecraft or directly through minecraft itself . strongestcraft : http://resourcepack.net/category/x-ray-resource-packs/ i hope this helped . edit since this is a texture-pack and no mod it does not interfere with any mods . the obvious downside it that you cant combine this with a fancy hd texture pack but you would not see any blocks anyhow so that does not matter .
inventory you cannot keep stuff in chests , so you will have to optimise your inventory . keep resources in their densest form , e.g. logs , iron blocks , gold blocks . throw away excess stuff when it is time to move , only take your most valuable ( irreplaceable ) stuff with you . mining you will probably want to establish a temporary base while you mine . it is not worth keeping anything but the end product so smelt and ' compress ' everything while you move on . health you will not be able to farm any food , so kill every mob you see for food . general safety . always have enough basic blocks ( wood/dirt ) to construct a minimal shelter , and always have a bed so you can skip the night . always keep a crafting table in your inventory . since it is hardcore , always have a weapon , and build leather/iron armour as soon as possible . try and skip nights as often as possible . only travel during the day .
skills that work with teammates akali 's twilight shroud also hides other friendly akalis . anivia 's frostbite will do double damage to an enemy that is ' chilled ' by another friendly anivia . brand 's abilities will all gain their passive effect if a friendly brand 's immolation is on that enemy . cassiopeia 's twin fang will be set to a . 5 cd if it hits any enemy poisoned by another friendly cassiopeia ( also goes for teemo/singed poison when not in ofa ) . darius gains movement speed from his passive for bleeding enemies , no matter which darius applied the bleeding stacks . diana 's moonlight an allied diana can use others diana 's moonlight for her lunar rush . draven may catch another friendly ( or foe ) draven 's spinning axe . jarvan iv using friendly jarvan 's demacian standard to dragon strike towards . jayce 's acceleration gate will boost the power of all friendly jayce 's shock blasts . kennen 's mark of the storm stacks no matter which kennen applies them . leblanc 's sigil of silence can be procced by friendly leblancs ( including another leblanc 's sigil of silence ) . leona can proc friendly leonas ' passive . lux can detonate the passive from any other friendly lux . maokai 's vengeful maelstrom 5 of those ulti 's will make everybody inside almost unkillable . nocturne 's duskbringer will increase friendly nocturne 's stats . quinn can proc any friendly quinn 's harrier syndra can use all friendly syndra 's orbs as if they were her own . twitch 's deadly venom can stack with other twitch 's deadly venom and be procced by a friendly twitch 's expunge . urgot 's acid hunter will lock on to a target hit by another urgot 's noxian corrosive charge . varus ' blighted quiver can stack and be procced by friendly varus ' abilities . vayne can stack on and proc friendly vayne 's silver bolts vi can stack on and proc other vi 's denting blows zigg 's satchel charge launches other friendly ziggs upon detonation . zilean 's time bomb will explode instantly if another zilean places a bomb on the same target . zyra can create plants from friendly zyras ' seeds skills that do not work with teammates passive auras buffs like heimer 's passive or janna 's passive do not stack . akali 's mark of the assassin cannot be triggered by another friendly akali . katarina 's bouncing blade mark cannot be triggered by another friendly katarina . mordekaisers cannot stack their ultimate . if attempted , the skill does nothing but the cooldown resets . sejuani 's permafrost active does not affect enemies with permafrost from another sejuani . xerath 's mage chains stun cannot be triggered by another friendly xerath . zac can only pick up his own blobs that drop when using abilities . possible skill interactions ( untested ) ahri 's charm increasing damage of friendly ahri 's . darius ' hemorrhage increases damage of friendly darius ' ults . swain 's torment incresing damage dealt by friendly swains . thresh 's the box damaging and enemy only once no matter how many different thresh walls they break . vladimir 's hemoplague either refreshing the duration or stacking for more increased damage .
i have read completely through a couple of guides and tried many things out for myself . here is what i have learned : character modifications there is really nothing that changes for your character between games . the only one that does is that you lose any spell effects that you currently have , which you would anyway for simply entering town . modifications to your max mana via sacred , ornate , and fascinating shrines persist to the new game modifications to your max health via black death zombies persist items you are wearing and carrying persist . items left on the ground in town do not . spells effects do not persist such as infravision and mana shield . any town portal you have does not persist . openings to caves , catacombs , and hell are based on your level in multiplayer and therefore appear in the new game . in single player , these openings are always closed on a new game . item modifications not all item stats persist to a new game ! the lightforge mace morphs when you carry it to a new game . ( i have not seen this happen and have no idea what it morphs into ) effects from the weird shrine do not persist to a new game . this was doubted ( for good reason ) , so here is some proof : sword affected by weird shrine : same sword after starting new game : effects from the gloomy shrine do not persist to a new game . this was also doubted , so here is more proof : helm affected by gloomy shrine : same helm after starting new game : effects from hidden shrine do persist . the helm pictured above was also affected by a hidden shrine . changes based on warrior 's repair skill and sorcerer 's recharge skill persist . current durability and spell charges persist note : any effect received from a goat shrines or cauldron will persist in the same manner as one from the named shrine .
it is not up to the ps3 , it is up to the monitor . the ps3 can not " handle " 21:9 in any way , it'll just output at 1080p ( or 720p/480 whatever ) like it always does , which will only ever look right at 16:9 . 21:9 monitors like the philips cinema 21:9 tv should all have display modes for 16:9 1080p display , which will pillarbox 1080p content and show it at it is native resolution in the center of the screen . content with the full image at 1920×1080 can be displayed in the center of the screen with pillarboxing , and should the viewer choose to not display cinemascope content at full width , it appears windowboxed . if for some reason your monitor did not pillarbox it would likely be stretched out . it is a feature you will have to check out on the display side , not the console side .
i am not sure if i understand you correctly , but i will try and provide as much info as possible : default patterns : from the moment you begin the game , you have 10 default pattens in your pockets ( accessible via the pencil icon on your touch screen ) . you can use these patterns as a hat or an umbrella by simply selecting the pattern and pressing wear ; this prompts you to choose between a hat or umbrella . these patterns can also be displayed on the ground and many choose to create paths using them . if you want to do this , simply select " display on ground " instead of " wear " . custom patterns : if you wish to make a custom pattern ( your own design ) and make it from scratch , you need to talk to mabel and she will ask if you want to make a pro design or save a design . simply click " make a pro design " . it is at this stage she prompts you to choose whether you want to make a shirt ( prompts for further details such as sleeve length ) , a dress or a hat ( which can also be used as an umbrella ) . it costs 500 bells to make a design and the pattern must replace one of the existing 10 default patterns , much like previous animal crossing games . you can then decide to display them in the shop or wear them . to wear them , simply select the pattern ( assuming you made a pro design ) from your pockets and select wear . if it is a pro design or a hat/umbrella , it will prompt accordingly . foreign patterns other third-party designs or patterns other players have made can be obtained by using the qr machine . this machine allows a player to scan a qr code with the 3ds camera which then asks if you wish to overwrite one of your patterns with the newly found qr pattern . you get to preview the pattern first which is handy . the machine appears in the shop 7-10 days after you first speak to sable , but you must speak with her once a day , every day until it appears . you can also save your designs and export/share them by creating your own qr codes using this machine . extra info : further details about ables and patterns can be found here . a great resource for popular qr designs can be found here .
this will not be specific to bf3 , but i feel like it is good general advice for this class of problem . i spent months trying to figure out something similar for tf2 , and i had a whole team of really smart people advising me , along with a really powerful scripting engine that could mold the game in whatever way i chose . i spent weeks going over gameplay statistics and soliciting opinions from the clan 's members . i incorporated just about every idea , thought , data point , and everything else in at least a dozen different iterations of scripts . i tried random rebalancing , skill-based rebalancing , different weights , different times of the game . . . they all failed . what i eventually learned was the following : some people play to win . they are going to get angry and quit if they lose repeatedly . some people play to hang out with friends . they are going to get angry and quit if you move their teams around on them . you can not please both groups of people at the same time . good people who play together and coordinate are going to steamroll . if you break them up , they will either start losing ( which angers the first group ) or not be able to play with their friends ( which angers the second group ) . if admins are going in and mucking about , they will be the target of this anger more often than not . if your concern is keeping the server full , make it social . people stick around when there is community , when frequently you are playing with and against interesting people . try to make friends with another clan and invite them to play when you guys play . then you can round out the teams with random players . that will help balance the teams while still letting people play with their friends . plus , crushing non-organized players can get boring after a while . finally , consider if you are willing to break up your squads to different teams in the interests of keeping the game balanced and fun for more people . in our organization , it was pretty much a requirement that if the other team was quitting , and there was a leader on the " winning " team , he or she had to switch teams . it was part of the responsibility of being a leader to ensure the livelihood of the server .
ambush is in act 1 scene 2 . i believe it to be the 5th section source : http://guides.gamepressure.com/tomclancysrainbowsixvegas2/guide.asp?id=4544 ( right hand side )
you do have 100 health , only the exact number is not shown on the hud . continuous damage will kill you , but your health fully regenerates very quickly when you are not damaged for a bit . you can observe this in portal 1 by giving yourself the hev suit ( console command give item_suit , needs sv_cheats to be enabled ) , which causes your health to be visible . in portal 2 , issuing ent_dump player after being shot at by a turret displayed the following , so it is pretty safe to assume that it works the exact same way as in 1: ] ent_dump player [...] max_health: 100 health: 10 [...] 
first of all , according to your comments , you are not willing to buy it . the backpack expander is a ungiftable and uncraftable . it is only available through purchase or trade . the only possible way to get the backpack expander is through trade . i am afraid you will likely have to purchase one through the steam wallet . there is hope ! ! you may be able to find something one of the trading sites of team fortress 2: dispenser warehouse backpack source : tf2 wiki
the short explanation is that you stay in shadow form 95% of the time , throw dots on everything , then sit back and watch the enemy 's face melt . remember that you can still cast discipline spells , namely power word : shield . the only reason to leave shadow form is to cast an emergency heal ( or three , since they are going to be pretty wimpy as a shadow priest ) . dots you learn three main damage-over-time spells , which are pretty self-explanatory : shadow word : pain devouring plague vampiric touch if the enemy 's face is not melting fast enough for you , you can use mind flay or mind blast to speed things up . once its health drops below 25% , finish it off with shadow word : death . you should be able to easily juggle multiple enemies at a time by casting dots on everything , then using psychic scream ( or dispersion ) to keep them off you until they die . for me , this worked all the way through to level 80 where mobs started to get beefier . mana shadow priests get a lot of mana replenishment abilities . you will definitely want to use glyph of spirit tap , which replenishes mana when you kill an enemy using shadow word : death , and masochism / glyph of shadow word : death which replenishes mana when you do not kill an enemy using shadow word : death . eventually you will learn shadowfiend , a temporary pet that gives you mana when it attacks , and dispersion , which replenishes a bunch of mana and prevents 90% of damage for a few seconds . mind spike once you hit level 81 you will learn mind spike . along with the mind melt talent , this gives you an alternate way to open combat : instead of applying dots , you can cast mind spike twice then follow up with an instant-cast , guaranteed-critical mind blast which ( with paralysis ) stuns the target for 4 seconds . if the mob is not already below 25% health after that assault , you can just throw out another spike or a mind flay before finishing it off with shadow word : death .
no , you can not kick people while in the game , you can only kick in the lobby . there is really nothing you can do to prevent players from doing something stupid or going afk in the game except to only play private games .
it seems that you need to be at the third rank of the reputation to be able to convince din korlak to send his fleet to save the volus ' one . this will cause turian sixth fleet to suffer -10 points , but you will get voolus bombing fleet which value is 75 points . unless you zaed is alive , where there will be no penalty . source : list of maximizing war assets thread on bioware forum
you need to crouch jump to reach the ledge from the tires . i believe transall was not referring to this area when he mentioned the ramp , as there are no container boxes on which you can stand here — you can only stand on the ones around the central control point .
the achievements guide at xbox360achievements . org shows only 3 that require dlc : all cousins ( 80 g ) all presents ( 80 g ) astronomic katamari ( 90 g ) note that these are the only three achievements that say " download stages . . . " in their description , and they add up to the 250 that is standard for dlc .
i encountered this bug recently as well , and in fact you do not need to complete the quest without saving ( and good thing too , i was pretty underlevelled for it ) . all you need to do is make your way outside and save there . this seems to clear out whatever it is that was causing the game to crash , and allows you to complete the quest with quicksaves : immediately after the dreamstride , pull the soul gem that is powering the barrier out of the sconce its in . this takes down the barrier to the previous part of the temple . the npc priest of mara comes through the now clear corridor and blathers at you for a little bit about how amazing you are . run past him , up the stairs and out of the temple to skyrim proper . save your game while standing outside of the temple - can be a quicksave or a full save , does not matter . go back inside the temple and complete the quest . you will be able to save .
it is not a multiplayer game . they focused only on a single player for now . they are currently working on a mmo which will be based on the same engine . more details on the wikipedia page : max schaefer , runic games ceo and former mythos executive producer , explained the reasoning behind releasing both a single player game and an mmo . the single player game is intended to introduce the torchlight game world to the public ahead of the mmo . further , it would allow the team to get a released game under their belts sooner than if they had immediately started on the mmo . also , while the torchlight mmo will be a separate game , it will share the same action rpg gameplay and some of the art assets developed for the single player game . the mmo will feature some different game mechanics and a wider variety of environments , including a shared " over-world . " runic has entered into a partnership with chinese online game developer and operator perfect world co . , ltd . to publish the mmo worldwide . because the mmo is planned to be free-to-play , it can be seen as a " free mmo upgrade " to the single-player torchlight game . for the persons interested , even more details in an interview given to gamasutra .
yes , it does help . i have personal experience with it , but no links to ' official ' words on it . the basis is that i wear heavy armor and sneak only on occasion , and noticed once i switched to the steed , i was able to keep the ' running sneak ' active around enemies much longer . my sneak skill is low 20s , and had not increased before i noticed . i do not sneak much , so when i do on that character i really notice the difference ( i was actually removing all armor to try and sneak on him before getting the steed stone ) . as a side note , remember that weight is not the only thing that relates to sneaking . i have no perks on this character before or after steed to assist with sneaking . but there are several available , as well as spells/potions .
there are two major factors in determining how effective cc is . the first is mob type . rares and champion packs tend to resist the magnitude of cc effects - this is even explicitly stated on blinding flash 's tooltip ( elites get a chance to miss , rather than being blinded ) . likewise , bosses are also highly resistant to cc . diablo , for instance , can basically ignore the snare from a wizard 's blizzard . the other factor is difficulty - cc effects last less long on higher difficulties . at hell and inferno , stuns , knockbacks , and the like sometimes simply fail to occur in the first place . so to answer your posed scenario - sure , 4 monks could permanently cc a group of normal mobs - but a group of mobs in normal difficulty are not something you had need to permanently cc in the first place .
it affects only the level requirement of the item its on , and its already factored in when you hover over the item . so if you see a level 45 weapon with -15 level requirements , its actually originally a level 60 weapon .
yes , you can ! to do so , you need to " infuse " the ring via the mystic forge , a process which will provide the ring an inherent +5 agony resistance ( which means you can slot an infusion for a grand total of +10 ) . the recipe is : the ring to upgrade 1 shard of crystallized mists essence 3 glob of coagulated mists essence 5 vial of condensed mists essence alternatively , the wiki mentions that pre-infused rings can drop starting in tier 3 ( 20+ ) daily reward chests . currently , the maximum agony resistance is 45 , 10 each from an ascended back and ring ( x2 ) , and 5 each from ascended accessories and from an ascended amulet . ( these can not yet be infused )
you will be fine . you found a bug in the quest scripting , is all . the intended behaviour is that you have to disrupt/aggro and fight the enthralled wizards , which then releases morokei , but there is nothing in the quest or rest of the game that relies on actually killing them . the rest of the quest triggers off of killing morokei and getting the staff . though , you did miss a pretty sweet boss fight .
it is rather easy ; hold down the throw button ( default right-mouse on pc ) before throwing it . dishonored provides you a neat little ui indicator telling you how long you have until it blows . hold it as long as you need , then throw . do make sure to leave enough time for the grenade to get where it is going .
in no particular order : ability to form t-spin opportunities between ( or instead of ) tetrises ; this will let you keep a back-to-back chain going if need be remembering that you are in it to win it , not score big , so keep your stack at a maintainable level , usually below half the screen focus not only on finding great plays , but using garbage to your advantage ; it is remarkably easy to turn a row of trash into a t-spin double opportunity keep your stack even and know when to go into emergency clearing mode . avoid sharp towers like the plague because the banana peels will ruin your day . number 1 is important because if you can t-spin fast , you can completely ignore tetrises for garbage-sending . it also helps for #3 when you need to clean up garbage ; it is an easy way to get something back . two is important because a t-spin triple or tetris back-to-back will send you up six or so rows , which can easily screw you over if you are already high up . other than that , just be fast and do not lose your cool .
chains occur by killing multiple monsters of the same type . you start a chain of 1 once you kill a second monster of the same type . this causes you to get more experience with every such kill . the same type means the same color and kind - blue slimes are different from green slimes , but both kinds of red mushrooms will chain , for example . for example , suppose you run into a room and there are four blue slimes and three blue eyebats . you could kill them in any order , but if you kill all of the slimes first then all of the eyebats ( or vice versa ) , you will get more experience due to chaining . chaining does not time out , but it will reset whenever you kill a new kind of creature . in general , unless you have got adjacent rooms with the same creature type , you mostly want to ensure chaining within each room segment and not go out of your way to chain . you will get more than enough experience in this fashion . there are some exceptions to enemy chaining . these exceptions all are treated as the same as one other kind of enemy , but they cannot increment the chain count . they will cancel any chain that is not of their kind . note that while killing them can never increment your chain count for that enemy type , it will count as the first kill towards starting a chain . as such , you will want to kill one of these non-chaining enemies before killing the real enemies in order to maximize your chain potential , leaving the remaining to take advantage of your maxed chain . from the very beginning , one of the chest traps generates a ring of 8 blue slimes that spiral in and out . unlike the traps which simply spawn four normal blue slimes , this ring does not chain . starting in later dungeons , a lone rock-throwing gnoll may spawn as a line of 4 gnolls . only the original gnoll chains - the extra 3 gnolls do not chain . starting in later dungeons , certain kinds of ropers will summon a roper of the same color to appear in a room behind you . these summoned ropers do not chain .
you should try taking the hive down with the slingshot before engaging the rope and running like mad because the bees are going to go after you anyway . you will have a clear path to cross the rope after that . apparently , you can also walk calmly and the bees will lose interest fairly quickly .
tweakmb is a tool that allows you to mod your game . it does many things , which includes increasing or decreasing the battle map size .
i tend to play assassin-type characters often , so i can try to give some general advice while attempting to answer your questions . first , there is no such thing as an instant-death enchantment . you can deal massive damage , which might be very similar , but there is always a chance that you will run across something you can not kill with just one hit . that said , there is a number of things you can do to increase those chances to near 100% . in morrowind , i would suggest enchanting your bow with drain health + weakness to magicka as much as you can afford to . this is a potent combo that can significantly reduce enemy health , and drain health is a particularly cheap enchantment if it only lasts for a second ( which is optimal in this case ) . there is also a completely unpatched exploit that allows for infinitely powerful potions to be created . with this you can be effectively godlike , which means you can kill anything in one hit , regardless of sneak state . it is kind of cheesy , though . in oblivion , you can do something similar with drain health , although i tend to prefer using an elemental damage to go with it instead of the magicka weakness . there is a couple of suggestions on this uesp page for bow enchantments as well . if you do not mind a bit of save scumming , you can pretty easily walk away from a few oblivion gates with sigil stones capable of enchanting a set of armor with 100% chameleon - this makes you effectively invisible , and all attacks are sneak attacks . ( for bonus points , go piss off a guard and watch him run in circles trying to find you . . . ) in skyrim , there is not really a terribly overpowered enchanting combo , in my experience . however , you can get some massive damage multipliers for daggers , if you are willing to get in close . also , with enough sneak you can hit enemies with arrows , not get a complete kill , but yet not get detected . finally , there are many abilities and various alchemy recipes that yield a state of invisibility that keeps your sneak attacks flowing .
most likely blacksmithing ( since you can use epic gems and get +100 intellect instead of +80 from other professions ) and tailoring ( for the on proc intellect or spirit cloak enchant ) . if you did not want to go with tailoring then likely the next choice would be jewelcrafting , as you can get +81 of a stat out of using jewelcrafting gems , rather than +80 from the other professions . keep in mind however , with mists of pandaria coming out before the end of the year this will soon change .
no before the cure for madness cicero is unkillable , as he is been designated as essential npc .
brian sommer was indeed the old announcer voice , but i can not find who the new announcer is . however there is a relatively exhaustive list on the league of legends forums that includes many of the voice actors for the champions , as well as including interviews with voice actors .
as thane , you will have a housecarl appointed who can act as your companion . additionally , the guards can be convinced to overlook a variety of crimes if reminded of your station . you will also be given a pretty decent levelled magic weapon on being named thane .
you can find this information here - how tent storage works in dayz - scare bears clan . this answer is current as of version 1.7.2.3 ok so rule 1: in a tent every item counts as 1 slot . that means your m4a1 is 1 slot , a tire is 1 slot , a jerrycan is 1 slot , anything and everything is 1 slot when inside a tent . storage is broken down into 3 different categories , each one has it’s own amount of storage space . weapons and tools ( including nv goggles , binoculars , and side arms ) – 10 slots backpacks – 5 slots items – 50 slots so an example of a full tent would be : 5 akm’s , 2 binoculars , 2 m1911 pistols , 1 nv goggles . = 10 slots 5 alice packs . = 5 slots 10 tires , 5 jerrycans , 20 bloodbags , 5 stanag ammo , 10 raw meat . = 50 slots . so as you can see it doesn’t matter how many slots the item would take in your inventory , it only counts as 1 slot within the tent . if you attempt to place items into a full tent one of two things can happen . the item can drop on the floor near the tent or the item could disappear . so take care when placing items in the tent . my personal theory on items disappearing after placing in a full tent is — the items are placed under the tent or perhaps under the ground if your tent is on a hill .
the 2 second settle time actually is accurate for deployed mode for marksman riffles . with the benefit of higher accuracy . also , full settle time for any weapon is not required unless you have been on the move for 5 seconds . this works linearly , so if you have been on the move for 1 second , you will only require 1/5th of the settle time , for 2 seconds , 2//5ths etc .
it changes the ability it produces . 0 star : repair ( every 5 kills ) 1 star : smoke screen ( every 6 kills ) 2 star : decoy ( every 7 kills ) 3 star : air strike ( every 8 kills ) it is so cheep so you can simply choose which you want . note that the better abilities require more kills to produce
on insanity mode the ai actually seems stupider , and does not have much sense of self-preservation , though i would not call them actively suicidal . the ai will simply sit on an active grenade and let themselves die , they will ignore an enemy bum-rushing our cover . they do not seem to get that they are about to die . the ai also largely ignores their own powers ; i often have to manually order my squad to use powers on roit shield targets , which they often happily ignore . however , they are not suicidal in that they will not actively attempt to bum rush enemies and get themselves killed , but they seem very content to sit still and not use many powers or bullets . yes , micromanaging is often necessary to keep them alive , and yes , they are going to spend a lot of time " dead " if you do not play a very good game on insanity . but if you take charge in the battle and leave them behind they generally will not go out of their way to get killed .
you can only apply a poison to an equipped weapon : it'll tell you that if you try to use it without having a weapon equipped . and you can only apply poison to one of your weapons : if you try to re-apply a poison after applying it to one weapon , it'll say you can not do it . however if you un-equip the weapon in your right hand and equip the weapon that is in your left hand to the right you can then poison it and then equip both weapons with poison . you can , in fact , poison bows . just make sure to equip it before applying the poison . this affects the first arrow shot through the bow : after one shot , the poison on the bow goes away . as a corollary to this , you can not poison arrows : skyrim will complain that you do not have a weapon equipped if you try to use a poison with just arrows equipped . and as beatme notes , with the poisoned perk , you can reverse pickpocket marks to poison them stealthily . as long as the pickpocket is successful , this does not aggro the mark ; in many cases , it'll outright kill them .
in general , all of the short-duration , uncontrollable summons/commands are incredibly useful precisely because they are on-demand meat shields : having the enemy attack something else while you finish them off is pretty useful , particularly if you and your followers are not cutting it . strength in numbers and all that . but command animal is particularly effective for two reasons : it affects nearly every animal in the game , and boy there are a lot of animals . you will be hard pressed not to find a place outdoors where you can not use it . when fighting a group of animals , it takes one of them out of the picture in addition to helping you attack the rest . so if it is 3 vs . 1 against you , commanding an animal makes it a fair fight . it is a decent substitute for the animal allegiance shout , so if you were planning on using it , it frees up your shout slot for something else . playing around with summons might not be your play-style : even conjuration is not for everyone . but if you are looking for a way to manipulate fights to your advantage instead of sneaking around or straight up attacking , command animal is a great racial ability .
i am not a professional pantheon player but here is what i have found : first off you got it right by coordinating with your teammates cc , and getting rid of all of their escape is typically good ( unlessy you are talking about abilities in which case they just have to wait a few seconds and do it again ) it usually works better when the teams are engaged too because then you give your opponent the tough choice of either finishing the engage but taking damage from your ult and facing a pantheon , or running away and taking free damage as they run . another one is locking them in , which requires teammates that can take them on if they would rather avoid your ult than run through it . example would be a low health mid laner and your mid lane is chasing , jumping in front of the path that the opponent is running will cut them off leaving them to either run back and die or die to you . i am asuming that when you used it to chase someone who is escaping and failed it was primarily because you were in a 1v1 scenario , but even if your damage does not go off forcing your opponent to make tough decisions like those are what really makes the difference . if the target has a way to get out without any penalty do not use it , simple as that . also typically you want to be away from a team fight when you use ult so that it does not get canceled . even if the enemy team did not have any way of canceling your ult , you may be better off saving it and doing even more damage with your other abilities and auto attacking : remember pantheons ult takes time , and time is damage . id say another trick understanding his ult is typically you are not trying to get kills with it alone . yes there are times where there are close team fights and a pantheon ult will kill one or two of them , but those are the obvious ones , most of the time you will be coordinating it with teammates to take down a few escaping opponents or protect your dying teammates from a losing team fight byt intimidating them . do not dive teams , and do not dive turrets ( often ) , try to focus on " does this help your team get more damage off to win a fight and/or get an objective " rather than " will i get a kill or will i die " . hope this was the answer you were looking for ! p.s. another step ahead of this would be to ask is panths ult even really useful ? as i have explained most of the time you give your opponent the choice in most senarios . granted this sometimes leaves them with a lose lose choice but if they have the choice then they have the opportunity to gain an advantage if they make the right choice . it is all about thinking ahead and making sure that does not happen and not wasting your ult unless you know for certain it will work for the benefit of the team .
yes . some puzzles require interactions in or knowledge from other rooms first . some require beating the game once ( to get a new feature in new game+ mode ) . some require checking the internet since there are no in-game clues .
you will receive celebi the second time you run the pokebank . the steps i took were : ran the pokebank for the first time , agreed to the terms and free trial chose a gift option ( choice between battle points and pokemiles ) transferred some pokémon to the bank went and claimed the battle points from the pokemon start menu ' link gift ' option ( screenshot below ) loaded and saved the game quit and went back into the pokebank received celebi i am not sure if you need to transfer pokemon or simply close and reopen the pokebank in order to receive celebi according to a few different reports you do not need to transfer pokemon at all , just close and reopen the pokebank - but those are the steps i took . pokemon link option on the main menu :
ok so rebooting windows did the trick . that being , i have no idea how or why it suddenly stopped to work , nor why rebooting windows fixed the issue .
did some testing after you asked this . the tests went as followed : method : i went outside of new tristram and used the hex ability ( unruned ) against the zombies there . i unequipped and reequipped int and attack speed items , as well as my weapon to test if there were any changes in duration or rate . findings : in a group of enemies the fetish shaman will : hex 4 targets over his 12 seconds active not hex targets already hexed hex targets while other targets are still hexed ( other targets will remain hexed for the full duration as well ) . with a single target the fetish shaman will : hex the 1 target 2 or 3 times over his 12 seconds active . will only hex the target if the target is no longer hexed . running several tests with a stopwatch on my android i found that : the single target was hexed for around 5.5 seconds . the fetish shaman will hex a random target in a group of mobs around every 3 seconds . additionally , changing my stats around ( adding attack speed and int , and changing my weapon ) appeared to have no effect on how long the fetish shaman is active or the duration the target is hexed . given these tests , i believe that there is no way to increase how long the fetish shaman is active and how often he turns an enemy into a chicken , and that there is no way to increase the duration of the chicken effect . i would also like to note that there can be a short delay between the fetish shaman spawning , and then using the polymorph ability . which is why he may only hex a single target 2 times instead of 3 . 5.5s * 2 = 11 , so if the fetish shaman takes a second to cast on spawn he will miss the chance to polymorph the target a third time before he despawns .
here is a complete transcript of the manual in . txt format . here is the manual addendum in . pdf format .
there are nine treasure maps , found in treasure chests . they show hidden routes and solutions , usually for anticubes . use first four together towards the skull artifact puzzle ( video ) . use the next three to find hidden platforms . the map with the polytron logo is used in the candle room . the blank map has a qr code on the reverse side ( translates to rt rt rt lt rt rt rt lt ) .
magikarp should evolve at level 20 . possible reasons why yours did not : it is holding an everstone you pressed b accidentally and stopped its evolution there is a bug in pokemmo try taking the item from it ( does pokemmo have items ? ) and levelling it up again . if that fails , report it as a bug on the pokemmo forums .
the point of building the sensor tower is to sense enemy positions in fog-of-war , and highlight them in the main view and on the minimap . this allows a defending player to cover multiple potential attack routes and , when an attack is spotted , rally their forces and ready their defenses to respond to the incoming attack . it also serves to cover " unexpected " attack routes , such as air or a medivac drop coming from behind your mineral line . ( more of a pretty image than an effective use of a sensor tower . ) in most matchups , the enemy will already know where you are ( eg on a 1v1 map ) , or can find out with little effort by sending an expendable unit around the map - so the outline only betrays the fact that you have spent 100 gas on a building , and that you have got an engineering bay . that is all . the sensor tower 's outline on the minimap shows up to enemies primarily to inform them that if their units go inside this area , they will be highlighted . the enemy can use this information to either avoid entering the sensor tower 's area until the last second before an attack , or to deliberately " show " forces to the defending player to scare them from attacking , and allow expansion . if nothing else , the sensor tower can act as a deterrent from surprise attacks and harassment , because the enemy knows that you will know they are coming . players tend to stack up their units just outside of sensor tower range without even thinking about it , and a comsat scan just outside can reveal the composition of the enemy army . looking at the movement pattern of the red dots can also give away the composition of the enemy army , if you are familiar with how the units move , and at what speeds ; a flock of mutalisks will fly in a very close formation and spread out quickly when stopped , while a bunch of reapers stop at every ledge for a moment as they jump . perhaps the most effective use of the sensor tower would be in deterring void ray / mutalisk / reaper sneak attacks ; seeing a few units move towards your buildings over impassable terrain gives the game away , and allows you to have marines in position long before the voids are there to ruin your day . another effective use is grabbing a sensor tower and some vikings , and putting the hard word on some nearby lurking overlords , robbing your enemy of precious vision and supply . if you want to read a bunch of people talking about the benefits and drawbacks of the sensor tower , read the sensor tower thread on the teamliquid forums .
i see no reason why you can not have a friend login in your old account and meet him somewhere where non-members have acesss to and trade the item there . as long as , of course , the item in question is not a members only item , then your non-member character can not do anything with it . this was of course like 10 years ago that i played runescape so a lot may have changed .
try to backup memory . xml in stonesence folder and replace its content with http://pastebin.com/8kg1ankb
breaking flaming lasso requires either batrider or the victim to travel at a speed faster than 500 unit per 0.05 sec . the distance does not matter as long as you break that speed limit . exemple : if you use lasso one someone and the vengeful spirit next to him uses nether swap on him , the lasso will break since swap is a pseudo blink and thus the swapped unit gets a really fast travel speed same would apply with relocate ( wisp ) , glimpse ( disruptor ) , recall ( keeper of the light ) , test of faith ( chen ) or any ability that would induce a travel time faster than 500 unit in 0.05sec . in a similar fashion , if batrider uses blink dagger , the lasso breaks . forcestaff pushes a unit forward at the speed of 600 unit in 0.4 sec which is way too slow compared to the speed required to break lasso ( 500units/0.05sec ) . so by forcestaffing , batrider should never break its lasso . as for your second interrogation , the damage of firefly is dealt per second ( at max level 80 per second ) . a " tick " of damage is applied every second and to this number is added a bonus for every sticky nappalm stacks on your victim . exemple : if you have 2 level 4 stack you will apply 80 + 2*25 = 130 damage per second with firefly . if you have 3 level 1 stack you will apply 80 + 3*10 = 110 damage per second with firefly .
gosu ( 고수 also coriander ) is a computer gaming term usually used to refer to a person highly skilled in multiplayer games like starcraft , warcraft iii ( rts/rpg - dota ) , diablo ii ( rpg ) , counter-strike ( fps ) and others . it has a korean origin and the term was widely adopted by gaming communities in korean , go su ( hangul : 고수 , hanja : 高手 , literally " high hand " in mandarin ) is used for a person with skill , usually in martial arts or in baduk ( the game of go ) . in the dialect of the gyeongnam province , gosu also has the meaning of " leader " . there are several english backronyms of the korean word , mostly originating in the starcraft community , including " graduate of starcraft university " , " god of starcraft universe " or " god of starcraft units " . source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gosu
steam does not provide such functionality . you need to use a 3rd party tool . one of such websites is astats . once you have found your profile , you will be able to navigate to the page with games completed 100% like in this screenshot .
juicessh is mostly a ssh client , but it also has a telnet option . it is the only telnet client i have found so far that supports color . telnet to nethack.alt.org if you want to play vanilla , and un.nethack.nu if you want to play unnethack . a list of other servers can be found on the wiki .
as jason mentions , four of the entries can be safely ignored , depending on your os . whichever ones will not install are the ones that will not run on your system . the four remaining ones are : civilization 4 , or " vanilla " civ4 civilization 4: warlords , which is the first expansion civilization 4: beyond the sword , which is the second expansion civilization 4: colonization , which is a remake of the original colonization for the civ4 engine unless you hate the things warlords and beyond the sword add , there is really no reason to play the " base game " civ4 . beyond the sword incorporates almost everything in warlords , minus a few scenarios . if you want the " full " civ4 experience , you might as well play that one . i did not like beyond the sword that much though , ( i think it was the tweaks to the tech tree , or maybe espionage ? ) so i tend to prefer playing warlords . colonization is a totally separate game , so it has very little to do with civ4 and its expansions . there is no " dlc " in the civ5 sense - during the civ4 era , the game got expansions but no standalone dlc .
a flaccid grab is when you are at the opposing team 's base , and their flag is available to capture . you see the opponent 's flag carrier coming , ready to capture . you grab the opponent 's flag and make your way back to your own base . this is a bad idea , because if you are popped on the way to your base , the opponent gets a free capture . instead , you should try to pop the enemy fc before capturing the flag yourself .
http://blog.gib.me/category/games/borderlands-2/ use at your own risk . rick makes great stuff and addresses the malware detection openly , so i trust it . how to : hit the download link . extract anywhere you want . run gibbed . borderlands2 . saveedit . exe . open ( shortcut ctrl+o ) . navigate to c:\users [ your user account ] \documents\my games\borderlands 2\willowgame\savedata\7656119 [ your steam id ] . open the . sav that is the character that has the item you wish to store . select backpack tab . select item to store . copy code ( shortcut ctrl+c or right-click and select option ) . store code in your desired textual format . to give it to a character , put the code in your clipboard ( copy it ) ( it is ok if there are spaces and/or newline s before and/or after it ) , then select the paste code option ( in the backpack tab ) .
intel has a guide to solve this problem on their homepage . according to this you need to perform the following steps : update your video driver . check with your computer/graphics card manufacture for the latest driver . set your graphics video hardware acceleration in the middle between full and none . confirm your driver supports opengl* 1.3+ . opengl* 1.3+ is required to run angry birds . if you are sure you have the newest driver , try the second steop and set the hardware acceleration to a lower level .
after doing some digging : http://www.xbox360achievements.org/forum/showthread.php?t=386051 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/615803-/63954526 it turns out the glitch is caused by completing the Dark Brotherhood quest - Kill Helvard . apparently , the Jarl of Falkreath knows you killed helvard ( even if you are sneaky about it ) . in fact , i killed helvard when he was taking a nap , so helvard certainly did not see it coming . anyway , after killing the jarl 's housecarl , siddgeir 's disposition is lowered significantly . since i am already thane in falkreath , there is no way to raise his disposition , unless i was playing the game on pc . however , i fortunately found a solution ! if you have not completed any of the legion/stormcloak quests , then make sure to do the following : side with the stormcloaks so Dengeir replaces Siddgeir as jarl . talk with jarl dengeir ( he will ask you to become thane again ) talk with Tekla , the newly appointed steward , and she will give you the option to buy land i really hope this helps someone in the future !
first lets take a look at a comparison between annie , and a tankier character with similiar abilities . ( leona ) annie Base Health at level 18: 1752 Base Armor at level 18: 84.5 Base MR at level 18: 30 Base damage at level 18: 96.25  leona Base Health at level 18: 1996 Base Armor at level 18: 73.8 Base MR at level 18: 52.5 Base damage at level 18: 109  so by straight base numbers , although annie does have more armor then leona by level 18 leona has a much more balanced scale ending with more health and mr . leona will have more armor than annie until about level 10 which puts her at a good early game situation to be there for her carries and take more damage early game . in terms of item choices it tends to be easier to find items that fit the bill that buff armor and other aspects of your character than find items that buff mr . in late game so her armor deficit vs annie will be less crippling by then . utility : leona has multiple stuns ( all of her spells but shield ) that can be used on a whim with no waiting for a passive cd/number . her lance is great for iniation because it puts her right in the heart of the battle from brush or straight on . also , her passive can stack a giant enemy crabs level of damage onto opponents . so i would say overall leona adds a more dynamic aspect to a team giving them great cc and bonus damage output . example : her lance , shield , ultimate combo basically ensures a wonderful initiation to any team comp . keep in mind that sunlight is consumed by many skills . example : if leona used her lance and timed the shield well then a teammate ( ashe for example ) vollied and consumed all of those markers then her ult goes off resetting them for ashe to volley again consuming those as well . sustainability : her eclipse grants her +70 armor and magic resist which if used properly lasts for 6 seconds . on a 14 second cd that leaves her with 8 seconds of downtime between uses . so slightly more time down than up , but the benifit is great combined with the sunlight it applies to all enemies . not to mention as said before her base stats overal favor her in the long haul with mr and health and they also favor her a good portion of the begging and midgame in armor due to scaling . overall : i would not say that annie is nesesarily a bad choice for a tank , you prove some good points . however , i do feel in a realistic scenario a champion more suited to tank like leona will really bring more to the table for the team overall .
first , initial rush survival spinecrawlers and properly microed speedlings and roaches can really help in pushing back this initial rush . force the ai to funnel up the ramp and place the spinecrawlers behind gas and/or an evo chamber . if you scout it early , set your speedlings outside your base so when they attack you get an easy flank . use multiple queens with transfusion to keep everything going . remember you can use them even on your spinecrawlers . in regards to what t3 units complement a hydra-heavy build ? i think there is a fair amount of discussion about this but i personally find a lot of use with broodlords . a tier 3 unit , which is very powerful at wiping a ground army . i prefer to use them in team games as well . excellent base assualt as well as support . edit : in a recent match between idra and drewbie ( ? ) , idra tech switched from ultra to broodlord and ended up finishing the matched . had he switched earlier , it is speculated that he would have much sooner . more power to the broodies !
from my experience , 3 military is good enough for average defense , it allows you to hold out till you can reinforce . but for your style of play , perhaps 5-10 would be better , you do not want to many as it causes slow down in tech etc . . . , but then you do not want to get crushed . you should have more on the outer cities and reinforce from your inner ones , i try to always have 3 minimum in all cities , but does not always work , then any bigger cities up it to 4-5 . if you notice your enemies normally attack you with massive stacks , the only way to counter those are with a large stack yourself . have 1 large stack that walks between cities and does the attacking , then leave 3 units in all your cities for normal defense , remember if you suddenly get attacked at a choke point ( hopefully you have one ) you can always reinforce from your other cities , knocking them down to 1-2 stuff like that .
i found party composition to be a major major issue with fighting cid . i tried it at first with hope , vanille and lightning and cid mopped the floor with me . i tried again with lighting , fang and sazh and had much better luck . standard assault paradigm with com/rav/rav , but be sure to have a medical paradigm to heal , and be sure to make use of fang 's saboteur skills and sazh 's synergist skills . those alone should make the fight super easy . i beat him in like ( seriously ) less than 7 minutes . suggested paradigms are : l-lightning , f-fang , s-sazh l-rav f-com s-rav :: l-med f-sab s-syn :: l-med f-sen s-syn those three are paramount , everything else is gravy . if you have given sazh any medic skills a fourth paradigm with l and s as medics and f as a sentinel would be helpful for those oh * * ! moments .
you have to start a new game . developer notes : three years , 7 month and 18 days after the release of gothic 3 , the community patch team released the definitly last version of the community patch for the game . again this patch contains several improvements , which can be looked up in the change log . savegames made with patch version 1.7x are compatible with the cp 1.74 . older savegames ( 1.60 or earlier ) are not compatible . please take a look at the download description for more information .
all slim models are identical . only the hdd capacity will vary . you can have the list of models here .
so you do not want to build colossus . . . how do you feel about 4 gating ? because you could just 4 gate all-in your way to masters . actually judging by the latest ogsmc vs white-ra , you could just 4 gate your way through the gsl this question comes from a very weird place : " i dislike playing colossi . " playing a lot of protoss myself this is a very strange statement , since i love playing colossi . they are fun to micro , they wipe out ridiculous 4 gate/3 rax play , and they make most zergs look like idiots . but then i read a little further in to your answer and i see this : " game into [ a certain ] meta-game " so you do not dislike playing them , you dislike having to baby sit them . i can empathize with that . i also dislike having to babysit my expensive high tier units . i think the problem here is not that you are building colossus its when you are building colossus . i am going to guess your bo looks something like : 3 gate pressure expand add on a robo and more gateways colossus this is a very common bo for many protoss : 3 gate expand into colossus . but it is not the only one . you could , for example do 3 gate expand into blink stalkers , or dt , or double starport . there are a verity of builds that can come out of a standard 3 gate expand ( or even the more risky 1 gate expand ) . so let 's talk about those , and how you can use those . lately i have been watching adelscott ( vs immvp , or qxc ) and he runs a very aggressive 3 gate expand into . . . more gateways . this seems kind of weird at first , as most protoss naturally evolve from there into colossus , but actually protoss gateway units can be fairly beefy in their own right . one of the keys to this long term , gateway based play , is upgrades . its not usual for a player like adelscott ( or liquid`nony ) to go double forge off two base to get as many upgrades as possible . this usually sticks them in a situation where they are up 2/0/2 to an opponents 1/0 or 1/1 . one of the big benefits of having an upgrade advantage is that zealots become extremely powerful when you have that advantage . i have seen pure zealot forces eat through marine/marauder balls , just because they were up 2 armor upgrades . the other key item for your gateway forces is the twilight council . i remember when liquid`nazgaul first demonstrated how abusive blink stalkers could be against egidra in a show match . blink stalkers are an extremely powerful force , and most players will now work them into whatever build they are going . what many people forget though , is that charge is just as powerful an upgrade . in addition to functioning as a gap closer ( and a free hit since patch 1.3 ) , charge is also a speed boost to normal zealot movement ( from 2.25-> 2.75 a 22% increase ) . this makes zealots a viable harassment option for unguarded expansions . while often dismissed , you can see how transitioning into 10 gateways off 3 base can make a very fearsome force , but that is not all it allows you to do . with the high number of gateways now , you can start supplementing your armies with dt . a very aggressive unit , dark templar can be used for mid-game harassment just as well as banshees . a simple pylon near your opponent 's cliff + observer means you can start warping in dt to their back door . speaking of observers ( which by the time you get 3 bases you should get a robo ) , do you know what else builds out of the robotics facility ( and is awesome ) ? dropships ! that is right , that old unit which was life changing back in broodwars because you could drop 4 zealots on someone 's mineral line . well , its still around . only they upgraded it and changed its name to warp prism ; but who cares about that , they also let you warp in reinforcements ! its like they took a bw unit , made it a billion times better , and everyone ignored it . what is up with that ? well ignore them , drop stuff . you know how dropships make terran annoying as sin ? well start dropping back on them . see how they like it , and when they do not make sure to take the time to lolz . and sure , when you hit late game you can always throw down a few colossus for old times sake , but chances are you will not get there because you will be too busy winning . ps , you can also go stargates , get 1 voidray , then 4-5 phoenix , and annoy the heck out of people , dominate the air , so when you finally transition colossus , his corruptors/vikings will be outnumbered . just a thought . . .
the turn length is a function of base timer maximum number of units owned by a single civilization maximum number of cities owned by a single civilization timer ( seconds ) = ( base + city modifier * max cities + unit modifier * max units ) / 4 there is also a multiplier for the first turn . the modifiers for each setting can be found in ...Civilization 4\Assets\XML\GameInfo\CIV4TurnTimerInfo.xml this file does not exist in the expansion directories , so i presume they carry over . summary of modifiers : apparently static is not actually static . source : function getMaxTurnLen() in source code file CvGame.cpp the coefficient of 4 was verified empirically by @marshaul . the only nearby hint of this in the source is a comment stating that turn time provided by user in pitboss mode is in hours while the code actually multiplied it by 3600 * 4 ( 3600 seconds in an hour ) . this probably would also be evident deeper in the engine code .
i can confirm that embarked land units do get an extra two movements under elizabeth 's special ability . i just tested it in two saved games , one with elizabeth and one with augustus . an embarked land unit in the elizabeth saved game had six moves , but augustus ' unit only had four . both had astronomy ( +1 embarked movement , embarked units can move over ocean ) and steam power ( +1 embarked movement ) .
this data is taken directly from the geck .
tanks are required late game if the battlefield has devolved into a static battle around fixed emplacements . it is very difficult for infantry to advance into machine-gun fire , and halftracks/light vehicles get nearly one-shotted by the relevant anti-tank defenses . what you need to do is bring tanks and destroy the enemy emplacements , and try to use indirect fire to suppress/remove enemy at fire . once you have broken a hole in the defenses , you can then flood your infantry into the gap to cover/protect your tank . also , an early panzer iv in rapid-fire mode is absolutely devastating against enemy infantry , even their at stuff . so if you can rush to a tank like that before the enemy gets his at guns in position , you can force an early win .
for those of you who did not see the iem finals they are worth watching . i have moved the recap down below my explanation when faced with an early reaper harass , usually speedlings plus the occasional spine crawler and queen are sufficient . however , mass reapers are a very different story . mass reapers usually have speed upgrade putting them at speedling speed off creep . as a result you need to either get a good surround or engage on creep to win . the natural response to reapers is roaches , but without a speed upgrade or creep , reapers are just too fast . once you have roach speed ( and can use overlords to spread creep as reapers only attack ground ) you can usually shut down this mass reaper play . edit : marrow also suggests throwing down extra queens , which i think is sound advice . though the queens will not help with pursuit , they will help with extra creep , transfuse , and longer range if he makes a solid reaper push . likewise a creep crawler could not hurt , but will not help much as once he has 12 reapers he can almost 1 shot it . what made it so effect vs idra was the follow up with marauders . based on this its important to prepare for the follow up : have lots of creep banelings , as marines do too much damage baneling speed ( a lesson idra learns in game 1 ) since the ideal build for marine/marauder is banelings followed by speedlings ( or hydra ) , as long as you get your baneling nest out and upgrade speed , you should be in good position to deal with this switch and push on to victory . there is a good break down of game 3 by day9 if you want to skip ahead to it . as for the iem finals , allow me to give you some context . marrow ( who originally was not to be part of the iem championship but was brought in after bradok was denied a visa ) , plays a very aggressive 5 tech lab vs idra . idra is well known as a very passive , very good , zerg player who prefers to fight late game battles with a superior macro style . in this context , early harassment is a very good strategy against such a passive player as it denies him his economic advantage . in earlier rounds we saw sarans use harassment effectively vs idra and pushed him to game 5 ( its a best of 5 ) . so its not unlikely that marrow studied those matches when he decided on this build . i want to lay the ground work here so you can see that this was very much designed with idra in mind . the build itself revolves around 5 techlabs to push mass reapers and force idra to build a lot of roaches . ultimately roaches with speed ( or on creep ) beat this early reaper play , but the goal here is not to win with reapers , but rather to force roach production and follow up with a heavy marauder force ( which also require tech lab , so your infrastructure is in place ) . in game 1 , idra adapts to this change and pushes with a heavy baneling/roach/speedling force , and almost wins . its worth noting that as marrow 's eventual strategy is mmm , forcing a large number of roaches gives a very tiny window for victory . what is more , if idra had baneling speed upgrade at the time ( which he was researching ) he would have easily taken out the remaining marines and pushed on to win game 1 . in game 2 , we see the same strategy again , but with very different results . idra gets an early roach speed to shut down reaper play , and then follows up with mutalisks to shut down the marauder push . marrow makes a good last ditch effort with ghosts , but ultimately does not have the force . idra decides this fight with banelings ( speed upgraded now ) . in game 3 , we see a much more confident idra who counters the early reapers with just roach/speedling . he will go on to lose this game much later after a disastrous assault at 12:30 , and ultimately get steam rolled by biomech before he can get more than 2 ultralisks up . as idra strongly believes biomech is imbalanced vs zerg , its not hard to imagine a very defeated idra in game 4 , not playing up to his potential .
so your understanding of sight and line of sight is correct , without any unit up there there is no way he can see or target your stalkers ( even if you attack him , which was not true in sc1 ) , unless he : scans has an air unit in the area moves a unit to the high ground has a xel naga watch tower your units move down a ramp your units are air units looking over the replay he does scan you at 14:08 to attack your stalkers at the high ground . at 12:16 he gains vision of your colossus because it counts as an air unit for purposes of vision .
lane support is also called a babysitter because the hero will basically babysit the ally carry to help him grow faster and without too much danger . being a babysitter means : observer wards close to the lane harassing the enemy ( best done with a ranged support like dazzle ) denying creeps to disable some xp from the enemy not last-hitting any creeps and creating space for your carry to move around without any danger using the pulling techniques for keeping your own creeps next to your towers using the hero-attack technique ( i do not know how it is really called ) , where you have to stay behind your wave of creeps and right click an enemy hero , so that the enemy creeps start attacking you , and they will move inwards to your lane , leaving them exposed for the carry to dispose of them more safely . providing occasional tp 's/healing salves/sentry wards for heroes like broodmother/rikimaru/phantom lancer/bounty hunter , etc the support is usually assisting the whole team , and he is not focused on babysitting even though he might do something similar on the lane . though the support role is encouraged to get some kind of farm to provide certain items ( mekansm , pipe , etc ) that will be necessary to the team , where the babysitter or lane support , focuses on sacrificing a support 's money and early game towards a fast rush to success from the main carry .
the amount of times you will need to use the machine varies a lot . i have received the bag on the first attempt multiple times , but i have also once had to use the machine 32 times before the bag finally appeared . most of the time it is worth it to at least give it a go , as you will generally find it around 8 attempts , which will fully heal the hearts you spent . the only time i do not go for the bag is if i am already low on hearts and i think i am going to need them . also , another note , it is generally worth it to give it at least 2-4 attempts because even if you do not get the bag , you can blow up the machine and possibly get a heart or two . in the wrath of the lamb dlc , the blood bank is definitely a harder choice on whether to use it or not , as now instead of getting the blood bag , you will sometimes get the portable iv bag , which is not so good . now it is best to just use it if there are spare hearts lying around the level that you can pick up , or you need the extra money .
it will be released in the upcoming patch ( 5.1 ) . according to this post .
three paper in a vertical line .
i just accomplished this myself . assuming you have already finished the main story mission for this area , return to the eastern portion of the map and kill the gold golem . afterward you will notice the surrounding molten river will turn a greenish hue . backtrack west to a small dwarven complex ( which you had to pass through to reach the gold golem ) . you will notice a gate leading to the blocked area is now opened . hope this helps .
the dremora markynaz is a level 36 dremora . problem is : dremora are rare in skyrim , and they are levelled . there are some in the shrine of mehrunes dagon and shalidor 's maze . now , due to the respawning mechanics , it is likely that the few areas that do contain dremora are fixed to levels that are way below the required level for a dremora markynaz to spawn ( both are available rather early -- labyrinthian - and by extension the maze - is often an early target , and the shrine belongs to a 20+ daedric quest ) . that said . . . on pc , you can use console commands to spawn markynaz via placeatme &lt;ID&gt; . replace &lt;ID&gt; by the respective id from the dremora list , and there you go . there might also be a way to reset the level of a location via a command ( resetinterior &lt;cellid&gt; looks promising but i can not verify that at this point ) .
turns out it needed more time . after a bit over 5 mins i got the notification about launching app from unknown source and launcher popped . on next launch it started immediately .
yes , its possible to deny heroes , but only under certain circumstances : friendly heroes can only be denied when they are under certain sources of damage over time , such as doombringer 's doom . you cannot deny a hero who is low on health but not taking dot . how is gold assigned to the enemy team : denying a hero will prevent the enemy from gaining any experience or gold from the kill , but your ally will still lose gold from dying . to deny a hero : most heroes can only deny a friendly hero by attacking them manually ( one exception to this is tiny , who can deny any friendly unit using toss as long as they have low enough health ) .
it is not a timer , but a clock ( as you would expect to find at a train station ) . the time does correctly correspond to the night/day cycle , so it can be used to figure out how long you have before night/day .
a properly timed mushroom/boost may get you out of the blast radius .
depending on how well you have prepared , the consequences can vary from irksome to impeding to potentially fatal : without a source of clean water , dwarves are not able to wash themselves . this is irksome at best , as it does not even generate unhappy thoughts not to be able to wash , but you do not get the happy thoughts of having washed recently either . it gets a little more problematic when you have injured dorfs with wounds that need cleaning before suturing up ; infections can be nasty and fatal to a dorf . finally , if you do not already have either a good stockpile of booze laid in or a working production cycle of seed-> plant-> booze-> seeds that is putting out a steady supply of same , dorfs can in fact die of thirst during the winter days if there is not even potable water to fall back on . i highly recommend you make digging your first well a priority , as it spruces up that big main communal dining/meeting room nicely - and eating in a legendary dining room makes for big smiles .
one option is to look for the emergency respirators augment . it is reasonably cheap , and halves the damage your crew take from lack of oxygen , meaning they can last a reasonable amount of time in an oxygen-free environment . you should not be too worried about " playing leapfrog " with your crew , since whenever you send in boarders they are always going to take damage from something ; suffocation is just a different cause . indeed , the fregatidae-class federation cruiser comes with this augment and a teleporter as standard , and i have successfully beamed zoltan aboard oxygen-free ships and brought them back alive . that particular ship , however , is more than slightly insane , so do not be too eager to replicate its strategies . also , following 5pike 's comment , the reconstructive teleport augment can be immensely useful here by completely healing your boarding party every time they beam somewhere , meaning that the usual problem associated with having a clonebay is largely nullified . you could also start looking for some lanius crewmen to add to your boarding party , who will of course be completely immune to the effects of low oxygen . finally , you might want to look into picking up a clonebay . rather than bringing back suffocating boarders , just let them die and clone some more !
according to the wikia 's animal crossing - flower page , there are 3 varieties of carnations , pink carnations can only be obtained on mother 's day ( may 10th ) . red carnations can only be obtained on father 's day ( june 21 ) . white carnations can be grown by placing a red carnation and a pink one to create a hybrid . you can also grow red and pink carnations , but only from existing red and pink carnations . in other words , you cannot grow any pink carnations without at least 2 pink carnations . the same thing is true of red ones . with only red carnations , you will never be able to grow pink ones , and vice versa . your best bet would be to try and find a person who actively grows carnations and borrow some from that person 's town . otherwise , you will have to wait until may 10th before you can get pink carnations .
after a couple hours of testing i can confirm badp 's comment . neither a new forest growing into forest , nor a forest growing into ancient forest , will destroy any bonuses or improvements . ( and it hurt my fps ) to test this i modified a map to have every ( legal ) resource and terrain combo within range of my cities . i then used workers to improve everything and had high priests of leaves cast bloom . after that i saved the game and let it run for a couple hundred turns until every square had become ancient forest . at this point there were no missing bonuses or improvements . i then loaded the saved game and ran it for a couple hundred turns again , but this time i switched to a different religion from the fellowship because only fellowship civs can create certain improvements on top of forests . this had no effect on the results . again , nothing was destroyed . tl ; dr no .
my desktop runs a 1gib 9800gt , and the wei score is given as 6.8 ( for what it is worth ) for gaming and normal graphics . hdd is 5.9 , while the others are all above the gfx rating . i am running civ5 at 1920x1080 , 2xmsaa and everything on high - the frame rate is generally acceptable ( although remember that " acceptable " here is highly subjective ) , although it does take the ai players quite a while to all turn as you move towards then end of a game on a huge map . note that the recommended spec also includes a quad core cpu and 4gb ram , which should also be taken in to consideration if you do purchase a new laptop . in response to comments on badp 's answer : when you tried the demo on your laptop , did you do so with the ac connected / power options appropriated configured ? sorry if this is obvious to you , but some people forget that when not on mains most of the system is tuned down quite a lot to converse battery .
there are several important reasons to consider using the culture slider : happiness do you want your cities to grow larger ? culture adds one happiness to each city for each tick used , by itself . if you have any other buildings that use it , theater ( cheap ! ) , colosseum , broadcast tower , then you get one more/tick . i generally recommend leaving culture on at least one tick after you get the option , the first bit of happiness is very cheap , and uses your buildings to their fullest . cultural border expansion each tick adds some culture to every city , this means your brand new cities ( or pre-owned cities ; ) ) start producing culture immediately , and grow to the important 20 squares within a few turns . if you are not playing a creative leader , this is also a reason i would recommend at least one tick of culture . cultural victory ! if you are headed for this , near the end you will probably be best off turning culture up as high as you can . in short , i recommend : use at least one tick of culture , use the rest to manage happiness .
some labors conflict with each other because of equipment requirements . to my knowledge , only digging , woodcutting and hunting will conflict , because they require a pickaxe , an axe and a crossbow , respectively , so you can only have 1 of these 3 labors enabled for a dwarf at a time .
the first picture is an nei bug . i would try reinstalling nei and the nei plugins to fix that . the ic2 wiki is out of date as well . replace the gold cables with copper cables and you should be set :
eves death causes a -50 hit to the value of the krogan clans .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
from the support document you linked : if you do not see the option to replay memory , this means you are already in a mission or at a point in the story where memory replays are not available you are probably in this state in the game . if you are mid mission you can either finish it or can abandon it by pausing the game and choosing to exit memory in the menu . when you are outside a mission , the dna option should be available in the menu .
test range is an offline component ( as stated here ) so there is no multiplayer support .
the krogan sentinel and solider are considered " rare " items for a reason . their unique krogan abilities are a charging melee and rage . rage is an ability that triggers when the krogan performs 2 successful melee kills within 30 seconds . this grants the krogan increased protection for 30 seconds . this effect can be renewed for each additional melee kill within the next 30 seconds . combining this with tech armor ( sentinel ) or fortification ( solider ) allows the krogan to become a bullet sponge tank . the power cool down penalty has less of an impact on a melee heavy game play strategy . that being said focus on weapons over powers . finally , the tech armor explosion helps minimize the melee vulnerability .
you can use obsidian pipes to redirect the outputs of chests . take the following test rig : i have filled the chest with buckets , as a sample : if you pipe another item into the chest , it will simply pop out of the pipe , like so : fortunately , obsidian pipes do not connect to themselves , so you can use this to create a somewhat compact device to channel additional items elsewhere . here 's a possible system : the iron pipes will keep the items from flowing directly into the new chests , and the obsidian pipes will pull in items that overflow . you can also use more powerful engines of course , if you want to . this is all just an example .
its 100% a glitch . so doesnt matter which color they have .
i do not know if it is changed since january , but it was 30 seconds when i was playing . i am pretty sure it puts a debuff on you which you can hover over to see the countdown .
guessing you are talking about the mega dragon . i will refer you to this thread : http://www.abandonia.com/vbullet/showthread.php?p=288395 where they cover most of the strategies to use .
do not go to the nether without a healthy stock of fire resistance potions ! you are right that you can not extinguish yourself , as water can not be placed in the nether , so you should always keep a stash of these things . drink them in advance of fighting blazes , but always have a spare one in case you are accidentally on fire . you can also up your survivability by enchanting some armour with fire protection , which will extinguish the flames faster , but not instantly .
as you can see the shop is a grid of items . commands needed : the command shop_nav_to_tab x is the column you want in x ( 0-9 ) the command shop_select_itemrow x is the row you want in x ( 1-11 ) example : you want town portal . this would be shop_nav_to_tab 0 and shop_select_itemrow 5 to buy items you need 2 more commands : dota_shop_force_hotkeys x activates shopkeys ( 1 ) or disables them ( 0 ) toggleshoppanel just brings up the shop itself building : we need to combine them all into one command : bind k "dota_shop_force_hotkeys 1;toggleshoppanel;shop_nav_to_tab 0;shop_select_itemrow 5;toggleshoppanel;dota_shop_force_hotkeys 0" would bind buying a town portal to the key k . you can bind as many items as u want to one key . just add them after toggleshoppanel: extras : for a better overview of the things you do you can use alias " namethecommandiwant " for example : is the same code as above ! you can just see the binding more clearly . the clarity combo would be the following :
this change was made in patch 4.2.0: many crowd control abilities no longer cause creatures to attack players when they are cast . the creature will not attack the player when the crowd control wears off , and nearby creatures will not become hostile to the player either . however , if a visible player gets too close to the target creature , the creature will remember and attack the player when the crowd control effect wears off . the intent is to make it easier for dungeon groups to manage crowd control assignments and pulling packs of hostile npcs . the abilities affected by this change are : hibernate , entangling roots , wyvern sting ( will still cause hostility when it begins to deal damage ) , freezing trap , polymorph , repentance , shackle undead , blind , hex , bind elemental , banish , seduction .
from the mods steam page : *to be added* exterior - worker accomodation , proper mine , npc 's interior - more npc 's , decoration fixes , misc navmeshing misc : scripting , navmeshing , quests , story , etc . so it looks like more npcs are coming in time .
the best way , is a mod called " sky-ui " . that redoes the interface and makes it very easy to tell the difference . besides that , your unfortunately stuck with the default menu options . there might be other mods for it as well . for 360 it would be stuck with the base options .
no , the fruit which appears is random , there is no way to influence it .
there is no need to actually click on the waypoint -- simply moving close to it is enough to activate it . this is a large visual and audio effect with pulses of blue light and sound , so it is very easy to tell when you have successfully activated a waypoint . in multiplayer , you can teleport to any other player , so even if activating waypoints does not unlock them for all active players , all you need to do is teleport to your friend to immediately unlock the waypoint yourself .
turns out the servers that square enix uses are just crap and go down all the time for days on end . i ended up using black chocobo to modify my save instead of using their cloud storage system .
i do not think a ' deleted ' object can be restored ( unlike a ' disabled ' object ) . from http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim_talk:console#undo_markfordelete.3f : there is no way to create a reversal for the markfordelete command that i have found in my research . i have not found a way to reverse this command once it is entered as it creates a permanent flag on the item to never render it or allow scripts to run for/including it , and it does not seem to be a toggle type command that can be turned on or off . the best way to think of the console is that it is the " master script " for the game that you are live editing when you enter a command : that is why all of the warnings on using the console for anything . this is no help to you , i know : i hope it is a warning to others though a thread in the skyrim steam forum seems to suggest the same thing . in the same thread , though , a user suggested to use the resetinterior console command ( resets an entire cell ) while outside the cell , to try the restore the deleted object in the cell . i am not sure if this will have negative effects ( although i assume it will ) .
if you gain access to paradise falls the normal way - through the quest to enslave a few npcs - then you get the chance to 1 ) recruit clover ( one of the slave girls you killed ) and 2 ) continue enslaving npcs ( with the mesmetron ) for caps . you also miss one or two minor sidequests , like giving the trader 10 chinese assault rifles to expand his stock and caps . but , beyond clover , you will miss out on nothing major and if you feel like not being an evil bastard and working for slavers then certainly feel free to kill them all . in most of my playthroughs i tended to sign up normally by enslaving the nutjob sniper who is hostile in the mined town north of germantown then i recruit clover , then i redeem myself by purging paradise falls : )
the mana flower will select restoration potions to refill mana . . . but only if you do not have the potion sickness debuff in the first place . this means it will not let you bypass the cooldown on health restoration items .
after several days worth of research , using the items offered at the auction house as a guideline , i was able to determine that socketed items are generally available as low as level 15 . it does not seem to matter what item is in question ( armor , rings , weapons , etc ) - you must be level 15 to equip something that contains a socket .
if you are looking for something specific , you have to enchant a lot more books to get it than enchanting a specific tool , since there are more possibilities . if you enchant a book at level 30 , your chance of getting looting ii or iii is approximately . 02 ( 1 in 50 ) , and so you will have to enchant about 50 books before you get it . if you have xp and time to burn , this is the way to go as books can be made from easy farming . on the other hand , if you enchant a diamond sword at level 30 , you have a . 15 ( 1 in 7 ) chance of getting looting ii or iii . ( this should actually be even better because i am not working in the effect of multiple enchantments . ) thus , you will get it much sooner — but you will also get ( on average ) six swords that do not have looting on them . note that you can then recycle those swords by repair-crafting them with almost-used-up diamond swords . therefore , given that you say you want to spend diamonds rather than xp , you should definitely enchant swords . ( all numbers from minecraftenchantmentcalculator.com, which is a sloppy tool because it just does a simulation rather than calculating true probabilities , but it was handy and should be roughly correct )
there are no penalties . the panic will not change , and that is all that matters . you will still get an a on your council report aswell . i have confirmed this on ironman impossible , as i choose to ignore a downed battleship , and there was no negative outcome .
since finding out about and possibly stopping protocol 10 is one of the main objectives of the game , it only advances during the main storyline , usually an hour every mission , until later on , when it notifies you in smaller increments .
the item colors are : white = normal , blue = magic , yellow = rare , orange = unique any of the four colors with border = map with according rarity gold = special ( orbs , scrolls ) dark green = active skill gems light green = quest items you can find a list of known vendor recipes here ( spoilers ! ) .
i found mod that provides a set of craftable/enchantable/improvable nightingale armor . http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5247
yes , night stalker benefits equally from this false night as he does from a normal night or from his own ultimate .
in warcraft 3 dota , kunkka can not equip it . there is a bug with his splash , bonus damage from quelling blade damages opponent heroes as well . yes , he can equip it in dota 2 , where the bug is fixed .
no , as these spells are orbs which rely on their autoattack components . however , heroes that are decrepified can cast these abilities by doing so manually as if there are a spell . if the ability is on autocast , this is not true .
the fortune shrine provides a 25% bonus to magic and gold find for the duration ( 2 minutes ) . you will see this in the message that appears on screen when you trigger the shrine .
after conducting some research , i do believe the answer is no . once you have your damage maxed , blood lust will not increase your damage further . on my latest play through with samson , i picked up the small rock , growth hormones , blood of the martyr and a lump of coal , so my damage was nice and maxed . i then proceeded to face gish , who spawns clots quite frequently . taking care to hit gish just once and then proceed to kill a heap of clots before trying that again , it seemed like each of my hits still took down ~9px of gish 's health bar , which was exactly the mount of damage i did straight through the door .
no , you do not get any rewards for the side quests other than the fact that you get closer to 100% sync -- if that is what you want . if you read the contract mission statements a bit closely , you will notice that there is some relation to the overall story , though not much . most of all though , they are fun . the contract missions are great fun because you get to try out some of the more exotic techniques . i still remember the first time i assassinated from a bench . it was hilarious when ezio sat him down on the bench behind him . try a few , then decide if you want to do them all or skip . edit : oh , i forgot the cash rewards for side missions . but it is easy to forget cash in ac2 , since you have way more than you will ever need .
not only is this unfortunately impossible with your current setup , it is impossible to reach a high overworld portal from the nether as of 1.2.4: as of the 1.2 update , there is a confirmed bug in which the " portal search " performed during travel back from the nether will not find any overworld portal above a height of 128 . thus , it is not possible to travel back to the overworld and land at a portal which is above y = 128 . from the minecraft wiki article . additionally , without mods , there is currently no way to move upwards without some sort of connecting structure , save perhaps a vertical tnt cannon , and it seems to me that you want something a bit more usable than that . now , in theory , once this bug is fixed , you could build a transport bridge a few blocks out in the nether and the same number of block multiplied by 8 in the overworld coordinated just so that the higher platform is closer to the new portal , but it would be complex to do . until then , you are stuck with regular transportation .
receiving players have no choice in what they get from the druid , and the druid has no choice on what they get from the player . it is all based off class . the most recent lists i have found ( dating from the 26th of july , as these have changed a number of times in the beta ) are below . the skill for the non-casting player : the skill for the casting druid : unfortunately links do not work inside code tags , so if you want to see the details on the skills here are links/tooltips for all of them .
it is used for an achievement and in the other hand it is easter egg . Achievement: "Bashanishu - Hurt Bashiok using Rakanishu\u2019s Blade."  rakanishu 's blade is a easter egg from diablo 2 monster rakanishu . bashiok is a monster created after an blizzard employee bashiok .
right click on your character . you will have the option to " leave party " whether you are the party leader or not .
i have exactly the same setup - an ios ( iphone5 right now ) wall-to-usb adapter and a 3ds to usb cable - and it works fine for me . the 3ds detects that it is plugged into power and does charge . i use this set-up occasionally when i am traveling and do not want to take apart the whole cradle and charger system . it has not caused any harm yet , but i do not expect nintendo to ever officially endorse it .
beyond gold , silver , crystal , and the modern remakes , heartgold and soulsilver , none of the flagship pokemon games have ever spanned more than one region ( though several have included isolated islands or otherwise remote areas ) . so " as far as we know " , only the johto and kanto regions are confirmed to be nearby ( and are , in fact , adjacent ) . as mentioned in bulbapedia , however , the first four generations are all analogous to real-life parts of japan , while the fifth generation maps to the new york metropolitan area , and kalos ( 6th and current gen ) maps to real-world france . i would not go so far as to say that the previous regions are completely ignored ( oak , at least , has made it to hoenn on more than one occasion ) , but beyond the previously mentioned exceptions ( and monsterous residents , which feature previous generation pokemon in their " national dex" ) , each region is pretty much distinct .
food has no effect on vigor or vitality . you cannot even use ( eat ) it . it can only be traded or dropped like any other junk item .
blizzard had posted this post which mentions that the initial installers had a bug . the post mentions : obtain the new diablo iii digital downloader using the links below eu english installer - windows eu english installer - mac german installer - windows german installer - mac point the download save at the same directory as before . the folder in question is your main game data folder . if you have the game downloaded to D:\Games\Diablo-III-8370-enGB-Installer , please point the download to D:\Games\ . do not use the automatically generated folder containing the installation files ( i.e. . do not use the directory d:\games\diablo-iii-8370-engb-installer as this is the one created by the downloader ) . if you chose the correct directory only 50mb will need to be downloaded to fix your install , otherwise you will re-download the entire ~7.6gb also , it is absolutely imperative that you download the same language and region client that you used to download the game after pre-ordering . in my case , i had downloaded the en-gb version of installer and game after pre-ordering . however , today while downloading the new installer , blizzard offered me the us version of the installer and because of this mismatch , it was downloading the whole game again . after grabbing the en-gb ( aka eu ) install client , it was able to detect my previous download .
you can only heal in battle with the heal spell as potions are only usable outside of battle . you can use the heal spell as you would any other spell . as you can not use magic outside of battle , you can only heal outside of battle with potions . this handy list lists all the rings and their effects . rings with the heal spell listed there are : rust ring - heal 1 shield halo - heal 2 frozen band - heal 1 the conduit - heal 2 circle of life - heal 3 ring of fire and ice - heal 3 dragoor scale - heal 4 ( unlocked in newgame+ ) kward - heal 5 cryo loop - heal 3 thorne - heal 5 ( unlocked in newgame+ )
nope , sorry . you will have to start it all over again . deaths are permanent in this game .
according to microsoft , drives below 1 gb or over 32 gb are not supported . usb minimum requirements to use a usb flash drive with your console , the usb flash drive must meet these requirements : - a minimum of 1 gb storage capacity . - formatted with the windows fat32 file system . macintosh or linux formats do not work . why does xbox 360 only support 32 gb of usb storage ? supporting 32 gb of storage space on usb flash drives is a huge increase over the original xbox 360 memory unit . if you need additional storage , consider adding an xbox 360 hard drive . see xbox 360 storage options for more information . instead of a flash drive , you should consider getting a new xbox 360 hard drive . what other storage options do i have ? the xbox 360 320-gb hard drive is the best option for media enthusiasts . you will have plenty of space for games , hd tv and movies , games on demand , game demos and add-ons , music , and much more . certain games still require a hard drive in order to play system link or xbox live multiplayer games . for multiplayer gaming , it is recommended that you use a hard drive .
no , not in any uncertain terms . ron gilbert could work in espionage as his secret-keeping skills are first rate . i am sure you must realize that explaining the ending to monkey island 2 is a question with as many answers as people who have played the game to the end . the " cannon " ( at least as far as all subsequent monkey island games are concerned ) ending of monkey island 2 explained in monkey island 3 states that it was a hallucination . but the designers of mi3 had no insight into the original intentions of the end of mi2 as ron gilbert was not a part of that project and his original intentions were not shared . because of this , many players have picked at the inconsistencies in the mi3 explanation as you do and consider the explanation provided in mi3 not to be cannon to ron gilbert 's original vision which he seems intent to never reveal . ron gilbert never explained what the secret of monkey island is either . from the many interviews and ambiguous answers , it is rather clear that ron gilbert likes his secrets and may have no intention of ever clearing up any of this conundrum . he mentioned that he considered giving it to his lawyer to be read upon his death , but that this may lead to his untimely demise by a crazed fan desperate to know the secret . is any of it real ? is it the fantasy of a boy in an amusement park ? what is the secret of monkey island ? we may never know . the wikipedia article has some good references and insight , citing several interviews with ron gilbert . apparently ron gilbert intended a trilogy so the ending of mi2 may not have been meant to have the finality it almost implies if you take guybrush 's experiences at the end literally . one stronger theory linked from the wikipedia article suggests that when lechuck first curses guybrush after he falls down the hole , he does transport him to a parallel universe of hell and guybrush 's understanding of the world is shattered . but it could even be as simple as something like when falling down the hole or upon the landing , guybrush hit his head and everything after that was a concussion-induced hallucination . any explanation that dismisses guybrush 's experiences at the end as being a hallucination is likely not going to please fans and so that is probably why it is for the better that it stays a secret . the best part of the ending in my opinion is that it is somewhat open-ended and allows players ' imaginations to run wild and question the reality within the monkey island fiction . it is sort of surreal to be considering the " reality " within a fiction . personally , i feel that the scene with elaine after the end makes it pretty clear what is what , but that is just my personal opinion . either way , the game is a masterpiece . i am not sure if ron gilbert was making a joke , but on his blog , it read , " when @grumpygamer gets 1,000,000 followers , i will make another monkey island . " if that is true and someone 's motivated enough to find out the truth of the monkey island mysteries , then it would seem some advertising of his twitter feed would be in order . fyi , twitter has about 360,000,000+ registered users , of whom about 140,000,000 or so are believed to be active so you do not even need 1% of all twitter users to follow him - easy , right ?
yes techie 's mine are triggered when an invisible enemy unit walks on them . you can for example use lycan 's wolves ( lvl 4 ) to demine .
they are from people crafting them for the sole purpose of selling them . one of the good things about buying a recipe is that it is not only cheaper than buying the item itself , but you can then use the recipe to put together those raw materials again to make an item to sell , hopefully for more than you would've gotten for just the raw materials . note that crafted items will sometimes get special attributes that you can not get on dropped/store-bought items , making them even more valuable .
to answer the first question : can i make a profit by salvaging items for their components , then using said components to smith my own items ? you can . early in the game , you can not really make enough profit doing this to make it worth the trouble ( unless you are just super ocd about wringing every little bit of gold out of every transaction ) , but eventually--especially once you max out your blacksmithing--it seems the items you can craft can be worth a fair bit more than the originals that you salvage . here are the results of a quick and dirty test i just did comparing prices of a looted fine azurite greatsword --> mastercrafted azurite greatsword and a looted crude sylvanite greatsword --> mastercrafted sylvanite greatsword . note that i am level 22 with maxed blacksmithing skill and 1 point in mercantile . first let 's start with some base numbers--sale prices of the original items and the base components in play : for the fine azurite greatsword , i salvaged and reloaded until i got the primary and secondary components needed to craft a new sword--the blade and the hilt . it took 16 salvage attempts to get both , but 4 of those times i got the blade and an optional component ( simple bindings or basic grip ) , and 1 time i got the blade plus both optional components . for the crude sylvanite greatsword , on my second salvage attempt i got the large sylvanite blade , the hilt , and bindings . good enough for me . because my blacksmithing is maxed , all items i craft are " mastercrafted " items , which means they get an additional effect that varies depending on the type of item . azurite greatswords seem to get +3% damage , and sylvanite greatswords get +6% damage . it appears that mastercrafted items are always at least green , even if you just use two components ( primary and secondary ) to craft them . i compared prices i could fetch for both types of swords when i used just 2 components , then 3 components , then all 4 ( i never attempted adding a gem ) . all components except the blades were the most basic possible ( crude hilt , simple bindings , and basic grip ) . here are the results : what is interesting is that the effects of the additional components on the sale price seem to multiply it by a factor of ~1.07 with each addition rather than simply adding the value of the base components . so it seems like it might be worth it to salvage lots of the junk you get early in the game just to get the basic secondary/optional components to keep and use later on to pimp out stuff you craft for sale--especially considering that , e.g. , the crappy iron gear is worth &lt ; 100 gold early in the game , but the parts you salvage can increase the worth of sylvanite and prismere gear ( i am guessing ) by much more than that . also , i should note that the 2 optional components for greatswords both have the same effect--+5 health . it is likely that value of the crafted item is calculated based on the stats of the crafted item rather than the value of the components that go into the item , so using different components will certainly give you different final values . i just used the basic components so as not to introduce too many variables . now--i wish , for this test , that i would had a crude azurite greatsword and a fine sylvanite greatsword to compare as well just to see for sure how much difference in the original sale price crude vs . fine makes and if the difference becomes more , less , or equally pronounced with higher quality raw materials . obviously salvaging crude and fine gives you a chance to salvage the exact same components--the only difference is the stats/price of the original items ( so you make a bigger profit off salvaging crude items as compared to fine ) .
the duration of an übercharge is always 8 seconds when you keep a single patient ; the only thing affected by a patient 's health status during an übercharge is healing , which is a separate matter from übercharge . the only thing that shortens the duration of the übercharge itself ( for the medic ) , and not the filling of the charge meter , is passing the healing beam to multiple patients such that more than one person receives invulnerability .
given the altruist achievement ( at least on steam , can not comment on the xbox version ) , which is " complete 100 percent of the vigils in the memorial " and given i have that achievement and my vigil screen looked exactly like yours , we can safety assume that there are only 23 vigils .
the question you link to , how do i complete the mission &quot ; eden prime : resistance movement&quot ; ? , further links to the wiki entry eden prime : resistance movement that has a walk-through of how to collect all 3: after fighting off the initial wave of cerberus troops , head into the left structure and you will find another piece of intel in the back room with a bunch of computer terminals . the last piece of intel is located in a building with a number 2 on the outside , and the number 9 painted on the inside multiple times ( this is misleading - many buildings have a 2 or 9 written in or on them so to avoid further confusion the building with the last piece of intel is located across from the building with a 2 on it that holds the prothean data ) , as you move deeper inside you will see a wall on the left side with three consoles , it is the middle one . that is all you have to do to get the achievement and related war asset . you should get the achievement immediately after completely that task/mission . update : per comments , looks like the op found the answer to his own question . you have to do the above , and not die at all between picking up the three items . ( my guess is this is probably a bug and not a requirement , but at least we know now . )
amongst other abilities , hydra with the lightning rune do not cause the paralysis passive to proc . the abilities reported to be affected by this are : storm armor 's basic damage component lightning hydra dartling source , second source .
currently , there are two school of thoughts on the demon hunter build : sustained dps crit hit damage ( this is the build i use ) sustained dps uses a bow with high attack speed prefers gear with ias , dex , crit chance , crit damage ( in that order ) . stands their ground more ( i.e. . less reliance on smoke screen , more on shadow power and damage reduction ) . uses base dps as comparison value more suited to group play with a tank . crit hit damage prefers a crossbow ( socketed one with high quality emerald if possible ) uses sharpshooter uses gear with crit damage , dex , ias , crit chance ( in that order ) . play style is more of a hit and run and caltrops spamming build . uses 100% crit dps as comparison value more suited to solo play . these two playstyles are rather different , and that is why their preferred dps comparison methods are different . for instance , my demon hunter has 150k dps with 100% sharpshooter , but only 50k dps without sharpshooter , so in a straight up constant shooting scenario ( assuming there is a tank who is got all the aggro ) , i will lose out to a sustained dps dh with similar quality gear , but in hit and run situations ( i.e. . solo play ) i will out damage them by a lot .
i use my shield and bash them during the wind up . this helps stagger them so that i can whoop it on . try blocking with a shield or a two-handed weapon , while they wind up hold the block buttton and hit the attack button at the same time to bash them , see if it staggers them or not .
it is a great question , but i am not sure there is a definitive answer , other than " we do not know " . according to the character 's page on the grim fandango wikia : almost nothing is known about manny 's time in the land of the living . periodically throughout the game , manny states he does not know what sin he committed [ emphasis mine ] that got him stuck at the department of death , but that he is willing to work his time off regardless . in year 1 he says that he has none that he wishes to visit during the day of the dead . my best guess - it is left intentionally unanswered as it gives him an air of tragic mystery ( even he does not know ) and is actually irrelevant to the story anyway .
you can edit your config file for a more precise sensitivity adjustment . configs are located in : My Documents/Battlefield 3/PROF_SAVE_profile  back this file up before making any changes . open in notepad and edit these values . i have not tweaked these in the config since beta when there was a bug with the sensitivity slider , so i could not tell you what the scheme0/1/2 values affect . GstInput.MouseSensitivity GstInput.Scheme0Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme1Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme2Sensitivity  edit : try this in the console GstInput.MouseSensitivity 0.418605  edit the value to your preference .
as far as the game is concerned , landing a stun has the same effect as getting a silent kill . in other words , a single stun will increase a kill streak score ( silent or otherwise ) by one . so yes absolutely , stuns count in your kill streaks . has been that way since revelations .
solomon island do not waste your sequins at the first two vendors , it is not hard to run to the vendor in blue mountain as long as you do not dally on the bridge covered with corpses at the beginning of blue mountain ( hint : they are zombies ) . kingsmouth town ( 153 , 375 ) do not buy stuff here ! blue ql3 gear weapons , 146 power ( 40 ) glyph , physical and magical protection ( 10 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 10 ) lower left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 20 ) upper left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) savage coast ( 128 , 854 ) blue ql5 gear weapons , 200 power ( 40 ) glyph , physical and magical protection ( 12 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 12 ) lower middle talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) upper middle talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) upper left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) blue mountain ( 245 , 643 ) blue ql6 gear weapons , 235 power ( 50 ) glyph , evade and defence ( 15 ) glyph , crit ( 15 ) valley of the sun god no skipping ahead here . roads are only moderately dangerous , but it seems like you need to progress the story mission to gain access to the second zone . scorched desert ( 601 , 436 ) blue ql7 gear no weapons glyph , penetration and hit ( 17 ) glyph , evade and block ( 17 ) lower right talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) upper right talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) city of the sun god ( 400 , 52 ) blue ql8 gear weapons , 282 power ( 50 ) glyph , physical protect and defence ( 20 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 20 ) transylvania the roads around the cov envoy and agartha entrance in besieged farmlands have mobs on them , otherwise travel is pretty safe if you stick to the roads . besieged farmlands ( 1007 , 1035 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , health ( 30 ) upper left talisman , healing ( 55 ) head talisman , attack ( 65 ) shadowy forest ( 853 , 872 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , healing ( 30 ) upper left talisman , attack ( 55 ) head talisman , health ( 65 ) carpathian fangs ( 710 , 681 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , attack ( 30 ) upper left talisman , health ( 55 ) head talisman , healing ( 65 )
the game will give you the full amount for the fish you killed on your way down . as soon as the fish is ' killed ' you will have obtained the species in the fish-o-pedia expect for a very specific case . * it will not give you money for any fish on the hook . the cash you saw is purely from those that died on the way down . it does not necessarily make the game easier , but it makes it faster as it takes a while to go back up to the surface when you are really deep . the main benefit is that if you feel like you ' screwed up ' too early , such as wasting one of your electro shocks within the first 100 feet , you can quickly abort a run to try another deep dive . oh , and i recommend getting the auto shotgun , its imo the best gun for fish shooting . you do not have to worry about missing if you use that . * spoilers : there are 4 special fish in home waters you can obtain in home waters that requires you to not kill them with the saw or electricity .
a video driver bug is the most likely culprit . try running mame in a window instead of fullscreen with the switch -window . you could also try -video gdi .
yes , b is the worst rank . the possible ranks are b ( lowest ) a s v ( highest ) from a vvvvvv wiki : in the time trials play mode [ . . . ] the objectives are finishing the level in less than the par time , collecting all the trinkets , and avoiding deaths . [ . . . ] if none of these objectives are met during a time trials run , the player is awarded a " b " rank . if some of the objectives is met the player receives a higher rank : " a " rank for one objective met , " s " rank for two objectives met , and " v " rank for all three . ( emphasis mine )
cave mushroom farms can be placed underground . they need to be placed on dirt and require one mud block per harvest . alternately , you could set up some prepared food barrels underground and your townies will constantly move food to those barrels , saving time for when someone actually gets hungry .
autosaves happen automatically according to your settings ( on waiting , resting , fast traveling , changing location , or having the character menu open for a number of minutes ) . 3 autosaves are kept . quicksaves are made on demand , and only 1 backup copy is kept . regular saves are made on demand , and remain until you delete or overwrite them . considering how many quest-breaking bugs there still are , you will likely regret not making a regular save every few hours . you will always be able to load a save that has not been overwritten , which happens all the time to quick and autosaves . unless it is corrupted , of course , which also happens not infrequently . immediately reloading to a regular save you have made is recommended . if you are on pc , using the save "name" console command can be immensely helpful . it is much easier to revert if your saves have meaningful names , rather than simply being numbered .
give these replay sites a try . http://star2.org/ http://sc2rep.com/ http://replayfu.com/ edit : star2 . org has a small but active community where you can seek feedback and not be drowned in a sea of similar requests .
obviously , there are game-specific gotchas , but here are a few common themes that come back to bite me over and over . moving on to a dungeon level which is too hard . pretty simple , but gets me all the time : deeper dungeons have harder monsters . it is easy to get excited and move on to a deeper level of nethack prematurely . if you are out of your depth , it suddenly becomes much more likely that a situation will arise that you can not deal with . for example , a common one is being surrounded by monsters which you could just about handle individually . en masse , it is all over . inadequate escape mechanisms . if you do not have a reasonable way to escape from a sticky situation , then it is only a matter of time before one catches up with you . in tome , for example , phase door ( scrolls or spell ) is an essential tool . a variation on this is not having enough escape methods . for example , if you only have one phase door scroll , then it could easily be destroyed by fire , leaving you without an exit strategy if it gets nasty . missing key immunities . you can only make it so far in most rogue-likes before a serious effect or damage type will take you out . for example , without resistance to blindness , confusion or paralyzation , later levels of nethack are effectively impossible . tol falas in tome is extremely difficult to finish without an effective way to manage high level magic-wielding monsters . single strategy combat . most characters specialise in one form of combat . this works really well . . . until the moment it does not . more tome examples : your super-duper ice attack works great until you meet an ice drake . your close combat berserking is perfectly adequate until you hit an elder vampire with a phantasmal shield . it is a really good idea to invest in several alternative methods for dealing with enemies , using ranged weapons , spells , magic items , dungeon traps , etc . a false sense of security . when you have survived for a while , it is incredibly easy to drop your guard and get sloppy . it is easy to forget you are usually only a couple of ( unfortunate ) steps away from death . the classic one in nethack is having your gloves burnt away while holding a petrifying corpse , or flying over a sink or something else equally stupid . in tome , it is really easy to kill yourself by holding down a direction key on a long corridor , and failing to notice the skeleton mage at the other end blasting you with consecutive manathrusts .
you get xbox live achievements if you play the 360 version , steam achievements if you play the pc version
this error is generally related to the network being down , or the game servers being down . the only real solution to it is to wait and try again later . the other issue that people have had with this error is a problem with their own router . you may need to turn off upnp on your router .
i just finished the achievement . you stand in the sunbeams for just a second , and you will see your sunbeam count go up , i.e. 1/10 . you get the achievement for the last beam . if that is not working for you , make sure toki tori has been updated . i also made a video guide for this achievement :
there are two schools of philosophy on drone transfer ( this only is for drones on minerals ) : all but 16 half ( or really any other number between this and #1 ) both have their merits . the first is based on the assumption that any unit after the 16th is only doing a fraction of the work it could do otherwise ; transferring those means you gain more minerals without any additional cost . most companies would kill for this opportunity . the latter is based on the idea that when powering drones you do not want to have to select your hatcheries individually , so by doing this both sites need just as many new drones and you can power without noticing location . this often falls under the criticism that any drones being transferred are not producing minerals ; this is fine when they are at reduced effectiveness , while it is a bad idea under 16 . while this is true , any drones produced at one base and rallied to the next suffer from the same problem , so the net loss is actually zero ( unless you do not rally , in which case your economy is slowed for other reasons ) . if you start playing with really ridiculous math ( ridiculous because of the assumptions you have to make ) you should find out that the net effect is the same . you will notice that pro players tend to favor the former as more money now is better than the same money later . so , my suggestion is : all drones on minerals but 16 .
venom hydra is more advantageous in almost every situation . while the pools of acid do less damage per second , they will stack on top of each other , and with 3 heads as opposed to 1 , this can mean that it is actually doing 54% damage per second in one location ( which can hit multiple mobs ) , or 18% in 3 different locations . venom hydra also has speed in terms of the fact that mammoth hydra 's flaming ground is fairly slow to reach it is target . venom hydra is the clear cut winner in situations where an enemy will stand still for extended periods of time ( like bosses or if you are grouping with a melee character ) , as the dps output on targets standing in pools is just insane . the only time that mammoth hydra seems to win out is if lots of enemies are queuing up ( say coming through a doorway ) , but even then , venom hydra can hit the first enemy , and when it dies , the second enemy will take it is place which in turn will mean it is now standing on the venom pools . so mammoth hydra is only barely better in this situation , while venom hydra is far better in all other situations .
the remove tunnels option is found in the materials menu . select it and drag it over the tunnel and your workers will remove it .
after testing it a few minutes ago i discovered the following things . 1 . the tech lab must stay attached 2 . if the barracks lands down next to the tech lab immediately afterword , tech is not resumed and must be restarted . 3 . the minerals/vespine gas spent will be refunded .
yes . the requirements are as follows : rank 1: 0 xp ( level 0 through 4 ) , the rank you start as . rank 2: 15,250 xp ( level 5 through 9 ) rank 3: 60,750 xp ( level 10 through 14 ) rank 4: 148,000 xp ( level 15 through 19 ) rank 5: 300,000 xp ( level 20 )
there are no unique items that can be disenchanted for the muffle enchant . i am afraid you are going to have to luck out and find a set of " [ any boots ] of muffling " to disenchant , which i will tell you now , is not easy . i easily reset a shopkeeper 's inventory 500+ times with no luck before i finally used the console to spawn myself a set of steel boots of muffling and took 100,000 gold out of my inventory . player . additem 92a75 1 if you want to do that yourself . source
yes , it is currently possible to learn every skill available , and many people have . the only disadvantage to learning more skills is that there is a compounding 3% time penalty for every skill you learn above a certain limit . the limit is determined by your current level of the better learning skill . the effect of this is that learning many ' fast ' skills will make the longer skills later in the tree far more difficult to learn . the current maximum penalty is over 4x the base learning time , so for skills that take days or weeks , this can be significant . thus , learning some skills you are not interested now might penalize you in the future , should there be a long learning time skill that is introduced into the game later down the line . the game developers have said that they have many skills planned for release in the near future . one of these skills is thought to be unlearning , which will allow you to ' forget ' skills that you do not have any interest in retaining . it would take a fraction of the time it takes to learn a skill in order to unlearn it . the time taken to unlearn a skill is not affected by the aforementioned penalty and the unlearning skills themselves also do not add to the penalty . the skillifier is a tool i developed to track skill times and help you prioritize , if learning time is an interest/concern : http://agent86ix.github.com/glitch
the mental power set is also a controller role . this means you gain special effects to your powers in controller stance . at level 12 , you can purchase pyrokinesis in the telekinesis line of powers . this ability locks down your target 's healing abilities , which should make cyborg a lot easier to deal with . if you reach 16 , the psychic shock power in the illusion line will perform the same function . the effects do not stack , though , so if you want to save your power points , try to purchase only one . other abilities you can use are terrorize ( lv . 8 on illusion ) or cryokinesis ( lv 16 on telekinesis ) to reduce your target 's damage output , and thought bubble ( lv 12 on telekinesis ) or phantom flames ( lv 12 on illusion ) to reduce enemy defenses . you can increase the duration of these effects by raising your dominance stat . every 2 points of dominance increases the amount of damage your target can take , before the debuff effect wears off , by one health point . that means the higher you dominance , the fewer times you have to use your debuff abilities and the more straight damage attacks you can do . another method for improving your chances are to earn skill points by completing feats . weapon lines have nodes which give you bonuses for your stats , so purchasing them will give you permanent improvements regardless of what weapon you equip . though there are not a lot of feats you can do early on , you can get them for completing collections , investigations , and alerts in the cities , selling any extra collection items on the broker in the hall of doom for spending cash . races are a good way to earn feat points and style items as well . you can spend in-game cash at vendors in each safe house to by styles that will also net you some feats . also , you can get a total of 310 feat points ( translating to 3 full skill points ) just by completing all the exploration feats for gotham and metropolis ( the booster gold explorations are a separate feat from this ) . these feats can be done without any combat , but i suggest doing them on a pve phase so you do not have to worry about well-meaning heroes ruining your day . good luck !
if an items does 10 - 15 base-damage and you put in a gem that adds +2 min / +2 max the new damage range is 12 - 17 damage . before the patch , the calculation was exactly the same , but +2-4 damage is much more confusing ( in my opinion ) . the new wording just clarifies what really happens . edit : explanation of the old tool-tip : the damage modifiers of rubies ( and +X min or +X max ) on a weapon are calculated before other damage modifiers ( like elemental damage for example ) . within this , the +X min get applied first , taking our example weapon from above to 12 - 15 damage after this , the +X max gets added , resulting in said 12 - 17 damage . if we get another weapon with a very small damage range like 10 - 11 damage it works the same - but after the +X min is applied , we get 12 - 11 damage which does not make sense . as a result , the max-damage is raised to 13 and then the +X max gets added , resulting in 12 - 15 damage . we ended up with +2 min / +4 max . now , if we take a weapon with 10 - 10 damage ( no range ) , we theoretically end up with 12 - 15 damage again , which is +2 min / +5 max ( or +2-5 damage ) but this does not happen in game as there is always a damage-range , so this possibility was excluded from display . conclusion : the old tool-tip showed the theoretical maximum effect a ruby could have , which does not really happen in-game . even my second example only happens rarely ( only if you put a high ruby in a low-level weapon ) so the new tool-tip is much more exact .
when crafting , all materials in the legacy storage are available to you . the are drawn in this order : materials in your inventory materials in your cargo hold materials in your legacy storage this allows you to maximize both accessibility of materials to your alts as well as reduce what you are carrying around .
press shift to rush , and while rushing press f or alt to slide .
the -hp from items decreases the maximum health attainable on a lich .
the japanese wiki for the game has the following information . i can not confirm it all myself but it makes sense and fits how the two difficulties in etrian odyssey 4 worked . the short version is that enemy difficulty goes up as you increase the difficulty , and the game becomes less forgiving of party wipes . on picnic and normal , after your party dies in battle , it will reload prior to the battle . this can happen indefinitely on picnic , but only once on normal . ariadne threads do not get used up on picnic . this matches how etrian odyssey 4 worked on casual . damage dealt and received change based on difficulty . normal is a baseline of 100% damage dealt and received . on picnic you deal 133% damage and receive 33% damage . on expert you deal 66% damage and receive 166% damage . on picnic , healing spells operate at 150% efficiency . it is 100% for normal and expert .
when fully retracted , pistons are two blocks tall in their respective grids . therefore small pistons are 1m tall and large pistons are 5m tall . fully extended , the piston is just at 6 blocks ( 3m/15m ) tall . http://spaceengineers.wikia.com/wiki/piston
i am making this community wiki : please -- anyone with more information feel free to add it in ! might affinity angelic alliance - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 4 . arachne - complete sidequest in necromancy campaign , mission 1 . assassin 's blade - buy from the altar of wishes . requires gold dynasty rank . blade of binding - complete sidequest in inferno campaign , mission 4 dragon flame tongue - wildcard ( see below ) edge of chaos - exclusive to preordering heroes vi . iron feather - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 1 . malathua 's cleaver - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . ( blood mission ) perfect silksword - wildcard ( see below ) silksword of the kirin - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 2 . souldrinker - defeat an enemy hero as part of the main quest in inferno campaign , mission 1 . sword of the griffin - unlocked as part of the main quest in the prologue campaign . sword of the wolf - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 1 . sword of whistlebone - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . magic affinity batu 's totem - buy from altar of wishes . requires platinum dynasty rank . heartrending song - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 2 . soulreaver staff - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 1 . staff of asha 's eightfold - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of cleansing - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of sandro - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 3 . staff of sar-aggreth - wildcard ( see below ) staff of the tides - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 1 . the oblivion - unlock from uplay with uplay points . thunder staff - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . will of urgash - buy from the altar of wishes . requires silver dynasty rank . wildcard there are a few spots on campaign maps that contain " wildcard " artifacts - guarded locations that contain a random artifact ( including these 3 dynasty weapons ) . as of right now , these " random " artifacts ( which change their contents each time the map is played ) are the only possible ways to get these weapons .
you do not need to be in combat for any of these , the end result is all that matters . the armored challenge is pretty simple . any enemy in body armor ( armor is highlighted yellow in detective mode ) will fly back in the direction of the charge blast . so if batman is in combat with an armored enemy , do the quick rec blast ( xbox 360: lt ⓑ , ps3: l1 ◯ ) and he should go flying backwards . if you make sure he is positioned between you and some other enemies you will get the challenge easy . as for causing an enemy to hit another , the outlined strategy for hitting one of the lieutenants is a good one . but it will work well on any tight group of enemies wielding weapons .
having completed the campaign and like you gone through the achievements i will say there is no mini-game in heart of the swarm campaign like " the lost viking " in wings of liberty .
you can only see a sort of echo appear on the screen i am afraid . what you might have seen was the caster 's mouse cursor when they review the replay , or some casters record a game they are playing live , so you see their mouse . as for the key presses , i am afraid you have to be vigilant and work out what they click . personally i have the shortcuts showing on the icons , which might help , a lot of the time it is just noise , keep an eye on the production , that will give you an idea of what they are clicking . make sure you watch day9 , he is brrrrriliant and have good tips and tricks for a beginner and part-timer ( such as myself ) . i think you might be worrying to much about the detail and need to take a step back to see the larger picture . this video might be a good start : otherwise go back as far as you can and let day9 guide you .
i think hearing enemies is , like many other things in xcom , a random thing . the chances are higher when you have no enemies in sight and you are far away from them . however , it is possible to hear enemies that are out of line of sight even when you are in combat with other enemies . it is also possible to have two soldiers hear enemies in the same turn . i even had a single soldier hear the same enemy twice with no delay between ! one thing that does seem consistent , however , is that when you hear an enemy , it will resonate from the closest enemy to you . i have never heard enemies from across the map when there are closer ones nearby . so , your strategy of playing slow is probably just increasing the chances of hearing enemies , as you are taking more turns , which is indeed a useful thing .
you definitely are not missing anything . batman , in all his vast wisdom/money , manages to bring along an unlimited number of his gadgets in that tiny utility belt of his . i am guessing it is a dimensional belt of holding +1 . . . man i am a nerd . . .
at C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\GameOverlayUI.exe.log you will find this helpful message : fri nov 25 04:11:22 2011 utc - generating new string page texture 2730: 128x256 , total string texture memory is 393.22 kb fri nov 25 04:56:43 2011 utc - detected possibly crashed/killed game , exiting fri nov 25 04:56:43 2011 utc - shutting down overlay there is a dialog in steam to allow you to pass arguments to the game . it could be that one of them is for debug mode . i found that it would start crashing at a savepoint more often if there were a lot of dead bodies scattered around . i went into the console and marked them for deletion , and then it got past that point . i also managed to delete a small lake in the process . but it still crashes .
it is a bug . i get this as well . after the first chapter i am not sure what happened to the bad guy leader . i sometimes die when i reach an objective e.g. when my guy gets out of his car in the set piece his car lands on him and he dies . hopefully they patch it .
according to the league of legends wikia wind slash : riven can activate the ability to emit a shockwave in a long cone in front of her that deals physical damage to all units hit based on their missing health . No cost Range: 900 Missile Speed: 2200  minimum physical damage : 80 / 120 / 160 ( +0.6 per bonus attack damage ) maximum physical damage ( 25% health or lower ) : 240 / 360 / 480 ( +1.8 per bonus attack damage ) since this has linear scaling , this means that the minimum damage ( before reduction from armor ) occurs at 100% health , the maximum is at 25% or below , with an increase of 300% ( over the base ability ) at this optimal usage . this means that ( give or take ) you get a 4% increase in damage per 1% missing health ( though , again , it is linear , not a step function ) . this scaling is different from both garen ( who gets bonus damage per missing health point ) and lee sin ( who gets bonus damage based on a percentage of the missing health ) .
is the challenge only awarded the first time you encounter smash head during the quest to find the goliath 's lost loot crate ? no , you can get this challenge at a later date . i just accomplished this with my commando by going back to my normal mode playthrough with level 41 weapons and quickly killed smash-head before his minions were able to come after me .
remove the mods and restart the game to ensure that it is stable . then add the mods one at a time , running the game after every mod has installed . this will let you find the mod that is causing the problem . at that point , you can either investigate the cause of the crash or just avoid using that mod in future .
level 10 , only if you choose mercenary as your advanced class .
if you have already completed the level once , and go back and try to complete the level again , the invincibilty leaf ( the item that gives you the white tanooki suit ) will not appear anymore , no matter how many times you die . the same goes for p-wings - if you have already completed a level once , then you will not get to use the p-wing in that level .
found a solution on the steam game hub . . ( scroll to bottom ) http://steamcommunity.com/app/211420/discussions/0/882959061668056366?insidemodal=1 also , a more detailed source . . ( tip #5 ) http://segmentnext.com/2012/08/24/dark-souls-pc-crashes-low-fps-fix-controls-errors-freezes-and-gfwl-fixes/ the trick is to disable any of your devices listed as an " hid-compliant game controller " . no need to uninstall . i created a system restore point jic . control panel > system > device manager > human interface devices > > [ disable all of your devices listed as an " hid-compliant game controller" ] remember to restore them when you are done . quite a pain :| all things considered , its working now and that is fine with me until its patched .
yes , they are set in the same universe . freelancer takes place after the alliance/coalition war from starlancer . as the alliance realizes they are losing the war , they launch a set of sleeper ships into deep space to rebuild and recolonize outside the sol system . 800 years later , the descendants of these colonists form the factions in the freelancer storyline . the intro movie to freelancer explains this best : there is also an explanation in the " plot and setting " section of the freelancer wikipedia article , and in the starlancer article on the freelancer wiki .
since the only items impossible to obtain in peaceful are mob drops ( that are not obtained otherwise ) and derivatives , here 's a list of unobtainable items : blaze rod music discs ( with the exception of music discs "13" and " cat" ) ender pearls ( even though you can obtain an eye of ender by trading ) spider eye ghast tear slimeballs magma cream nether star wither skeleton skull there are only a handful of direct derivatives : brewing stand ( requires blaze rod ) this leads to no potions as well , especially those that use a fermented spider eye , ghast tear , blaze powder , or magma cream sticky piston ( requires slimeball ) beacon ( requires nether star ) the wither ( requires 3 wither skeleton skulls , but you are not going to spawn that on peaceful anyway ) fire charge ( requires blaze powder ) also limits available fireworks and here is the list of drops you can still obtain : bone ( can be found in temple and dungeon chests ) rotten flesh ( before snapshot 12w22a could be traded with villagers but can also be found in temple and dungeon chests ) strings ( obtained by : destroying cobwebs and tripwires and it has 53% chance of spawning in a dungeon chest ) arrows ( can be crafted with other resources available in peaceful , can be found in temples and can be traded with villagers ) gunpowder ( will be possible to loot in dungeon chests ) gold nuggets ( can be obtained by placing a gold ingot into a crafting area ) dragon egg ( reaching the end is possible by trading eyes of ender with villagers ; apparently the ender dragon will not despawn on peaceful and the creation of a piston is still possible ) glowstone dust ( can be obviously obtained in the nether and by trading with villagers ) it is also to note that a lot of items , that are possible to obtain , will not be renewable anymore , like : bone ( previously farmed by killing skeletons or wither skeletons ) coal ( not charcoal , previously farmed by killing the wither skeleton ) gunpowder ( previously farmed by killing creepers , ghasts or witches ) strings ( previously farmed by killing spiders and cave spiders )
when playing minecraft with mods , the mods version are unique to the version you are playing for example : if your playing in minecraft 1.4.7 then the mods are 1.4.7 compatible . meaning you can not put a 1.7.2 buildcraft version in there because it will black screen your game when launching . also when adding/replacing a mod delete the older version before adding the new version of the mod in . if you are updating a modpack create a save of your . minecraft folder for tekkit so if anything goes wrong your have a go to save .
use a program such as gimp or even paint , then locate the main texture for blocks which should be located in . minecraft/bin/minecraft . jar/assets/minecraft/textures . after you find whichever . png file you wish to edit , extract it and open it in one of the two image editing programs . find the texture for the block you wish to edit and erase it . make sure not to erase any of the nearby blocks because if you are replacing the . png it will be permanent . just in case back up the original . png . if you cannot locate the default texture using this method then a simple google search should help you find it . also , please note that if you do do this , there will be a bit of a glitch that makes you kinda " see " through the world if the bedrock is placed next to a nearby block . this should not really heppen though since bedrock is not usually obtainable in survival . if in creative then you have been warned . also please note that in future updates , mojang will be introducing invisible barriers for adventure maps .
i would say that it deals 215% of your dps . dps = damage per second , so you multiply that value by 2.15 to get the damage per second . i do not think that it has dot , only the time that you hit an enemy counts . to get info of cost over time i would measure how long does it take to get your ap down to 0 . then you use a simple formula : costovertime = ( yourmaxap-20 ) /timespent no idea , did not find any information for it no , only the initial cost of 20 ap is removed hope it helps
yes , they do . i got the achievement for beating isaac with isaac after doing it in a challenge .
bugs respawn like grass and monsters . there is no harm in killing them other than needing to leave the area and come back to capture them . ( plus the long-lasting and appropriate stain on your conscience . you murdered a butterfly . )
you can freely join leagues ( like the ugc ) to get yourself noticed . you may also be able to network with other players and build your own team . another option is to pug for competitive teams . idle on irc ( like gamesurge ) and offer your services .
i noticed that the game automatically saves : after buying or selling from a store when you have reached a checkpoint in a quest when you have finished a quest when you enter a quest area after you liberate an outpost quest is defined here as a story-mission , a mission from the job board at outposts ( hunting , assassination ) or a trial of the rakyat challenge .
upon playing further , tolir took until the ripe old age of 77 to pass . hrane ( now 48 ) has returned to claim the throne of norway , along with a pleasant surprise : hrane now has a nice starting prestige of 279 ( +200 ) and a bump of the royal coffers by 200 as well . be aware , i was prompted that being a member of the varangian guard is dangerous , so i am assuming that members are more likely to die than if they were sitting in a court . however , if you have more than one valid heir ( even a chaste-craven-homosexual backup ) , i would recommend sending your sons to the guard if they ask . yes , you should let your sons join the varangian guard . if they return safely , they bring +200 gold/ prestige when they return for their claims and the " varangian " trait ( +2 martial , +1 diplomacy ) .
go to the directory where you installed the game and enter the Binaries\Win32 directory , run the executable bmlauncher.exe . the default location is : C:\Program Files (x86)\CapsuleGames\Batham Arkham City - PC\Batman - Arkham City\Binaries\Win32 on 64bit windows , i suppose on 32 bit it would be C:\Program Files\CapsuleGames\Batham Arkham City - PC\Batman - Arkham City\Binaries\Win32 source
since one of the monk 's achievements ( like water ) is to dodge 15 attacks in a row , i would say #1 is accurate : each time you are attacked you have a 50% change to dodge this can further be backed up by many dodge-specced monks who can testify to dying many times due to a string of bad luck : )
perhaps you should look at jeff atwood 's blog on sound cards from may 4th , 2011 . the default , built-in sound chips on most motherboards have evolved from " totally crap " to " surprisingly decent " in the last 5 years . but besides that , in this era of ubiquitous quad core cpus nearing 4 ghz , it would be difficult to make a plausible case that you need a discrete set of silicon to handle sound processing , even for the very fanciest of 3d sound algorithms and hrtfs . if jeff is considered to be an expert , the need for eax support died when processing power became sufficent to no longer require external hardware . from the wikipedia artcile on eax : according to creative 's openal 1.1 specification , eax should be considered deprecated as a developer interface . new development should use openal 's efx interface , which covers all the eax functionality and is more tightly coupled with the overall openal framework from creative 's post explaining openal and windows vista ( and subsequently windows 7 ) : with microsoft 's decision to remove the audio hardware layer in windows vista , legacy directsound 3d games will no longer use hardware 3d algorithms for audio spatialization . instead they will have to rely upon the new microsoft software mixer that is built into windows vista . this new software mixer will give the users basic audio support for their old direct sound games but since it has no hardware layer , all eax® effects will be lost , and no individual per-voice processing can be performed using dedicated hardware processing . legacy eax games will likely not perform correctly on windows vista and windows 7 . from this march 09 , 2011 of the auzentech x-meridian 7.1 2g sound card : we cannot fault any current sound card for lacking the ability to enable eax in legacy games . eax is no longer a standard used in pc game audio . if it works in a game , it is simply a bonus to the sound card buyer . when eax came out it was necessary for games to enable eax for the game to utilize the hardware . since directsound is no longer supported game developers should be using openal , which enables hardware acceleration automatically ( if supported by the device ) or is otherwise handled through the software . the list of openal supported games is not extensive ( in my opinion ) but not all games require a highly emersive sound experience .
since the " vr support " list does not include the games that have the " oculus rift " banner ( as shown on your link to doorways : chapter 1 and 2 ) and the fact that none of the games returned by that search query have the same banner , it would seem that this is functionality that has not yet been fully implemented and/or it could be for games supporting valve 's own upcoming virtual reality hardware . however , there are a couple of manually maintained lists available ; this one on steam contains quite a few more games than are returned by the " vr support " search query but does not seem to be actively updated anymore , this one on wikipedia is about games in general that support the oculus rift , not necessarily games specific to steam , not specific to steam , but riftenabled is a wiki-like site that keeps track of rift support in games there is also the oculus rift owners group which may help you find out further information on which games directly support the oculus rift , but mainly seems to be full of tweaking games that do not officially support it yet .
as having recent experience in this field , i can tell you exactly how it goes ! if you turn apostate , the god gets angry and punishes you , which is a 10000 turn hex that reduces your speed by 20 and your pv by 20% . it can not be dispelled and it sticks even after death , because you made a god angry geez . that is the whole of it though . this is not a strong penalty and it goes away soon enough . i spent the entire punishment period fishing in my basement to curry favor to my new god ( plus a day travelling to town to buy more lures ) . switching gods is actually rather recommendable - the only things you retain for following a god are the favor-based bonuses to certain skills/stats , and the innate blessing they give ( like yacatect 's ' all collection' ) . the gifts they give you for prayer at certain levels of favor ( a servant , an item , and a weapon ) all are retained even if you switch gods , so you can always switch to get more of these from more gods . note though that servants are capped at one servant for every 10 levels in the faith skill you have ( in original , it was capped at 2 ) . just make sure you stop at whichever god you want to retain the bonuses of . of note , the festival of jure that occurs in noyel in the last month of each year , you can actually convert to following jure of healing without incurring punishment from your current god .
at this time i feel that this question cannot be answered completely . zam ( torhead ) is working on building their database which will most likely have what you are looking for eventually . for the time being i will direct you to a thread on the swtor community forums . this thread is being updated fairly regularly , has names , levels , locations , coordinates , maps , and pictures of most of the world bosses that players have found and posted on the thread . the thread has also been stickied by a community rep so it is hopefully going to become/stay a solid list . you can view this thread here -> heroic world boss list
there is an experience bar along the bottom of your center hotbar . if you hover over it , it will tell exactly your accumulated and required xp to the next level . if there is a green range on this meter , that is " rested " xp which builds quickly in rest areas ( logged on or off ) or slowly while logged off outside of rest areas . you may see a bar below the xp bar . that is the legacy bar .
the award score is the total of the points received through awards in that round . awards include ribbons , medals , attachment unlocks , and service stars . the round you get a vehicle or class service star ( 10,000 pts ) you will most likely get top award score .
the maximum number of trade offers you can get a villager to generate will depend on their profession . each time you trade the last ( right-most ) offer a villager has , two changes happen to their available trade offers : any trade offers that have been used enough times to deactivate them will be reactivated . there is a chance that a new trade offer will be added to the end of their list , which will be a different item than the trade offers currently appearing . if no new offer is added it usually means a previous offer was reoffered at a new exchange rate ( e . g . 20 wheat for an emerald changing to 19 wheat ) . therefore , if you have not traded the last offer to the point of deactivation and the villager has not yet shown you all of their trade offers , there is still a chance for them to generate more . a list of the possible trade offers by profession can be found here . if you add them all up , you get the following for the maximum number of different trade offers a given villager type can possibly make as of version 1.6.4: farmer : 14 librarian : 9 priest : 13 blacksmith : 26 butcher : 11 and i can confirm this is true for the librarian , because i maxed one out already . ; )
the starting skills make a difference of a few hours at maximum , nothing you really need to worry about . and i checked some characters of mine and it seems you do not get any skill difference in the science skills in any case . you get science 3 , and that is it . i also would not worry about the attributes , as you have a specific skill plan you should remap them immediately anyway .
win lose or draw , you are going to be doing a lot of dragon races . in order to ease the pain , i used the following process ( and i now have kairos ) : gather your stable of racers . you can check out this answer for a list of all of the races , and the elements needed for each . i suggest choosing one best dragon for each race , and leveling them to the cap ( or at least above your other dragons ) , and adding an " a " to the start of their name . this will make them easy to find when choosing a dragon for a race . be impatient . as soon as your dragon crosses the finish , the " red x " icon in the top right changes to a " green play " icon . pressing that will advance to the winners podiums without waiting for other dragons to finish . at the podiums , you can also press " spin wheel " almost immediately once the screen loads . this will save you several seconds per heat , which will add up over the hundreds of races necessary . just spin the stupid wheel . there is a lot of misinformation about methods to control the result of the wheel . while i am not sure if the result is predetermined , or simply uncontrollable - i gave up trying to fix the odds and just spun as fast as i could . if it is possible to control , it is damn hard - and i would say the time you save by just spinning it and moving on is worth it in the long run . i ended up pulling it off with no gems spent , so i can confirm it is possible . while it is nice to have him , keep in perspective that his ability is on a 4 day cool down and it is not that amazing in my humble opinion . in other words , do not feel like you are missing out on that much if you do not have him yet - just keep racing .
he is actually very easily countered , as he specializes in countering standard mid mages , you just need to pick less common things to counter him , which does not happen as much in solo queue . for instance , fizz , talon or any ad carry all counter him quite easily and make his laning phase quite miserable . and if he gets behind , he needs to roam to get kills , and organized teams are a lot better at avoiding random jumps from him , due to warding , enhanced map awareness and better communication . so essentially , it is too complicated to get ahead with him in a tournament and is not worth the risk .
if you go your steam library and select " add a game"-> " add a non-steam game " then find the executable for bf:bc2 , this will show your friends when you are playing bc2 . you will also be able to access the in-game overlay for pming your steam friends and using the browser . sadly , it will not show any details about the server you are on , just that you are playing it . this is the best you can currently integrate non-steam games into steam ( games that do not have a steam-activatable key , at least ) .
try using the unrelenting force shout to knock him down from there . if that does not work and you are playing on pc , try using the console command tcl to noclip up to him or click him in the console and input the command moveto player .
from what it looks like you can not use multiple wireless controllers through cronusmax at once . although it does look like you can use one cronusmax in addition to 3 normal controllers . this provides information regarding non-hub controller support , but the original link does state that you can only use one controller through the adapter at once . so i am going to say you can only use one .
every mass effect 2 save file has a " questcompletion " variable that can be one of three values . gibbed 's save editor has dubbed these , " quest incomplete " , " lived to fight again " , and " went out in a blaze of glory " . there is no " mission complete " save generated by me2 like there is in me1 . instead , every save file has this variable in one of the three states . presumably , only saves where shepard " lived to fight again " will be viable to import , as bioware has previously stated dead commander shephards will not be importable into me3 . ( and obviously , you can not import without beating the game ) . ( related : stackexchange-url when importing into mass effect 3 , you get to pick the actual save to import ( i.e. . , quick , auto , or manual ) . your save is always current , so there should be no worry about keeping your save " updated " , other than simply saving normally from playing the game .
my response to the new question : your tv is probably telling you what the input resolution is , not what it is displaying . my response to the original question . . . a couple of possible reasons : you had have to have fantastic eyesight and be sitting very close to the tv to notice the difference between 720p and 1080p on a 32" screen . it is possible you are getting full 1080p on your screen but you just can not see the difference . some sources say that you need a 55" tv to see the difference between 720p and 1080p at normal distances from tvs . many ps3 titles are in 720p not in 1080p - are you sure you are watching a 1080p source ?
it is totally impossible to be able to tell if someone is ' cheating ' unless you go to their house and check their phone browser history for any of those word helping websites . other than that , what is to say they are not just good with words ? it is also important to note that the complexity of the word or length mean nothing in comparison to playing the game well . knowing words helps , but dropping those big point letters on the triple letters and dropping those big point words on the triple words is what nets you the big points . i bet you could score 100 point with the word zoo if you placed it well enough . words with friends is a lot of strategy not just word knowledge . a couple tips to beat them at their own game . take longshots : what is the worst that can happen if you try to put in a word that is not real ? it is not like someone is looking over your shoulder saying " haha you loser , you do not even know what a word is . " . try to land those high letters on those triples . do not set them up : if you are making a word , be very concious of where they will be able to go next round with your word . did you just open up a path to a double word ? a triple word ? make sure you are leaving them with basically nothing awesome .
from https://help.ea.com/article/mass-effect-3-day-one-patch patch notes : fixed issue with disconnection during purchase flow fixed issue with 64kbps connection . fixed issue with multiplayer consumables . fixed issue with multiple " connection failed " messages sent to users . fixed hang when returning to mission computer from squad in pause menu when both the system language and in-game text language are set to japanese . fixed several minor dlc related issues fixed crash on windows xp on minimum spec pc . fixed lighting and shading on minimum spec pcs . fixed potential crash when loading with quick resume .
the only stat tracking that is available currently , is what is shown in your profile . you can access someone else 's ( or your own ) profile by right clicking on their name or portrait and clicking " view profile " - at the window appearing in the top left corner , is the stats mentioned . the stats shown track achievement points total elite kills total gold gathered highest hardcore level lifetime kills ( note that these stats are not specific for each character , but rather account-wide , spanning all your hero characters on the specific server you are currently on . )
the biome generator has changed between different game updates , and the server is assigning a biome based on the seed , but not generating new terrain . i have several desert areas discovered during alpha that are now considered tundra or arctic , and are as such covered with snow .
beyond skill points and level , i am aware of no other factors that directly affect axton 's turret damage ( ignoring things like slag , which are properties of the entity being attacked , not of axton or his turret ) . it is worth noting that the dahl engineer class mod provides sentry skill points , which will increase the turret 's dps ( though not the damage per hit ) .
it is part of a map/character multiplayer dlc which is not yet released . if you group your aciii content by category , it will show these trophies their own section from the non-dlc trophies .
i found a way to connect to easily connect to private servers using a hacked wii to play the game using devolution , a gamecube emulator that can emulate the broadband adapter . following the details from this youtube viedo i was able to log into both the schtserv that troylatroy referenced as well as the l33tserv . i recently hacked my friend 's wii and set this up for him so if there are any further questions feel free to message me .
channeled abilities , in starcraft and elsewhere , have two primary implications : the unit can do nothing else while casting the ability . if the unit is killed/stunned/interrupted then the effect ends prematurely or the final result does not occur . this is true in starcraft , warcraft , dota , and many other games . it is interesting to note that all the games i can think of that use channeled spells ( and refer to them with that phrase ) are made by , or originated with , blizzard .
i have taken half an hour just looking through the auction house , and i have taken my own experience and various forum posts into account , and these are my findings : the maximum number of sockets per equipment type varies . it seems to be independent of item rarity ( magic and rare items , legendaries are something special ) . instead , it seems to depend entirely on the body type of the item . these are the maximums i was able to identify : first of all : shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots can not have sockets at all ( more on that later ) . helmets , rings , amulets , weapons , and offhands : one socket pants two sockets chest armor three sockets legendary items are a special case : they always have a certain fixed amount of sockets per named item , but just for completeness : the maximum number of sockets on legendaries i could find was two . there is something i have to add about shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots : even though there seem to be no belts with sockets , it is theoretically still possible that belts can have sockets , and simply nobody has found one yet . i come to this conclusion from a simple fact : shoulders , gloves , and boots have no search option for " has sockets " in the auction house , indicating that it is indeed not possible for them to have one . belts , however , do have this search option . it is entirely possible that blizzard just left it in by accident , though . another interesting fact about items and sockets : items have a fixed amount of random properties ( this can differ , even for same rarity and body placement ) . when an item is dropped , or identified , the contents of these properties are randomly rolled out . sockets , no matter how many there are in the item slot , take up exactly one of these random properties . this make for an interesting conclusion : if you are unlucky , sockets may take away important stats from your item . in general , pure item stats will always be higher than you could at to it with gems . for example , perfect strength gems provide +22 strength . in comparison , items of roughly the same level seem to hit an upper cap of around +60 strength . this means that if you , for example , identify a rare chest armor piece and it finds +50 vitality , +20 experience per kill and +1.2% chance to stun on hit , plus one socket , then that last socket could have been a slot for +50 strength , whereas now you can only try to compensate for it with gems . on the contrary , however , this becomes a nice bonus when you actually want to stack a certain stats . items can not roll the same bonus stat twice . if we go with the example from above , you now can circumvent this fact by adding another +22 vitality gem into the socket , thus giving you even more life on the item ( good for tanks , for example ) . this thread discusses all of this ( notice bashiok 's post later in the thread , acknowledging these facts ) .
water elevators still work , but must be constructed differently . originally , you only needed " flowing " water to make your boat rise : however , boats no longer rise in water which is flowing straight down . instead , you must construct the entire shaft out of water source blocks , which takes somewhat more time : here 's a video of ethos repairing his boat elevator after the change :
via a reverse image search of this piece , i found the game . it is called battleheart ( google play link | ios appstore link ) .
the shop only has the materials that you sell to it . this ' telepathic shop ' is the same as the ones you visit on the road . every now and then a message will appear " shop restocked " meaning if they run out of something at some point , a small portion of the available materials have been restocked .
make another exit : map.placeObject(10,10, 'exit'); 
yes , mainly because zoltun kulle is an act 2 boss . act 2 drops can yield tier 17 items , where act 1 can only yield tier 16 items . to get the best drops possible you have to farm act 3 . while the drops probabilities should be somewhat equal between the two , the second one can drop better items
32 bit games can run 64 bit windows , typically without any issues . older 16 bit games designed for windows xp or earlier will not run on windows vista/7 64 bit . many times , software and games will claim they do not run on a particular operating system ( windows vista 64 bit in this case ) simply because they do not want to allocate resources to test on that particular system or support it . according to this forum post , medal of honor : airborne runs just fine on vista 64 bit .
there is an auto run button which you can configure , as i did , to something like the thumb button on your mouse . then you can point at a target and hit auto run , but you will have to aim at them . there is a follow mechanic in game but it only works on fellow player characters !
i had solved the problem . looks like the problem was with my led button to increase the sound , over the keybord . ubuntu detects it as a input device . xmoto try to detect the input devices to able joysticks so this " running sudo ln -s /dev/input/js0 /dev/js1 and sudo ln -s /dev/input/js1 /dev/js0 solves the problem to me . js0 device is my led button . js1 device is my joystick .
after a little researching on the web i can not find much evidence that the days passed has a sizable effect . from tvtropes . org : there do not appear to be any time limits on quests whatsoever . even when the quest in question involves providing first aid to a woman who got knifed and is lying on the street groaning and writhing in pain . the only thing i have found it to be useful for is farming reagents from trueachievements . com reagents are also on a 2 day respawn ( expect for seaflax which is 3 days ) , if your farming a certain reagent be sure to sleep in a bed to make it spawn again .
mostly , it is an aesthetic thing so people can see how much you have played the game . you gain experience points towards your player level for pretty much everything that you do while playing . even losing a match grants you experience points , although not as many as winning a match . almost everything in the game is also unlockable simply through having a specific player level . there are alternate requirements for some things , but the developers wanted to make sure that even people who did not go out of their way to specifically unlock some characters would be able to get everything . if you beat the story mode and just play a lot in whatever other mode you enjoy , you will eventually have access to everything the game has to offer . it has no direct impact on gameplay , except that you may not be able to use certain characters until you unlock them .
you cannot change your stats or class in a new game plus . your class and stats and gear remain from the prior playthrough . your followers ' stats reset and can be allocated differently .
i managed to figure this one out . here 's a picture of the finished design : here 's another picture of the same model : both of these images come from a compressed version of the device , but it is difficult to tell what is going on . here 's a much less compact version which is easier to understand . keep in mind that the components are still the same in this version , just more spread out . here are the various components : red is the input . blue is a standard and gate . yellow is a falling edge trigger . green is simply a delay circuit . orange is a piston t flip-flop , as seen here in design m . purple is the output . this works by using the t flip-flop as a " lock " to stop the input from going through the and gate . the falling edge trigger creates a pulse when the and gate goes from on to off , toggling the t flip-flop . the delay circuit then toggles the t flip-flop again , reopening the and gate . the design can be fairly compact , but is a little slow . if speed is an issue , you could definitely speed it up by doing these things : change the t flip-flop to an rs nor latch . bypass the and gate when handling the input with the rs nor latch . remove as many torches in the design as possible by using an inverted latch . if speed is an issue and you can not figure out those modifications , i can try and add them to my design and post it . just leave a comment . in my case , speed was not an issue , so i used this design instead . take your pick .
i do not know if it is possible , i had leliana joining but there was a black screen so it was not so much fun . . . maybe morrigan must loves you for joining . howewer you are losing nothing . really :p
the difference lie in the boats . navy troops are fewer than their land equivalent , making them weaker too , but naval ships are by far better than transport ships and also come in several variations . some of the ships can destroy an enemy transport by ramming it only once even frontally , others can be particularly fast , allowing you to flee from or intercept any transport ship . also , siege ships built in the harbour actually have siege weapons . a siege transport on the other hand only transports the troops that man the siege weapons , making land siege units pretty useless in naval battles ; similarly , a cavalry transport only contains the riders , not the mounts ; such ships cannot be built however and only exist as transports .
the game intentionally does not allow you to quit without saving ( or abandoning ) and does not allow you to have more than one save per fort . the idea is that there is no going back . losing is supposed to be fun . however , you can get around this problem with a little trickery . save the game . then make a copy of your game folder . then keep playing . if you want to load the previous save , just delete your current game folder and replace it with the old one . it is a lot of work , but it gets the job done .
i think those people misled you . soul fire is not going to be your " main nuke " , no matter what . so , unless you want to use it anyway because you want to play an odd game ( a fine thing to do if you really want to ) , you had better stick with the correct spells to cast to achieve best results . since in wow what really matters to most people in only the raid boss fights during the endgame , i doubt you will find any serious ej-backed study about spell priorities while leveling . you have two ways to decide what is best to do . way a : do , as much as you can , what you will have to do once you reach the endgame ( link ) . it will not be the best you can do to maximise killing speed , but you will get used to some patterns you will have to follow when the things get tough ( i.e. . : raids ) . way b : do it yourself , i.e. read carefully the spell and talent descriptions , study the comments you can find around the net , try both on dummy targets and on real mobs what works best .
' portal standing ' and ' peek-a-portal ' do not work the same as they did before , but the same effects can still be achieved . here 's something cool done in p2 with peek-a-portal : here , while peeking through the orange portal to the blue side he is able to place another blue portal from the blue side while moving back to the orange side . just like peek-a-portal from portal 1 . as for portal standing , you can not use the ledge of a portal as a place to stand even while switching portal locations , but by carefully jumping through a portal and back , placing a new portal in between . you can jump from your blue portal , to orange , place a blue , and come back out the new blue side , even if there is no way to touch ground on the orange side . an example can be seen in at 0:09 of this level 5 speed-run : a bit later in that same video , there is a third glitch you have not mentioned yet , guy uses something he describes as " portal change cube grab " . it takes him 3 tries , but basically , he switches the location of the blue portal just as the cube is falling through the blue portal , and he is able to grab the cube as it is leaving the orange portal but before it is launched away . maybe this is not a glitch , because the mechanics make perfect sense , you just have to be really fast . it probably was not an intended solution though .
sw does not proc loh , so using it will never add anything with a sw build , however , it would not be taking away anything either . sw does proc ls but at 45% of weapon damage ( with 3 stacks ) and only 20% effectiveness in inferno , you had be needing to do much higher damage than what you had be doing in mp3 for it to make a huge difference . for example if your weapons do 2000 dps then 5% loh should work out something like this 2000 * .45 * .2 * .05 = 5  or 2000 weapon damage with 3 stacks of sw , and one enemy would work out to about 9 life regen . that is if the proc coefficient on sw is 1 , if it is lower then so is the number ( i coudln't find what the proc coefficient was ) . also not sure how your offhand weapon figures into the weapon damage calculation . of course this number should go up if you get swarmed but even with 10 enemies in your sw that is only 90 life regen , if they have trapped you on top of a ground effect , that probably will not save you .
you should probably mention your build , so we know which skills you have a your disposal . as i recall , god’s wrath , maybe firestorm , are quite effective , but you may not have those spells . the unofficial wiki has a slew of tips for you .
as far as i know when you hack a portal there is a certain probability that you get nothing . as well as there is a probability to get a good loot . my observations : hacking enemy portals has a much higher " no item " probability , my estimates would be around 50% hacking the same portal several times in a row , significantly increases " no item " probability . i had an opportunity to hack the same portal 5 times within 30 minutes ( this by the way causes burn out ) 2 days in a row , usually at least 2 of later trying ( 3-5 ) did not bring me any items except sometimes a portal key . portal key has a different " accqire " probability than items i believe if while hacking you jump out of portal 's reach you also get a " no items " message , but i have to test this to confirm
i went ahead , bought the game , and sadly the save files are not compatible . the save file of the retail version is named : Persona 4 ARENA  while the psn version is called Persona 4 ARENA [DL]  why this is the case is beyond me . the fact that i will not be able to use my old save file is very depressing .
ok , here 's how you do it . go install autohotkey . after it is installed , it'll create a script in my documents folder . edit it , and add the following in there : LButton::h RButton::g Shift::u Xbutton2::y ^!q::ExitApp  this corresponds to the combat settings in-game ( which you cannot change to mouse clicks normally ) . so , in game , h is normal attack , g is strong attack , etc . the script remaps lbutton and rbutton to h and g respectively and then shift to u ( hold shift now raises the shield ) . i also set xbutton2 ( which is the browser-back button ) to parry ( y in game ) , but your mileage may vary depending on if you even have that button . finally , ctrl+alt+q will quit autohotkey . so what you do is this : start the game , spawn your character . tab out of the game , start autohotkey , then tab back into the game ( keep in mind your clicks are now disabled so you will have to use alt+tab to enter the game ) ta-da ! old dark souls control scheme .
unless looking fly in your pimped out moon ride somehow leads to improved driving performance on your part ( the euphoria gives you better reflexes or something or more likely a better colour scheme makes it easier to see and therefore you can react more quickly ) , customizations in lunar racer do not make you a better racer . to quote a review of lunar racer , " the customizations do not actually improve the attributes or performance of your vehicle , but it allows you to personalize its appearance . " each class of upgrades , body , canopy , wheels and nitro only change the appearance of your vehicle and do nothing else for it . the offensive and defensive weapons on the other hand serve useful purposes .
my husband and i do this very thing , so yes it works . to clarify and restate , i bought one copy of the game and used the online code for my gamertag . my husband bought an online code for 800 ms points ( $10 ) with his gamertag . i use one of the game 's discs and he uses the other . we play multiplayer with no issues whatsoever . you have to purchase the extra online code by booting up the game with a gamertag that does not currently have the multiplayer unlocked . select multiplayer and follow the onscreen instructions there . you can not buy it from xbox . com or anything like that .
you learn some information about the prothean war with the reapers , but not very much . his comments about the topic mostly focus on how his race got wiped out . with basically no more information about the reapers themselves . he does talk a lot about the way prothean society operated , how the empire spread , their views on race , culture , warfare etc . mostly you learn just how wrong the asari are about prothean society . liara is not impressed . i second him being a racist jerk .
your squad mates will use there power on what ever target you have your focus on ( indicated by the red corners around the target ) when you use there move/attack command ( default on pc is Q and E ) when bringing up the command hud ( default on pc is Left Shift ) you can change what target is in focus by moving the camera over other targets . other wise they will use them at will , unless they have a limited number of charges like grenades or you change the option for power use in the option> gameplay menu .
all right , now that the dust has settled a bit and the community has had some time to investigate thoroughly , the closest thing that we have to 100% confirmation right now is that all of the " unknown " navigators from my original question can be earned from score attack . ( there are scattered reports of other methods , such as mike 's answer , but none that have been verifiably proven to work consistently that i am aware of . ) therefore , the closest thing i know of to an authoritative list at the moment is as such : teddie : clear story mode completely mitsuru : complete 100% of one character 's challenges nanako : beat score attack mode with yu , elizabeth , naoto , and shadow labrys aigis : beat score attack mode with aigis , labrys , and mitsuru fuuka : beat score attack mode with yukiko , akihiko , and kanji yosuke : beat score attack mode with yosuke , chie , and teddie for those who are absolutely dead-set to earn these unlocks by hand without resorting to spending money ( or who wish to earn the achievements associated with them ) , note that you can slowly lame out a win against the ai via liberal application of the pause button . ( simply pause the game to see what move the opponent is performing , react appropriately , then repeat . ) i will edit this answer if atlus ever releases official unlock details .
generally speaking , as a weapon-using character , there is not going to be much difference between a bound weapon and a physical one . so , to answer your first question , the other trees useful to your path will be the same ones that are useful to any bow/battleaxe-wielding character . as for armor choices , you might want to take a look at this question about warrior armor types , or this one about two-handed warrior mages . finally , since bound weapons are roughly equivalent in strength to daedric weapons , i see no reason why using them on master difficulty would not be viable .
valve used to show some statistic of team fortress 2 map at this page . but unfortunately they have recently removed maps statistic in favor of leaderboards and achievements only . another good source of tf2 data stats is tf2stats .net, but at the moment it shows only the popular maps and map saturation history . could be that in future they will add more info . update : i found a link to official Valve's Team Fortress 2 Stats via google : here . it does not contain custom maps stats , but only official maps .
per the klei forum : it only affects the resources above ground in sandbox mode ( i.e. not adventure mode , not in caves ) . there was not much of a discussion , but you can read it here .
as mentioned , they follow you for a time as they did the first time , and only after where it would have asked " do you want x to join your party " the second disappears . the brief bits of bonus dialogue are as follows : double templar after releasing and talking with the " warrior " templar : why have you come here , brother ? warrior : one of our number has forsaken his vows and joined the demonic coven that infests this fallen cathedral . templar : damn that traitor ! we will make him pay . after re-arming templar : evil cowers at the sight of just one templar . two will bring it to its knees . after killing jondar he simply waits at the top of the steps then disappears . double scoundrel after meeting the clone : scoundrel ( 1 ) : wait , are not you from the guild ? how could i forget a handsome devil like you ! scoundrel ( 2 ) : why , yes , of course ! it is good to see you again ! he simply leaves when you start his quest at the waypoint . double enchantress after getting the first quest from her : [ your ] enchantress : she seems very familiar . . . at the roadblock : enchantress : you must be one of my sisters ! how wonderful it is to see you again . after the bridge she simply leaves .
you are in luck . gog . com sells the entire police quest series for ten bucks on their website . this includes launchers that'll let you run the games in windows 7 .
backstabs are always crits , and crits do not stack in any way , so critboosts will not help deal extra damage to giant robots . to get more damage out of such backstabs you will need to upgrade your knife .
it impacts combats : enemies are stronger but , more importantly , light orbs to recharge igniculus will not spawn as fast and there will not be any hp/mp refill wishes . playing in hard mode makes the combats much more strategic .
depends on the ammo type you want to create . for instance , you can not produce any of the specialty 9mm ammo yourself - it all has to be bought from vendors . specialty ammo can be produced in the following varieties : . 308 , jsp hand load - increased damage . . 357 magnum , jfp hand load - increased damage , armor penetration , and reduced spread . . 45-70 government , swc hand load - increased damage , huge armor penetration . . 50 mg match hand load - increased damage , reduced spread . 10mm , jhp hand load - increased damage , at the cost of increased target armor . 12 ga . coin shot - a cheaper variant of buckshot . 12 ga . slug , 20 ga . slug - reduced spread . 12 ga . magnum , 20 ga . magnum - increased damage . additionally , all energy weapon cells ( energy cell , microfusion cell , and electron charge packs ) , can be produced in both over charge and max charge varieties for increased damage . note : many of these ammunition types , in addition to doing increased damage , will cause the durability of your gun to decay substantially faster . use only as needed , and with caution !
weakness/winning counter : short answer helions ( w/blueflame ) and banshees . a counter build like this was featured the other day on day9 dailies ( #258 ) . he has an excellent video up interviewing the guy who perfected this tvt counter build . the build is fairly technical but does not require exceptional apm with its weakness possibly being thors . summary : helions roar in devastate the marines , and banshees cleanup the tanks as helions retreat . this build only requires 2port 2fact for a long time , reducing the need for other production buildings . it seems a key to this build you should maintain air superiority . basic build goes something like this ( taken from iechoic 's post ) : 10 supply 12 rax 13 ref 15 oc 15 make one marine , then queue another ( only make 2 marines ) 16 supply 17 ref ( supply counts discontinued from here keep making scvs nonstop ) factory factory tech lab on rax swap first factory onto rax make 1 hellion and get preigniter make 1 hellion on second factory clear xelnagas with hellion starport starport supply drop ( see faq ) medivac poke up ramp with a hellion , try to scout composition build order discontinued here , starport production is dependent on opponent 's composition iechoic 's excellent forum post . http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=189624
use the keys for rudder control . by default they are num pad 0 and numpad enter . use num pad 5 to quickly center the rudder while taxiing . here is a good keyboard reference for fs2004 . http://www.nrick.net/html/fs2004_keyboard_.html
the system tries to match you up with similarly " ranked " players with the same available map packs . if it can not do that , it will try to match you up with players with a subset of the same available map packs . all of this is automatic and seamless . i have two 360 's and for a while one of them did not have the map pack installed . i did not notice a lack of games . my friends do not have the map pack , they join my party and we play as usual . no special hoops to jump through .
you seem to be doing only unknown maps in multiplayer . you can also play specific maps corresponding to those sectors . you will get a higher increase in that sector then and a smaller one in all the other sectors . the unknown maps have a potential boost of 5% everywhere , the specific maps a potential boost of 10% to that sector and less everywhere else . the actual boost you get depends on your performance on the map . the global readiness rating is just the average of all the sector ratings .
nocturne to me is an " anti-carry " . make sure to play him in a team that can handle you not being around them in a teamfight . after you dispatch their squishy carry , fear the most disruptive member of their team to minimize their impact and then focus on the next highest priority target .
you get a pin and trophy for completing the main path levels in each world ( i.e. . challenge levels do not count ) . when you complete all the main path levels in the game , you get another pin and trophy . that is it . of course , along the way , you collect a lot of prize bubbles , both in the game and for completing each level . these help when creating your own levels .
no . it does not work . attempted it tonight in hm ev on the first and second bosses . no debuff applied either time .
the ratio of crafting exp to character exp changes depending on your level and your crafting level . craft level 1-100: each craft level grants 1% of the exp required for character level up . craft level 101-200: 2% craft level 201-300: 3% craft level 301-400: 4% so , leveling a craft from 1-400 yields enough experience to gain 10 character levels , regardless of your current level . leveling all crafting disciplines to maximum will take a character to level 80 . interestingly , the experience gain is weighted toward higher crafting levels , so , for example , leveling all crafts to 100 would only grant 8 character levels , compared to the 10 gained by maxing out a single craft .
try to use hamachi to connect two computers in lan and download a program called aoe loader . open the aoe loader and select the hamachi ip and try playing the game . this worked for me . hope it works for you too .
nope , gold and orbs must be run over ( within a certain range ) to be picked up and , like past diablo games , items must be clicked on within a certain range to be picked up . you can increase the automatic gold pickup range with magic items that have the range property . if you are out of range of an item , your character will move to a spot close to the item you clicked and pick it up .
no , the second cast of distortion does not trigger lich bane to empower your next auto attack . video reference : watch the spellblade buff on leblanc 's buff bar - you may need to watch it a few times . when you see the spellblade buff your next auto attack is empowered , and the buff lasts for a number of seconds before you lose the empowered attack ( you can see a countdown effect ) . every additional ability used without making an empowered attack refreshes the spellblade buff . this means that if the spellblade buff is not refreshed by using an ability , then that ability does not activate spellblade . if you watch the video , you can see leblanc jump forward with distortion , granting her the spellblade buff from sheen . when she uses sigil of silence shortly after , the buff is refreshed . however , when she returns by re-activating distortion , the buff is not refreshed . since the buff is not refreshed on the second cast of distortion , the second cast of distortion will not activate lich bane . i would safely guess that this also applies to the second cast of mimic : distortion .
if you are lucky enough to end up in a lake with rock or dirt sides ( not sand ) you can dig 3 sideways into the bank and 2-3 up to create an air pocket to jump up into : from there you can dig your way out . i have done this so often i can now do it in pitch black darkness . maybe i should learn to look before i leap . . .
always prevent a slide out of a valley by holding your finger down at the lowest part of the dip . but let your finger off after coming out of the valley to get some height and speed . when you hit the ground , again hold your finger down to prevent a slide . repeat . basically , you are letting your finger off at the very last moment of leaving a valley and holding it down on the way in to prevent a slide .
in order to save your jungle , you need to act quickly to contain it completely . dig a gap that is at least four blocks wide surrounding the entire corruption . note - on the bottom side , corruption will send down hanging vines that will spread corruption , so you must also line the bottom with a non-corruptible material like wood . if it is not feasible to contain all the corruption this way , the best you can do is isolate some parts of the jungle and underground jungle with a four-block wide border , so you have at least some jungle to work with until you get a clentaminator and enough green to cleanse the corruption - which will allow the jungle to spread to those tiles again .
the quickest way is to start the quest " legacy of cain " and use the waypoint to the old ruins . look for the old keepsake box at the locations marked by red x . once found or not ( it could have spawned at the the old tristram road ) , leave the game and resume . repeat until all 6 journals are found . update : from further testing , the box appears most often in those 2 locations i have marked . if not found , try looking at the other locations mentioned in rill 's answer .
you can ask your follower to wait in a location ( breezehome ) . kill heimskr , get rid of your bounty , and ask your follower to follow you again .
the word “tier” has nothing to do with armor , it is just another word for a rank . in wow , it means how good your armor set is . in tor it is used to describe how much along the light or dark side you are . some armor has restriction for for example “tier i dark side” , but there is no single tier i armor or armor set .
let 's look at what is happening : minecraft is trying to do something which returns 0xc0000005 . in ntstatus.h , a list of error code definitions , 0xc0000005 is STATUS_ACCESS_VIOLATION . msdn - analyze crashes to find security vulnerabilities in your apps reports : access violation exceptions ( status_access_violation ) are generated by modern processors when a memory access caused by an instruction or program execution does not satisfy certain conditions defined by the processor architecture or memory management unit structures . so , we now know that minecraft does something that causes invalid memory access . but , what exactly is minecraft doing ? here we see , minecraft tries to allocate an opengl device context buffer in memory . the thread mentioned by ben blank has a different stack trace and thus is irrelevant . we first have to get more knowledge about your memory , which you gave : i noticed that the command that the minecraft . jar file is being run with says that it can have up to 1024mb of ram . i only have ~500mb of ram , so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location . i also notice a gl issue , which i am not really sure how to fix . given that low amount of memory , i am going to guess that your graphics card uses 128 mb shared memory which means that it uses ram memory to operate . i am guessing that your windows uses another 100 mb . there is only 250 mb of memory remaining for minecraft , and your page file . minecraft uses from 512 mb to 1 gb , consider that playing minecraft will cause disk trashing . VM Arguments: jvm_args: -Xms512m -Xmx1024m  so , now , where does the problem lie ? " so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location " -- no . just because you tell it it is allowed to use 1024 mb does not mean it ignores allocation errors when it runs out of space and creates invalid addresses out of thin air to reference . for all i know it would not even matter , windows would just give it space in the page file . - matthew read this comment on the question is not 100% correct , there are exceptions that do not use the page file . exactly , opengl device context buffers must be in ram ; the solution is to buy more ram . i doubt if 1 gb will do the job given that minecraft can use up to 1 gb ; better to be safe than sorry and get 2 gb to avoid future problems . this also makes sure you do not experience disk trashing to the page file , which can have a great impact on the performance . . . or well , i could be all wrong and it could be a driver problem . but seriously , 512 mb is not enough . . .
as far as i know all psp games work on all psp consoles . the only exception to this are games that are only available on umd discs . these games will not work on the psp go because it does not have a umd drive . so the download version of monster hunter freedom unite will work on all psp consoles . the umd version will work on all psp consoles except the psp go . the download version ( only ) will also work on the ps vita . the psp 2000 , psp 3000 , psp e1000 , psp go models have twice the ram as the original psp 1000 , but this memory is not directly usable by games . it will not make a difference in terms of features , but might improve loading times because it is used as a cache for umd accesses . the europe only psp e1000 budget model does not support wifi so networking features of games will not work with this model . the psp 3000 has an improved screen , though some people complained about a noticeable interlacing-like effect with this model . other than that the differences between the versions is physical , with the models getting progressively smaller . the psp go was a major redesign in terms of layout , while the other models have minor button adjustments .
most of what you are looking for can be found on the borderlands wiki however , to answer the questions about your specific bosses : skyscraper - it spawns under the separate broken highway against the far edge of the map , at nearly a straight connecting line from the world 's largest bullet and thirsty the midget . skagzilla - he is part of the mission big game hunter in dahl headlands , and he respawns inside the pen area . motorhead - motorhead respawns every 15 minutes at the quest location . mothraak - mothraak respawns when you approach the torches . rakk hive - the rakk hive is a special type of boss respawn which only happens after you have beaten playthrough 2 . his location remains unchanged from the quest location . crawmerax - he is always in the usual spot , he respawns when you leave/reenter the area . most of these bosses respawn when you restart your game unless otherwise stated . as for xp gain , it entirely depends on your level . farming bosses typically is not worth doing for xp , but rather for drops . this question is also pertinent if you want to get lots of xp .
your hard drive is most likely trying to crash or has some bad data on it . there are a few options . ps3 can restore the file system/database which gets damaged if the ps3 crashes or when the system hangs when trying to do something and you soft reset . to restore : turn off ps3 so the red light is on . hold and keep holding the power button . the console will turn on , and eventually turn off again . once off , with the red light on again , press and hold the power button . you will hear one beep , another single beep after that , and then two beeps in a row . after the two beeps , let go of the power button so it does not turn off again and you will end up in the system recovery menu . from here there are a few options . now this is important , do not click on ' restore ps3' . that will wipe the hdd clean . this should only be your last resort ! ! what you want is the other two options , ' restore ps3 database ' , and ' restore ps3 file system ' . if those do not work , you can try doing a restore or if you know what you are doing , it is super easy and cheap to just upgrade your hard drive and get more space anyway ! : ) instructions and specs you need for doing that are here : http://www.gamespot.com/features/how-to-upgrade-your-playstation-3-hard-drive-6176090/
heh , i still do not know how to find it for sure , but looks like if you fly no too far from stations , ( 8-10 km ) you will find some flying objects ( old broken stations ) and those scouts are spawned here . may be try to find were are active fights and check those places . . .
this is entirely situational . if their ad carry is out of place and you have the window to take him out then by all means do so . but if he is in the back you will just get yourself killed . i think this is common sense . you will have to stay disciplined and act if you have the window of opportunity . otherwise just dps the one who is in your range . prioritize squishies over tanks but if you only have a tank in range then hit him . some damage is better than no damage .
if you receive a punishment you will be informed the reason for the punishment and what the punishment is . however , if you are currently awaiting judgement by the tribunal you are not informed . this is because there is no reason to tell people they are on tribunal , it just causes them to worry unnecessarily if they did not deserve it . not informing players also prevents players from trying to manipulate tribunal because they do not know they are currently awaiting judgement . as you found out , the issue with not being able to pass judgement is unrelated . i believe you can still pass judgement on other players while awaiting judgement yourself , though this may have been changed .
staircase mining is more effective than quarry mining . since mining a 2 wide staircase shaft , each block you mine reveals 3 new blocks , and on discovering a mineral you branch out to clear the vein . with quarry mining in most cases you just reveal 1 unseen block , the one below you , which makes it very inefficient . more effective even than a staircase shaft would be branch mining : you mine long tunnels of 1x2 next to each other with 2 solid blocks in between them . you can stack them on top of each other too , again with 2 solid blocks in between . this reveals the most blocks in a solid mass ( all of them ) with the least of digging , so the chance of finding something is greater . there are even more effective ways of mining if you use mods . i am currently playing ftb unleashed , a mod pack . it includes some completely automated options that require a little or more work to set up first , but which save time in the end . some of these options are : automated quarry mining turtle arcane bore
the short answer is no . you can not . source : look at thresian 's answer . to question number 2 .
if you do not press the button and wait for the morning , the hour hand will stop . the minute and second hands will keep going , but the hour hand will stop at a quarter to 6:
to color the ui together you can go to the option menu , press escape within the game . the " general settings " tab has color and opacity sliders . you cannot change each window independently however . if things do not seem to work out , try to pin/unpin or reopen windows . there where some bugs related to this back when i played but these should be fixed by now . to color individual tabs you have the ability to html code it all within the " tab name " section . for instance if you fill &lt;color=0xffE50000&gt;PVP&lt;/color&gt; at the " tab name " your overview tab title will be pvp colored in red . you first need to lookup the color code that you want to use . there are plenty of tools around , you can also look for color code tables on google like this one : then you have to paste that code between the tags of the code above . &lt;color=0xffXXXXXX&gt;title&lt;/color&gt; paste the color code over the XXXXXX and fill in the title you want to show between the opening and &lt;/closing&gt; tag . you can take this a little step further by adding more . &lt;b&gt;title&lt;/b&gt; makes the title bold . &lt;i&gt;title&lt;/i&gt; makes the title italic &lt;u&gt;title&lt;/u&gt; gives the title an under strike . &lt;fontsize=XX&gt;title&lt;/fontsize&gt; changes font size . you can combine these tags however you want , but the first tag you put should close the last , well that is just good practice in case you ever want to build " good " web pages . &lt;color=0xff00FF00&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;fontsize=14&gt;Awesome formatted tab title&lt;/fontsize&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/color&gt; 
yes a ( ic2 ) generator will trigger a new piece of coal to burn when it is internal buffer is no longer full , but that means it will burn a full piece of coal each time a machine requests some power there are several ore processing solutions available that will take processed materials from one machine to the next , though by the time you can set up most of them you do not care about fuel as much as you had have a renewable powerplant up and running as well
so , i e-mailed big sandwich games and tyler sigman replied with a very helpful answer : hi ( rapida ) , that is a great question . here are the actual values . feel free to distribute/post/etc . , if you like . the numbers in the brackets correspond to the level of the upgrade . e.g. m_flyspeed [ 1 ] is your starting state . . . level 1 . m_flyspeed [ 8 ] is fully upgraded . best regards , --tyler
there is quite a sizable list here . an extract : head to the wiseacres wizarding equipment in the leaky cauldron hub area . it can be found in diagon alley . you can enter the following codes upstairs for the desired effect . auc8eh - carrot wands h27kgc - character studs ha79v8 - character token detector
town portals will stay in place as long as you do not make a new one . so to keep your portal on floor 9 , you will have to walk back to town .
no , it does not . as usual , the ufopaedia has all the relevant information , in this case in the article about battlescape map generation . specifically , down at the bottom of the page is the description of how the game determines when and how to damage an alien craft : if the mission is against a crashed ufo , all upss present in the craft have a 75% chance to explode ( assuming the detonation of another ups does not destroy them first ) . this is performed during a hidden " first turn " ( actual game play always begins at turn 2 ) . landed ufos have this check not done thus do not get damaged . without those explosions all spawned aliens are still alive when the battle starts .
there is a lego die in lego universe . from geekdad there is a skeleton cage just past merciless ned before brig rock in gnarled fortress . avoid the stromling ape that likes to guard this area , and spin the cage 25 times to win the lego die item . to get the achievement , you have to roll a total of 100 sixes , but they do not have to be all in a row .
you are not actually powering the raised block in this instance , because . . . reasons . that block is receiving power from the torch ( and would do something if it were a redstone device ) , but you are not powering it , which sounds strange and contradictory , but that is the best i can explain it . more critically , you are not transmitting power to the block the second redstone torch is in , as the block it is on is only weakly powered , and thus can not power adjacent blocks . so in order to power the block , you need to feed a line of powered redstone into it , point a comparator or repeater into it and power that , or place a torch under it , like so : although your basic not gate ( which is what i think you are mainly interested in ) is like so : note that the second torch is on the side of the raised block . this is important .
mw3 's new point streaking system means numerous actions now count toward your killstreak rewards ; plants , defuses , captures , defends , kills , and even assists ( with hardline pro ) count now . destroying killstreak rewards ( helicopters , sams , turret guns , etc . ) will count against your killstreaks , for every strike package . these do not count toward your actual kills ( in terms of k/d ratio , leaderboards , game limits , etc . ) - only toward your killstreak rewards .
i guess i will not get any help on this , so i helped my self with the console ! i run these following commands to go to the next stage : after this the dome rises but unfortunately it did not have any lift ! but as the task of the lift was to take me inside the forge , so i use coc DLC1Bthalft01 . after this everything work fine , and i was able to complete the quest without any other console command . better than nothing : )
as seen here , different lights display different power states or notifications . solid blue : plugged in flashing blue : standby mode slow blue flash : unread message or information solid orange : charging , but powered off flashing orange : battery is going to call it quits soon there is also the so called bflod ( blue flashing light of death ) that indicates a problem with the vita itself . you can resort to the initialization menu you get by pressing the power button for 30 seconds and trying the different options there .
nephalem valor no longer exists in the game . you cannot farm it at all , no matter where you go .
the black lines from characters faces ( lita in this case ) was/is a bug in the game acknowledged by the developer . it does not look like was ever fixed . i do not remember seeing it though when i played through so maybe it was just on some video cards .
the " living story " message indicates that in anywhere from a few hours to a few days , you will receive a message in your messages tab allowing you to progress in the story .
indeed you can ! the branches do not disappear when you choose one , even when you get all the way to the end . after completing one branch , the game will save , and the second branch will still be available .
this is not really a problem with terraria , its hamachi not being able to get a direct connection to the other player and going via a relay . sometimes just restarting both hamachi clients will fix the problem , but if that does not work you should forward the port hamachi is listening on to one of you ( hamachi will try connecting from a to b and from b to a and only use a relay if neither is possible ) .
offscreen reload is only an option if you are using a light gun - it overrides button 2 of the light gun to set the position of the gun off the edge of the screen and also counts as a " fire " operation . the mame manual describes it thus : controls whether or not mame treats a second button input from a lightgun as a reload signal . in this case , mame will report the gun 's position as ( 0 , max ) with the trigger held , which is equivalent to an offscreen reload . this is only needed for games that required you to shoot offscreen to reload , and then only if your gun does not support off screen reloads . the default is off ( -nooffscreen_reload ) . i dug into the source of the input code , and found the section where it checks the offscreen_reload switch . it is only used when lightguns are used for input . the command line switch is mapped to a instance variable called " m_device . lightgun_reload_button " which is only checked if the input device is a lightgun . see src/input/emu . c for more details . therefore , this will not work with the mouse - you will have to move the cursor to the edge of the screen and press fire , and this will only work if you are playing a game that supports offscreen reload ( not all games had a " reload " function ) . it seems like it might be possible to change the source to add a feature like you had want , but that is something you had probably want to ask the developers of mame with assistance with .
these are just spare slots . the items does not exist yet , and are most likely to be included in future updates or dlc .
out of all the electronic warfare modules , the target painter is the only one that really works on npcs , since it just increases their signature . the others do have a slight chance to work on rats but npcs have a tendency to cheat when it comes to ew , so it is usually not worth it .
this video walkthrough ( warning , some nsfw dialogue ! ) recommends that you : do not fight him during his coked up phase , as he regains all his armor run away and get him tired as opposed to going gun-ho conserve health pills carefully good luck !
a quarry is a tile improvement constructed by workers on stone and marble resources . it requires the masonry tech to build . stone circles does not benefit resources requiring mines to improve like salt , iron , or gems .
this process has gotten a lot simpler since the question was originally asked . the dayz site now recommends and links a launcher which installs the mod , updates it , and even lets you launch the game from it . turns the entire process into a few simple clicks , and has the stamp of approval from the dayz team so that you do not have to worry about running an unsupported executable . for dayz to run , you need both arma ii and its expansion , operation arrowhead ( which you have if you have purchased arma 2: combined operation ) .
i have referred to this for my source on necromancer skills : http://classic.battle.net/diablo2exp/skills/necromancer-curses.shtml lower resist decreases an enemies elemental resistances and decrepify decreases their physical resistance . unfortunately , bone spells do magic damage , so i do not think either curse improves your bone spell damage ( as grace note pointed out ) . they are only useful for your minions ; lower resist helps your skeletal mages and decrepify helps your skeletons . also , if you are using revive then those minions will do more damage when you use those curses ( most monsters do not do magic damage ) . unless you totally focus on them and skills that synergize ( see my sidenote ) , bone spear and bone spirit are ineffective because they do not scale up in hell difficulty . however , bone prison and bone wall do . also curses and revives scale up because they are based on the strength of monsters in hell . for a summoner , playing heavily to revive is a good plan . look at some revive necromancer guides , this being a short example : http://diablo.incgamers.com/forums/showthread.php?t=707530. i recommend maxing revive and iron golem , so that you have plenty of summons to work with and a golem for killing monsters to get that first revive . i also think you are better off replacing bone spear with bone prison and iron maiden . then you can lock monsters in with your minions and have them damaged by both their own attacks and your minions , while boosting with other curses you have . iron maiden has the nice property that an increase in skill level increases the damage taken , not the spell radius like many other curses . bone spirit is appropriate to some extent for helping your iron golem take down monsters , but certainly not worth focus . sidenote : to get an idea of how much damage a pure bone necromancer does , i am in hell difficulty with my necromancer right now using an all bone build , around level 76 , roughly these skills ( i can update values tonight when i check ) : teeth : 10 ( about +6 with items ) bone spear : 20 bone spirit : 20 ( about +4 with items ) bone wall : 10 bone prison : 20 some other misc . skills and i only do over 3000 damage per spirit . that is very little in hell difficulty .
hold shift key down while dragging and dropping the goods . the game will then ask exactly how many units you want to move . without shift game will move either all or 100 units , which ever is smaller , i think .
the short answer is no . you probably will not earn trophies to your account in the situation you have described , where you use a save on an account where it was not created , will almost 100% make trophy earning ineligible , even if you copy it back to your system afterwards . your best option is to create another profile on your friend 's system and log in to your psn account , and on that account use your saves , this way you can ensure trophies will unlock . make sure to sync your trophies when you log on to your profile for the first time and before leaving your friends house , so anything unlocked during your stay will transfer back to your account .
currently commodity auctions are down for maintenance , which means right now gems cannot be bought or sold . we have temporarily disabled commodity auctions for the gold auction house . sales of items such as gems and crafting materials have been brisk since the launch and we are currently working on a number of optimizations to improve the speed at which they can be processed . if you happened to have a commodity auction listed prior to this change , you can cancel the listing from the auctions tab to reclaim the item . please note that while commodities are disabled , players who attempt to sell them in the auction house will receive an " auction failed ( error 31025 ) " message . we recognize that these items are highly desired and are working to make commodities available again as soon as possible . we will provide further updates within this thread as they become availa source
the wizard needs some time to become really effective . a friend of mine complained about his wizard the same way you do until he hit lvl 25 and got the meteor skill . the archon ability also boosts your damage tremendously while giving you a lot of sustain . not to mention teleport and the different armor types like ice armor and diamond skin which are powerful tools in the wizards 's skill set to keep him/her alive while dishing out damage . try to experiment with different combinations and really use every rune at least once to know what your character is potentially capable of . if you find that the wizards is not working at all it might just not be your playstyle .
yes , leif 's shop becomes upgraded as part of the nooklings ' shop upgrades . when you unlock t.i.y. , the two will merge , and from there they share upgrades . the first level of the upgrade will add two plantable " bush " plants you can buy daily , plus one " furniture " plant like bonsai and other potted plants .
if you are able to upload individual mods to your server the unhinged announcement post links to a maintained list of included mods . a major virtue of forge is that install order is almost never a problem when you are dealing with pure forge mods . the mods themselves will have install instructions that should be checked in case there is anything special , but in general forge jar mods can be installed in any order after forge . coremods and plain mods go in a folder to be loaded by forge at launch , and do not conflict . very few or none will be jar mods anyway , and order can not matter for the rest . what you have to watch for is id conflicts in the config files . note that this modpack is intended to have customised configs to make it " hard mode " , so once you have installed all the mods you will still have to download the actual unhinged distribution and consult/copy over the config files to properly set up your recreation of unhinged .
games which work only with steam and where you get a steam key to redeem are noted as such in the drm section of the game 's information box .
amongst other factors , beating the boss without losing health increases your chance of seeing satan 's room , occasionally satan will not be there and you can instead fight krampus . he fights similar to the fallen .
update : so you can totally just rail the driver with a heavy sniper round by shooting through the vents in the back of the tank . it is really easy and hilarious . i would have to say it is the most direct and reliable , and the least expensive approach .
i used them for the lols during fort attacks in the stormcloak/imperial war quests , since there are a lot of targets around you . you can also sneak up to groups of enemies while stealthy/invisible and let off one of them to start the fight . other than that , i did not use them much , for the reasons you mentioned . of all the perks they put in the game , i do not know why there is not a perk to make winding up master spells faster . you are really vulnerable while preparing and holding them , since you can not move .
there is still no definitive list , but there is a pretty comprehensive review here . according to this guy , pc has better textures and allows to zoom in closer , pc loads faster , when playing with a mouse you have minor conveniences like hovering on top of aliens-in-view icons to see hit percentages ( i am playing with a mouse and i have never knew it ) . important : multiplayer is not cross-platform , so you better follow your friends . reviewer explicitly states that he felt no tactical performance gain on any platform . tactical view grid should also be classified as a minor convenience - after some hours , you will be easily telling distances at a glance .
faith is used as currency to buy specific items governed by the follower bonuses of the majority religion within that city . these include : cathedrals ( building , grants 3 culture/turn , 1 faith/turn , 1 happiness , 1 artist specialist slot ; 200 faith ) monasteries ( building , grants 2 faith/turn and 2 culture/turn , effects are boosted for each nearby improved wine and incense ; 150 faith ) mosques ( building , grants 3 faith/turn , 2 culture/turn , and 1 happiness ; 200 faith ) pagodas ( building , grants 2 faith/turn , 2 culture/turn , and 2 happiness ; 200 faith ) holy warriors ( any pre-industrial era ground unit ; 2 faith:1 hammer ratio ) missionaries and inquisitors ( no follower bonus required ; 200 faith ) note that any given religion can have , at most , two of these options unless it was founded by the byzantium empire , as their ua grants them a fifth religion trait ( founder or follower or enhancer ) . faith prices also increase in post-industrial eras ( though i do not have accurate numbers on by how much yet ) . ( source : in-game civolopedia )
a few ideas would be : use skills with damage over time components , and run use skills/runes that give you some range use skills that give you temporary shields or invulnerability have your follower kill them run away ! as a monk , i like to have some skill active that gives me some range , even if it is just deadly reach . another option is seven-sided strike , which effectively gives you a second of invincibility , but on a cooldown . normally i play in groups so it is not a problem , but you have to be much more careful when solo !
you are not wasting the speed of the scout in arena . running into a group of 12 people is pretty much guaranteed death . scout in arena is exactly as you are doing . you need to wait for people to spread out and rely on your teammates audio cues and voice communications to know where to go . listen for sniper calls or watch the death tracker for sniper kills and then go pick them off . pick off stragglers who might be retreating to find health after a larger fight . arena means that every death is a tip in balance , and as you are the most fragile player , you have got a lot of liability on your shoulders to ensure that you do not waste your life right off the bat ( no pun intended ) . use your double jump to your advantage and consider using the fan to get to good ambush / hiding spots . scout in arena can also be effective bait . get that demo to chase you around the corner into the hands of a heavy/medic combo . a lot of people will tunnel vision and auto target scouts due to their low health . to put it simply , if you are playing scout in arena , you are playing more like a spy in any other match . edit : adding in a bit about defensive play . you can also treat scout in arena like a 6v6 competitive match as the defensive scout . your job is to protect the medic who will likely be glued to a soldier or heavy early on . if the offensive target ( heavy or soldier ) is an attentive player , the fan is a great choice for this due to it is stopping power , buying them a few seconds to turn and destroy ( assuming they are not dead already ) . if they are not terribly attentive , your normal scattergun will do the trick and you are just going to be trying to kill and dodge . lastly , while i do not use it often ( i love me some pistol action ) , you can use the bonk ! energy drink and park yourself between the medic and his assailant to effectively create a wall for 6 seconds while the heavy / soldier / whatever has time to refocus and destroy them . moral of the story : medics can win arenas . treat them well .
when you replay a mission you only have the upgrades you had the first time you played through as @raven pointed out in the comments in the branching missions if you replay the other path you will have all the current upgrades . when i finally got around to playing safe haven i had battlecruisers already .
i have been going through a newly-generated world , traveling across several biomes , and i have seen tall grass everywhere there is regular grass : forests , savannah , plains , etc . the only biomes in which it does not seem to spawn are tundra , deserts , and ( of course ) the nether . tall grass is incredibly common : if you have not seen a ton of it already , one thing to keep in mind is that new terrain features generally do not spawn on already-generated chunks , and you will have to travel to a new , unexplored area to see them . to confirm this , i loaded an existing world i had which spanned a few different biomes ( tundra , taiga , forest , grassland ) . there was no tall grass in any of the pre-generated chunks . however , i found several instances of tall grass immediately after walking into an area that caused the game to generate a new chunk . edit ( thanks , kurley ) : as of 1.6.6 , you can spawn tall grass yourself : when applied to a grass block , one bone meal is consumed and tall grass , and occasionally flowers , forms around and on the grass block .
you can message an opponent from the victory screen after a game , or from the match history : select the " chat " option to start a new chat .
xbox live indie games do not have achievements 1 , 2 . while microsoft takes responsibility for reviewing and approving xbl arcade titles , the review process for xbl indie games titles is not controlled by microsoft . since they do not control the review process , they do not allow xblig games to have achievements that affect gamerscore . while penny arcade : on the rain-slick precipice of darkness episodes 1 and 2 were released as xbla titles and therefore did have achievements , episode 3 was released as a xblig title and lacks achievements .
the extra blocks you are seeing are just artifacts from the previous frame of the game . caused by either the tv or camera used . i am sure of this because the ui for the next piece does not have enough room for 4 blocks . looking through some game guides shows no mention of 4 blocks either .
the composition of your team is the first line of defense against anti-mage . having a good core of gank-tasked heroes ( 3+ ) and ideally , no more than 1 hard carry . with anti-mage , like many of the late-game carries ( spectre , void , antimage ) , your game should not fixate on countering him late game , but instead ask what counters anti-mage ? wards , ganks , and pressure you need to shut down these hard late-game carries early . even allowing the completion of a single core item uninterrupted is a bad sign . where you listed 3 high tiered items , the momentum for anti-mage was likely far out of your control to rein in late game . so you are looking to gank him frequently . note that if the enemy team has more than one late-game carry this becomes more difficult for both teams , where your team will need to keep both late-game heroes in check and from the enemy team 's side they need to [ 1 ] not die , and [ 2 ] wait you out . so logically , you need to do the opposite , gank them far more often than you would consider necessary and push down towers . while " kill them and push towers " is a bit too simple-minded of an approach , the crux of the issue is defined . the problem is that in execution , as is commonly the case especially on randomly assembled teams , not many players risk leaving their lane , leaving behind their potential farm-able gold , and losing experience roaming from one lane to another . but what is important here is to reframe the issue , again , and that is a successful gank does not always need to result in a kill . pushing anti-mage out of the lane to hug the tower , deny his gold/experience gain , return to base to heal , or even just added pressure that you guys are coming for him stacks up for an effect in your favor . understanding that ' yes he has blink ' and ' no you probably will not kill him ' you are primarily focused on disrupting his acquisition of gold and experience . laning against anti-mage should involve 2 heroes that can stun or disable , understand when picking a lineup against void , anti-mage , or even spectre , their escape mechanisms ( blink , timewalk , dagger ) are going to allow them to get away from most gank attempts . understanding this , a gank would ideally involve a third hero circling into the lane to stun/disable first ( unexpected ) and then following up with the 2nd and 3rd from the heroes already in the lane stacking the disable duration for a kill and to prevent the blink out . tri-laning ( 3 heroes in your lane against anti-mage from the start ) - is a decent option as well , all 3 heroes need to have a stun , disable , or a decent slow skill for this to be appropriate . you are looking to press hard on the enemy heroes and push through their towers when they linger back . the general idea being heavy pressure and pushing down towers early and getting in the way of the usual progression a carry needs to farm/level . heroes lion - an excellent ganking hero early game ( even before level 6 ) , leveling hex and stun , coupling lion with any other hero ( or two heroes ! ) is an easy combination for early harassment . lion should also be looking to incorporate a blink dagger into his build sooner than later , to quickly get the drop for ganks ( few people stand around as lion charges at you ) and also in order to keep up with anti-mage when possible . blink in , hex , wait , wait , stun , wait wait . this is a long time to be disabled . you can blink to chase as well , but the key here is to get in his face before he realizes stuns are incoming so ideally you are blinking in and disabling before he can blink out . ( rhasta could potentially be an option , though less recommended as his second disable , shackles , requires him to be in the line of fire and also immobilized for the length of the disable , making it less reliable to get the full duration of shackle time ) spectre - if you are looking for a late game carry that will stand up to anti-mage when a game has gone 50-60+ minutes . the problem here is that you are relying on a number of other factors : [ 1 ] that you can out-farm anti-mage , [ 2 ] the enemy team allows you to get to late game without too much gank interference , [ 3 ] the enemy team does not push through to your barracks before your core items are farmed . items scythe of vyse - nothing too surprising on this recommendation , hopefully . later in the game you are looking for a sheep-stick on one or two heroes to help with a few more hex casts as anti-mage becomes more difficult to kill outright . other items - most other items are going to focus on dealing damage , because while mass disables are good , you still need your carry/semi-carries to start taking down his hp ( not necessarily with nukes ) .
bukkit is a standalone replacement for minecraft_server . jar and if you want server-side plugins you need to use it . while there is not a stable release for minecraft 1.0 , after some trial and error i found that build 1493 works and has been running my minecraft 1.0 world successfully for a few days now . i can not help you setup bukkit standalone because i never did that - i installed mcmyadmin . set it up according to the install directions , go into the control panel and select " update/install bukkit " under about/updates . it will warn about downgrading - that is ok . once it has installed bukkit , open the mcma\minecraft folder and replace the craftbukkit . jar with build 1493 from the above link . copy your world in and adjust the server . properties file as needed . in theory , if you have a working minecraft_server . jar setup running you could just change it to point to craftbukkit . jar . as for dynamic mapping , the plugin you want is dynmap .
i am going to attempt to catalog the phase beast challenges that i am aware of . at the moment , i have a list of 14 challenges . let me know if you know of any corrections or additions that need to be made here , and i will add them . i have finally added the challenges added in 1.17 . act 1 ( 6 challenges ) stay close to raise the totems - stand close to each of three totems as they rise out of the ground . reward : one golden chest for each totem you raise vanquish your foes with haste - destroy as many enemies as quickly as you can ( ? ) . reward : 1 small chest + 1 medium chest + 2 golden chests poison the spider nests - poison several spider nests while battling the spiders that each one spawns . reward : gold + 1 golden chest ignite braziers in order - light the braziers in the correct order , while battling enemies . reward : gold + 2 small chests + 1 medium chest protect the crystals from the goblin hordes - protect five ember crystals from goblin enemies . reward : 1 small chest for the first crystal + 1 medium chest for each crystal you save ( though i have yet to protect all four crystals ) navigate the maze - this challenge was added in version 1.17 . navigate a watery maze , collecting all three mysterious gems if you can . reward : 3 medium chests + 1 golden chest , which is only available if you collect all 3 mysterious gems act 2 ( 7 challenges ) choose a door - battle several waves of monsters , get the dropped key , and pick one of three doors . reward : one of the following , depending on the door you choose : ( a ) nothing , ( b ) medium amount of gold + a few chests , or ( c ) large amount of gold + a few large chests jackalbeast gauntlet - run the gauntlet , collecting gold and fighting jackalbeasts as you go . reward : gold + 1 small chest + 2 medium chests + random items pirate gauntlet - run through the ancient pirate ships , collecting gold and battling skeleton pirates along the way . reward : gold + 6 small chests + 2 medium chests + random items slime trio - defeat the three giant slimes . reward : gold + three chests survive in the arena - survive the enemies in the arena . reward : gold dig for buried treasure - this challenge was added in version 1.17 . use shovels to dig for buried treasure among 20 marked places . reward locations are random , and not all x marks have treasure ( some produce a mine , some produce another shovel , and some produce nothing ) . reward : 1 big + 3 small treasure chests ( only available if you find their hidden locations ) avoid the lava - this challenge has several chests at various height levels . the goal is to get as many chests as you can while staying out of the rising lava . act 3 ( 4 challenges ) defeat the troll - defeat the champion-level troll that spawns . reward : gold + 2 small chests + 1 medium chest defeat the witches - defeat the two champion-level witches . reward : gold + 2 medium chests varkolyn gauntlet - run the gauntlet , fighting varkolyn enemies and collecting gold along the way . reward : gold + 5 small chests + 3 medium chests + random items survive the attack - survive an attack by a number of enemies , mines , and robots . reward : gold + 3 small chests + 1 medium chest if there is a fifth challenge in act 3 , i have yet to find it .
bonuses that are listed on the weapon card are already included in the stats . bonuses you get from other places ( like skills , proficiencies , etc . ) are not , you will have to do the math there .
from what i have read and played , the following actions decrease nexus health : controlling more capture points than opponents decreases nexus life over time ( x damage per 5 seconds for each point you control if you control more points then enemies ) killing an enemy champion deals immediate damage ( -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 ) achieving a secondary objective ( quest ) deals immediate damage ( -20 life to nexus ) and gives your team a buff ( like nashor in normal mode , except not the same buff ) . those secondary quests appear randomly and consist of capturing a specific capture point . these quest spawn for both teams at the same time and always concern two capture points next to another . point neutralization and point capture ( -3 and -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 )
you have to find the incomplete chainsaw . then you also have to find an incomplete engine and build that . then you combine the two . the net cost is 2 nuts and bolts plus a handful of other items , which is hard for a lot of people to swallow for a simple weapon . but man does it rip through zombies . each attack kills 3 zombies , and you need to feed it a new battery about 1 in 3 attacks . best of all , after you have spent the batteries , your inventory is now free to carry back items .
holding ctrl allows you to do this in steps of 100 instead of 50 .
play the game on its easiest difficulty setting . this is actually just as fun , if not funner , than messing about with the nanorifle - as this option has a storyline , goals and play length , while still allowing you to randomly take out buildings and do whatever you want , whenever you please .
it depends on the game you are playing . if you are playing a long campaign , then yeah , leveling up a small number of troops is better ( but then when some reach their ' max ' try to level up others as well ) . if it is a short campaign , just do with a mass of expendables and focus on protecting your hero and leveling him/her up . also if you need help on a certain level/campaign , here 's ( another ) helpful link that you can use ( some have spoilers but most of them hide it ) http://wiki.wesnoth.org/mainline_campaigns
take this answer with a grain of salt , because i have not tried it myself yet . but i have read elsewhere ( mainly the official sc2 forums ) that your best bet is to : 1 ) turtle up and wall off best you can , while waiting for the ai 's to kill each other ( which sounds like you already do ) 2 ) pick a map with island expansions which you can aggressively expand to and easily defend . not sure what your preferred race is , but the aggressive island expansion obviously favors a terran selection ( as does walling off ) . hopefully someone else can come along and offer some advice based on actual experience : ) update : a sc2 forum post talking about this . they suggest extinction or lava flow for the map . once suggests going toss and massing colossi while making all your enemies zerg . another suggests mass battle cruisers from the islands . http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/248105307?page=2
nope , but just keep in mind that each transfer costs 2600 rp each and it can not be refunded . also keep in mind : if you are in na , transfer to euw , then transfer back to na , you will have to spend 5200 rp .
i am going to quote myself macro macro as a gaming technique is an application of economic theory ; at its simplest it’s a distribution of limited resources between necessary avenues . consider the simplest example from starcraft : i have 50 minerals , i can purchase another worker to make minerals for me , or i can build an attack unit and go kill my opponent . the implied choice here is that i can trade an economic advantage ( having and making minerals ) for a tactical one ( having units ) . since winning usually requires a tactical advantage , at some point a player must make the decision : i’m going to sacrifice my economic advantage for a tactical one . to the uninitiated this may seem like an easy choice : i’ll just build attack units and destroy him if he’s building his economy . however , this sort of theory crafting doesn’t hold up . once you consider things like : distance , time to kill , etc , you quickly realize that the person with the larger economic advantage can produce a larger army . how far away , and how long it takes to build an army are important factors in deciding between tactical vs economic advantage . as if this tension between economic and tactical advantage was not sufficient , most rts games introduce a third concept into macro : technology ( or tech for short ) . tech implies an investment of resources to produce better units . these units are conveying an advantage against your opponent at a smaller economic loss , even though they might be individually more expensive . the trade off between investing in tech and investing in economy is the same as economic vs tactical . economic provides more units , where as tech provides better units . by comparison the trade off between tech and tactical is “how much more does this help vs building a new unit . ” these three forces are in constant tension not just in rts games , but in the real world as well . consider the cold war era arms race . a nation could build nuclear submarines , invest in its infrastructure or build better submarine detectors . any one choice would give an advantage , but the reality is you have to invest in all three to remain competitive . this is known as the red queen hypothesis , opponents must “run” as fast as they can , just to maintain status quo . micro it is impossible to have a real discussion of micro without first talking about lim yo-hwan aka slayers_BoxeR . boxer first got his start in the south korean bangs ( lan centers ) in the late 90s . it was in this environment that he demonstrated his skills . micro comes from the word “micromanagement , ” the idea that if a player is talented or skilled enough he can individually direct every unit on the board . it was this property of boxer that made him so popular . one of the reasons starcraft draws so much attention as a sport is that it is more than just two players making strategic moves to out smart one another . there is an element of skill , of dexterity , that the better player might just be the one who plays better , not the one with better play . at the core of micro is that , no matter the unit composition or number , there is a way to have your units perform better than they should rightfully do . through fast clicking and innate knowledge about unit strengths , micro can mean the difference between losing all your mutalisks to stimmed marines , and rolling his army without a single loss . in some cases micro is as simple as saying : roaches have a short range , that means i should move closer than that range so the rank behind the first gets to attack ; other times it’s things like : if i spread my marines in 3 directions his zealot will have to pick one and then walk a distance to the next ; and very occasionally its : if i blink away my stalkers who are at low health , i can save every one of my units while killing all of his . macro vs micro so why the yin yang ? it seems like macro and micro are two things that every player needs . in a perfect world we’d all be 1000 apm pros who never broke a sweat ; however , in the real world we are mere mortals who have to choose where they spend their attention . a person cannot concentrate on manipulating his force and strategize what he plans to do next , as the cost for task switching is very high for human beings . instead we must strike a balance between these two ideas , and consider the opportunity cost inherent in both approaches . ultimately you want to become good at both , but strike a balance between the two .
this method simulates photo mode while offline download nfs hot pursuit camera hack . press esc on at the moment you like to take picture . press num 7 to hide pause menu use num + and num - to move camera in any direction press right shift to speed up camera then use fraps or any other software to take screen shots .
yes , they do . one of the stats on lighters is Charges . i have not actually used a lighter yet , but presumably , using one in combinations ( with sticks , tinder , or whatnot ) , will reduce the charges available in the lighter .
all rookie soldiers start with 40 will and gain will increases as they gain ranks . they suffer a decrease in will when they suffer a critical wound in battle . therefore , there is not really a single low number to worry about , as it varies by each rank . also , a squaddie ( or any other low ranked soldier ) who has been critically wounded can eventually gain enough will back to be a successful soldier . the table below shows the low and high will values a soldier can have , by rank . by checking each soldier against the table , you can determine if their will is too low for the rank they have . i have included the low and high will values for when the iron will upgrade has been purchased . however , i am not certain how helpful those will be , as you generally purchase that upgrade after your soldiers have been promoted a few times , so you will not expect to see values as high as the columns indicate . i created the table using the following assumptions : each soldier gets a fixed +2 per level . each soldier gets a random +1d6 per level ( irandwillincrease=6 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another fixed +2 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( ibaseotswillincrease=2 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another random +1d4 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( irandotswillincrease=4 in the ini file ) . ( see http://wiki.tesnexus.com/index.php/xcom:eu_defaultgamecore.ini_settings for the ini values . ) the second wave options not created equally and hidden potential change all of this . not created equally changes the starting will from a fixed 40 to a random number between 25-60 . will increases stay the same . hidden potential changes the will increases ( and all other stat increases ) to be random , so there will be a much larger variation of will values among your soldiers . the above table can still be used to check whether you have a soldier who is better or worse than " normal " , though .
there is no gameplay benefit . you can not get coin bonuses , gems or anything else from the random player , nor can you see their name or invite them to be friends in any way . visiting random players can be a great way to see the depth of the game and beautiful parks created by other users . you can see all sorts of items you have not yet unlocked which can serve as hints to what you can later accomplish , or you can get neat ideas of what to do with your park .
i tested every skill and the following attacks refresh sweeping wind . it should be noted that sweeping wind is refreshed when the skill is used instead of when the attack hits . normal attacks all primary skills fists of thunder deadly reach crippling wave way of the hundred fists all secondary skills lashing tail kick tempest rush wave of light dashing strike seven-sided strike finally , using sweeping wind again will refresh the timer and maintain any stacks . although sweeping wind 's description specifies striking an enemy , it can both refresh and stack ( via a crit ) when one of the above attacks is used against a destructible piece of the environment . it can , however be difficult to reach the item you want to strike before sweeping wind itself destroys it . thus , this effect can most easily be seen by using dashing strike to charge and hit an item .
crystal energy bought with crowns from other players ( either via trade or via the in-game interface ) is indistinguishable from crystal energy bought directly from three rings / sega . it is entirely possible to turn crowns into ce into items - the question , as with all freemium games , is how much of your time you are willing to spend to do so . crystal energy does not deteriorate , so buy as much as you need with crowns and do not fret !
this is what i have found : mentions of the evils , like andy and mephisto deckard cain , of course tyrael mentions that the heroes from diablo ii have gone mad wirt 's in the game , or at least his bell references to the " cow level " the mad king of tristram the dark wonderer from dii andrea ( gives you the den of evil quest in dii ) ( these are what i have found agian so far ) a quest from a necromancer in act 2 that mentions he was trained by the necromancer hero in d2 . gharbads ghost gives you a quest . in old tristram griswolds shop sign can still be read .
copying your psp save data plug your psp into your pc with a mini usb cable ( the kind that fits into the top of your psp ) and select the usb connection option in the psp system menu . the psp should show up as a connected drive in your my computer menu . it is probably called " removable disk " if you are on windows . open that drive and navigate to the psp folder . copy the savedata folder onto your pc somewhere like you desktop . that folder has all your psp saves and we will copy them to the ps vita soon . if you are concerned about how much space the data will take up on your ps vita , check how large this savedata folder is , you are about to copy that much data onto your vita . if it is too large , we can only copy the specific games you want the data for later . prepare your ps vita to copy the files download any one psp game onto your vita and play it enough to generate a save file . any game will do , it does not have to be a game you want to copy the save data for . install the ps vita content manager assistant for windows or mac osx . connect your vita to your pc with the usb cable and open up the content manager . pick copy content : ps vita system -> pc -> applications -> save data ( psp/other ) . you should see the game you played earlier in a list ; tap the psp game to select it and hit copy . click okay to copy it onto your pc . find the folder on your pc the vita copied to ; it should be in your documents folder in a folder named ps vita , in that folder there is a folder called psavedata . in that should be a single folder named with random letters and numbers . open that folder ; this is where we are going to copy the psp save data . copy the files onto your vita open up the savedata folder from earlier , those are your psp saves . also open the ps vita folder we mentioned before that has your ps vita 's copy of the save files ( you want to be inside the folder with the name that is random letters/numbers ) . copy and past all folders from the savedata folder into the folder named with random letters . say yes to any dialogs that ask if you want to merge/copy files ; this means you are overwriting the vita 's copy of the save file with the psp one . now just open content manager on the vita again and pick copy content : pc -> ps vita system . pick applications -> saved data again . you should now see all of your psp save data . i recommend hitting select all and just copying all of this data over . you can also pick and choose just the games ' data you want to copy over if you want to save yourself some space . pick copy and hit okay again , it will ask you if you want to overwrite any data you have on the ps vita for the psp games ; you want to do this , so click apply to all and tap overwrite . your ps vita now has all save data from your psp and you can keep it there forever , and it is also stored with your ps vita backup . any time you download a psp game onto that vita , it will start with the save data you copied from your old psp , no need to repeat this for each game !
there are three main ways to increase approval : technologies that reduce expansion disapproval , in the exploration/expansion tree at the bottom . each tech gives you -22% to the expansion disapproval . ( applied casimir effect gives you the colonization program , applied atmospherics gives you orbital counseling , etc . ) these techs have a green star in the upper-right corner , which is no help at all because almost all of the exploration/expansion techs have that green star . you can not just search for " expansion disapproval " in the tech search box , either . the only hint i can give you is that most of these sorts of techs have an icon that includes a guy in a buddha-like pose , except the first one . technologies that increase approval in a system , in the diplomacy/trading tree on the left . these techs ' icons are pink in the upper-right corner , and are a system improvement that gives a flat bonus to approval ( and possibly other effects on fids ) once built . the easiest-to-get examples : botanical scanning gives you infinite supermarkets for +25 approval , and optimized logistics gives you colonial rights for +30 approval ( and some fids bonuses if they are ecstatic , around ~85% approval ) . lower taxes ; it is a slider in the empire tab . keep in mind that , aside from dust generation and changing your approval , some races get bonuses for high taxes ( humans get bonuses to both dust and industry as taxes go up ) , others get bonuses for low taxes ( the sophonts gain more research as taxes go down ) , and others do not care . low-approval penalties can hit you twice : once for low system approval , and again for low empire approval . do not allow your entire empire to become unhappy with you ; it is just ugly . there are a few smaller things that change approval , but are not universally useful : the less earth-like the planet is , the more your colonists hate living there . class v planets ( gas giants , asteroids ) hit you with -20 to approval ; even class ii planets ( like tundra ) give you -5 . heroes who are administrators can grant approval bonuses , but you only have a few heroes . some planetary anomalies will change approval , up or down . the approval penalties can go away by researching the anomaly-reduction technologies , adaptive colonies and soil revivification . of course , you can not add anomalies to a planet , you are just stuck with whatever 's there already . two endless temples will increase approval in a system : the temple of the aura of glory gives +40 approval to the system , and the temple of applied psychohistorics gives +10 approval per planet in that system . you will not even know if you have a temple until you do a moon survey ( unlocked by adaptive colonies ) , and even then it will probably be a different temple . these are the only things that will give you approval . you will eventually need those techs . higher population will not help - you will lose some approval for overpopulation as your system fills up . from what i have researched on the ' net , expansion disapproval goes up as you add more systems , so settling a small number of systems with many planets might help . note : you only get the expansion disapproval once the system stops being an outpost , a few dozen turns after it is settled . use that grace period to research some of those useful techs before your approval nosedives .
they are tiers of the global starcraft league , held by gomtv in korea . players who qualify for code a ( which is inferior to code s ) are considered vastly superior to your average grandmasters player , even if you can generally find them in gm on the ladder . from liquipedia : the gsl is an elaborate tournament which is separated into two tiers : code s contains the top tier players who are competing against each other to win the gsl . code a contains players who are competing against each other to enter code s . you will also hear them mention when someone is or was a code s champion . this title is considered the biggest there is to win in the sc2 scene , and hence , the current and past champions are always big contenders at other events .
one of the easier and less involved ways to make some extra money is to keep two copies of your most expensive frog and then breed them . if you want to make a little extra , keep a habitat with lots of +happiness items and move the frogs into there for a while before you sell . while they are sitting in there getting happier , you can have another set of 8 in egg form . rinse and repeat . for more frog breeding tips and tricks , click here
this was a bit confusing to me as well . my initial assumption was they ended up in your stash immediately , and this is not the case . items you buy , as well as items you fail to sell or cancel both end up on the " completed " tab when you are finished with the transaction . if this gives you an idea for a crazy auction house storage scheme you may be interested in this answer as well . from the auction house faq : items that are not sold are returned to the seller , and items that are sold are delivered to the winning bidder . in each case , the item appears on the player’s ”completed” page in the auction house interface , where the item can then be moved to the player’s shared stash . items in this list will not be lost over time , but the maximum is a total of 50 items ( including both your unsold and purchased but not stashed items ) . it is not possible to list new items once you reach 50 , although you can still list items even if the total of your active auctions + the number of items on your completed tab is greater than 50 . for example , you can have 49 items on the tab , plus 10 items in auctions that expire or are cancelled , and the end result will be 59/50 items on the completed tab . according to a pre-release blog post , they were considering counting canceled/expired aunctions on the completed tab against your 10 active auctions ( search for " items that have expired " to find this clause ) , but according to the current contents of the auction house faq , it appears that this restriction has been removed .
do not neglect alchemy . there are fights that are incredibly difficult without potions that become easy-mode with the right one ( s ) . also , there are several points in the game where you are required to make a choice , and this will affect conditions later on ( a later fight may have more/different enemies , for example ) . none of these are game-breakers , but you may want to consult a guide if you do not mind spoilers and feel the need to make the " right " choices . ( here 's one from gamefaqs , for convenience . i am sure there are others out there . )
i do not know how relevant this is for you . i have a c2d e6550 and a radeon 3850 and i can play black ops on windows 7 with good framerate ( above 45 ) on 1280 x 720 . the use of a good wireless controller is not going to create any noticeable lag . i would highly suggest that you go ahead and use keyboard mouse for playing a fps on a pc .
ha ! i did it by cheating : finding an existing sound mod for portal and examining it :d . here 's how , for posterity : apparently , the source engine does not look for sounds in the directory . it looks for script files instead . those script files define where to look for stuff . so i did the following : opened the main portal gcf ( that is portal content.gcf ) file with gcfscape ; extracted glados 's voice script file ( that is scripts\\npc_sounds_aperture_ai.txt ) to the directory where the game engine will look at , which , according to the valve wiki , is the one where GameInfo.txt is in . so STEAMAPPS\millenomi\portal\portal , so that i have STEAMAPPS\millenomi\portal\portal\scripts\\npc_sounds_aperture_ai.txt now portal will look relative to the scripts file for sounds ! …not . apparently , if the file has the same name it is still looked for using the same search path that led source to pick up the original file instead . sigh . so , instead , noticing the working mod had file names that were different from the ones in the archive , i changed the script and the filename to a name that was not used anywhere else in the game ( vo/aperture_ai/00_part1_entry-1__MODIFIED.wav ) . and bam ! , it worked . :d
the weighted range values do not fully restrict the distribution to those values , but make it so that on average , the values will be spread close to as specified . quick aside in reference to your other question , only surface volcanism is affected . magma shafts can still exist in 0 volcanism . i do not believe it is possible to generate a map with no low temperature areas , for the sake of full world simulation . it should , however , be lowering the amount of world which is cold . the way weighed ranges and mesh sizes are thought to work is that the mesh size creates a grid of lines on the map . at each intersection of the lines , a value for a given property is randomly chosen , with weighting accounted for . the tiles between the intersections are then smoothed between adjacent values . adjusting the mesh size will change the size of homogenous areas . weighted range has no effect on height of volcano . to be honest , i am not sure what effects that . i suspect it just takes advantage of existing terrain . volcanos can only exist in tiles with 100 volcanism .
as the blockade has no attack , no buffs to attack damage , range , speed , or area of effect would matter ( 0 * anything is still 0 after all ) . the squire guardian pet would decrease the damage it takes from enemy attacks , up to 16% for a fully boosted guardian . there are also a number of pets that would repair the blockade ; imp , engineer , mephisto , cain , etc .
i do not know about any long-term ramifications ( i doubt there are any ) but . . . if you give the ring to harold ( actually it says you will sell him the ring ) , he will thank you and reward you with 100g . your journal will update that he headed for the docks immediately to return to his family in skyrim but i found him still lounging around the inn a day later , swilling ale and munching on a hunk of bread . reload , give the ring to svea ( 'scuse me , " sell " the ring to her ) . . . she thanks you , gives you a 300g reward and asks you to take the ring and armor to rangarr to have it repaired . interestingly , at this point i saw harold headed out of town , maybe going to the docks to return to his family ? i would have gladly given him some money myself to help them out but i could not interact with him in any way . anyway , after waiting around for about 3 hrs , you pick up the armor and take it back to svea , who gives you another 100g reward and asks you to present it to gabrial for her . guess she has a crush on him . : )
a bitizen 's location within the tower is not representative of what they are doing . if a bitizen has a job , they are always at work . do not worry that they do not appear on that floor at any given moment . watch the inventories . you will notice that they are all still going down ( at least . . . they should be ) .
no . the new abilities will apply to any member of your party . going forward , anyone on your team ( including those you have yet to meet who will join in the future ) , will gain the ability to learn magic . to have them do so , simply have them equip a piece of magicite - at the end of every battle from now on , in addition to experience points , you will earn magic points , which go towards unlocking the spells associated with the particular espers your party members have equipped . to equip espers , open the menu , select Skills , one character , then pick Esper . each esper has unique spells associated with it , so you will want to move them around , and equip new ones as you acquire them in order to maximize the availability of important spells to all party members . those characters with innate magic abilities ( such as celes ) , will also continue to learn specified new spells as they progress in levels . if you had like to avoid redundancy here , you can consult a guide , but it is pretty hard to ' waste ' mp in this manner , and by endgame , you will have mastered all of the spells you need , so i would not worry about it too much .
no , it does not . the " weapons and armor can be improved by x%" is only improving what you would already be able to make at smithing level 100 . if you are trying to get your smithing to go over 100 , you need " fortify smithing by x points . " according to the uesp , there are two items that will guarantee you find an item with the fortify smithing enchantment . here 's one . and here 's two . it is worth noting that the second one is a random radiant quest , so you may not get it on your first attempt . edit i was mistaken , there is no " fortify smithing by x points . " the fortify smithing enchant only does the " weapons and armor can be improved x% better . " however , even though your smithing skill will not go over 100 , you will still get the benefits from the enchantment . for example , if you were to make a legendary dagger at 100 smithing , it might come out with , say , 14 damage . if you were to use your equipment to fortify your smithing and make the same dagger , you might get something to the effect of 20 damage , depending on what % of an increase there is from your gear/potions .
its a glitch/server error , the server doesnt always catch the multiplayer match being over so it will be stuck in that stage . so yeah either wait a long time or just restart . they are working on fixing this error so dont worry
plants do in fact respawn . just outside of the starting village ( to the left of the path dennis leads you down to point out the first radio tower ) there is a green plant in a small field ; i have harvested it several times . i do not know what triggers respawning , or if the respawn interval is somehow fixed .
make sure that your drink stockpile is setup to accept barrels . q uery the stockpile and make sure that the max barrel parameter is not 0 . you can adjust it with the e and r keys . on an unrelated note , you may also want to disable prepared foods from your drink stockpile ( press u ) .
yes you can get married and have a companion . marriage involves raising the person 's disposition towards you proceeding with a ceremony . your spouse will move into your house , if you have one , and cook for you . a companion could be a dog you have rescued , your spouse , or even someone you have paid to follow you around .
the font seems to be myriad by adobe . specifically , it looks like the bold or semibold form of the family . myriad pro is close as well , but has some differences .
with redstone , there is not really a right or wrong way to do anything . here is one simple technique you can use to create flashing lights . in this image , the part of the circuit at the bottom is known as a clock . it switches the redstone torch connected to the block from the on and off position . when the torch is off , no power is sent to the repeaters . this allows the torch to turn on . then , the " on signal " travels through the repeaters and turns off the torch . this pattern repeats infinitely . the signal is then sent to the repeaters in the hole i made . when power is sent through the repeaters , the block in front of them becomes " powered " . this turns off the redstone torches mounted on each of those blocks , and in turn , alternates the redstone torches on the surface on and off .
in plain simcity 4 , sims will take the shortest route by distance to their location . this leads to some rather illogical travel paths where sims will take the overburdened street and ignore your empty 6 lane highway right next to it . the only way around this is decentralisation . do not just have an industrial third , commercial third and residential third to your city , have several zones dotted around . mass transit also helps , but again there is a tendency for sims to ignore it . spamming bus stations is the easiest way to get mass transit going . there is a mod called the network addon mod that fixes this issue by making sims take the shortest route by time to their location . it also gives you far more options for transport . decentralising your zones also helps with nam installed , but you can also work by having some redundancy too - like having a subway and highway going to the same location . this works far better under nam than under plain simcity , where sims will only ever avail themselves of one option , regardless of how overused it is .
in the options menu , you can select a player indicator to be shown over your character 's head . only works in online multiplayer or playing against bots though .
as mentioned in the accepted answer to this question , you can drop the gem to the ground and it will be emptied .
yes , when you complete a mission in a sector , the new readiness percentage is the previous readiness percentage plus the readiness value for that mission .
yes , dots become effects on the target , so when you die they remain . have not you died in pve after you kill a mob but the dot kills you ? same thing in pvp .
the zen garden - automation page/section from plants vs . zombies wikia answers your question : [ after feeding a piece of chocolate to the snail ] he will become extremely hyper and continue to collect coins at a high rate of speed ( for a snail ) for about an hour . however , he cannot be fed more than one piece of chocolate at a time . as weird as it is , you can also feed chocolate to your plants , causing them to drop coins more quickly . [ after plants start glowing in a gold aura , and without using chocolate on them ] the drop rate starts out relatively high , and decreases as the day progresses . [ … ] as stated previously , plants drop more often right when they become happy ; as a result , chocolate is best given at that time , when they give the maximum increase . you say you would like to leave the zen garden open while you sleep , however i do not know if that is a good idea : it will glow with a gold aura ( signifying that the plant is " happy" ) [ … ] and then drop coins and occasionally diamonds for the rest of the day . i do not know what happens to the zen garden right after the midnight . i know that closing the game before the midnight and opening it after the midnight will make the zen garden " reset " to all plants needing watering . i do not know if the same happens if the game is left open during the midnight . finally , the same page from that wiki says that you can move the mushroom and aquatic plants into the main garden section ( if they are already happy/glowing ) , and they will still drop coins even in the " wrong " environment . read that page for more details .
in dark souls 2 you can consider infusions and the +n upgrades as two separate properties of the weapon . for example , if you have a +10 claymore and infuse it with lightning , you will have a +10 lightning claymore . further , you can " uninfuse " it and it'll go back to just a +10 claymore . there is no upgrading of the infusions themselves . that said , if you infuse a less than +10 weapon , you can still continue upgrading it to +10 with titanite , and it will retain its infusion as you upgrade it . whether or not to infuse a weapon is another question . each infusion does something different to the weapon . something like lightning will take away some of the base damage on the weapon and replace it with lightning damage . this also affects the scaling . a purely strength based character probably would not want to infuse with lightning , since doing so would likely lower the scaling off of strength and add scaling for lightning ( which is affected by faith ) . a strength/faith hybrid build might do a lightning infusion , though . there is so many combinations , and each type of infusion works differently ( raw increases base damage but lowers scaling , mundane adds scaling based on your lowest stat , etc ) . my best advice would be to experiment with different types , as there is not necessarily a " right " answer ( keep in mind that you can preview the changes before you actually go ahead with the infusion ) . it depends a ton on your build and playstyle .
i do not think so , based on most of my encounters . . . .
no , you cannot . just like every other harvest moon game , you can only pursue opposite sex marriages . you can become friends with them , but there is no mechanic in-game that will allow you to marry them .
with a sniper rifle and the enhanced scope weapon modification you get some help in seeing enemies through the smoke . the mod highlights the enemies behind the scope , though it does not really allow you to see completely through it . if you are not using a sniper rifle i would try to flank the enemy if possible and circumvent the smoke that way . if flanking is not possible i usually just stay in cover until the smoke clears or the enemies walk through it .
krong is completely random . however , if an artifact is already an artifact , he is more likely to try to increment an existing statistic as opposed to giving you a new one .
you can backtrack to the levels you found the things in and pick them up again ( except for the required ones like the scissors and fan ) . you can also buy any things you have previously found in the " shady " toad shop in decalburg ( far west side of the area with the fling-a-thing sticker conversion place ) . you can not purchase a previously acquired thing if you have its sticker in your inventory or album .
it is temporary . i got it january 27th and it expired february 3rd . simple answer .
dragonvale wiki entry for ruby dragon : the ruby dragon can only be bred by selecting a chrome dragon to mate with a scorch dragon at the breeding cave/epic breeding island . their breeding time is 31 hours
you will be at no disadvantage other than your ocd will be screaming at you for not clearing every last bit . regardless of how much you clear , the end goal remains unaltered : reach the data cores and completely rid them of their viruses . whether it is " just enough " or " reaper virus dead to the last " , it makes no difference in dialogue or story . which means i wasted a solid hour in there for no reason .
try this : go to your control panel , click programs , go to default programs and click " set your default programs . " in the left side of the screen , choose your internet browser ( the one you normally use to open battlelog ) and below the info box , click " set this program as default . " ( source ) if this does not work , you can try disabling your firewall ( you may have to uninstall before disabling , though ) .
well , most of the resources that are renewable and portable you will want nearby . that means using your shovel to dig up bushes , saplings , and tufts of grass and planting them all nearby . plant trees nearby as well . ideally these things will be close enough you can get to them at night to have something to do before the sun comes back up , but you do not want to catch them on fire . you can add farm plots nearby . with farm plots as well as berry bushes , you should have a pretty stable food source even without having to leave your base , or at least without having to leave very often . you will want to be able to get manure -- this means either building your base near a beefalo herd ( good because they do not ever go crazy and try to kill you , but they wander ) or a pigman village ( good because you will always know where to find them , bad because sometimes they go crazy and try and kill you , plus you have to give them stuff in return for manure ) . you may want to be within range of a few other resources . pigman villages you can construct , spider eggs you can move . either of these , if you want them , should be placed a few screens away so you do not have to fight through the night . placing your base within a comfortable walk of some tallbird eggs might be a good idea . i placed my base near a beefalo herd ( which is now spreading out pretty well , so this is becoming less effective ) as well as a bunch of rabbit holes . i do not have easy access to tallbird eggs , but between farms , bushes , rabbits , and enough manure to keep my farms and bushes going , i pretty much never have to worry about food or basic resources ( sticks , wood , grass ) . other than that , just keep things near your base once you can research them -- crock pot , chests , etc . the things you keep closest to your fire should be the things you want to mess with overnight . hostile ( or potentially hostile ) things should be kept a few screens away . everything else can go somewhere in between .
well , maybe the usual spot for your base is in the wrong place then . if you simply can not reach food from there , find a place where you can . rabbits are pretty good early on . berries are good , as you mentioned , but are not going to be enough on their own . forage for them early on , but later you should dig them up and move them to your base . if you see a bird , move towards it to scare it off -- they drop seeds at a decent rate . if you are still in a starvation situation , eat the seeds , otherwise you can combine them with manure to start farming . monster meat is edible , but it does damage . early on , if you are having trouble getting enough food , keep in mind that you can eat monster meat at full health followed by a couple berries . over the next couple days , regular eating should heal you up enough to recover to where you can do this again if need be . getting manure for farms will help , but since it still takes a seed and farms grow pretty slowly , this probably will not solve all your problems . tallbird eggs are amazing , if you can find them . all food should be cooked before you eat it -- it will go a lot further this way . throughout the game , but especially early on , keep in mind you will need to rely on many types of food source . always keep an eye on your map for berry bushes . always approach birds for seeds . always grab carrots . if you see a rabbit straying from his hole , hunt it . unless you happen upon several tallbird nests within a comfortable walk of each other , you are not going to find a single stable food source .
connected shots will cause knockback on your opponent . so , if you notice the guy you are shooting getting pushed around , chances are you are actually hitting him . even if you do not actually hit them though , client-side hits still generate points for you , so you can whale on a guy and collect a large number of points without ever actually damaging him due to lag . it is a bit of a silly system , but that is how it works .
i have gone through multiple times just using the shotgun , wing sticks , and sniper rifle . if mutants get close to you the shotgun is a one shot kill . wing sticks are great just to cut their heads off . i use the melee ( with the gun butt , not fists ) a lot too . head shots using melee are pretty easily done . i pull out the sniper rifle only for the slots wheels . however , if you want to have some fun with it use a rocket launcher and watch blood fly .
no , but as of the recent steam releases you can trick steam into believing it is running under steamos by launching steam with the -steamos command line parameter . once in big picture mode , this option removes the ' return to desktop ' option and ' exit steam ' option from the exit menu .
parrying requires you to block just as the attack hits , not before it . rather than holding o , try pressing o just as the enemy 's attack is about to hit , then when the attack is blocked , attack with square
it should suffice to launch steam with the -bigpicture switch . C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam.exe -bigpicture  windows 8 boots to metro , of course , so you may want to either use one of the windows 8 " backwards compatibility tools " like start8 , or to run a very little script in ahk at boot time : Send #D  . . . or you can use windows 7 instead ( windows 8 sp1 might also let you skip to metro )
the fastest way to reduce your sanity reliably is to eat green mushrooms , if you have them available . they can be found in forests and the savannah , can only be picked at dusk and reduce your sanity by 50 points , with no hp loss . with 1-2 raw monster meat pieces on top of that you will become insane in no time , just remember that monster meat deals damage when eaten . the only thing that gets close to that amount of sanity loss is a grue ( a . k.a. the night monster ) attack , that reduces your sanity by 20 , but that is risky , since a couple of hit in short succession can easily kill you . when you are done harvesting your nightmare fuel , you can quickly gain sanity by sleeping in a tent : at a whooping 50 sanity gained per use it will easily soothe your shaken nerves letting you finally get some good nights of sleep after facing your nightmares . if you are having problems getting the spider silk required by tents , you can always create straw rolls , that let you get 33 sanity per use . happy hunting !
go to beach back road , backroad is a flashing step . in there you will find a different flashing step towards the top and that is crab cove . : )
no you do not . you merely need to open the book to the first page . you should read the whole thing though . the lusty argonian maid is quite a ripping yarn .
rather than trying to do it in-game , you can use mcedit to achieve the same effect . in mcedit , select an area of air and use the fill and replace tool to select sand . save your world , and voila : floating sand . apparently , sand does not start falling until it is interacted with . there is also a weird interaction between sand and torches , in that sand will float above a torch : minecraft physics is the best kind of physics .
it seems that it does take a static number of candies for odus to fall , but that this number varies by level . sometimes it takes 6 , other times it takes 12 ( or more ? ) . the key point here it that for a given level , that amount will be the same . so , if you are having trouble with a level , it may help you to ' waste ' a life figuring out how much leeway you have until he falls off .
the full set of bonuses are : gameplay reward played demo version : caldisian relief set Antidote × 2 Eye Drops × 2 Echo Herbs × 2 norende fully restored : caldislan adventurer 's set Bronze Bangle × 1 Pheonix Down × 2 mid-boss reward melusine reward : caldislan recovery set Potion × 3 Hi-Potion × 1 minotaur reward : caldislan white mage set Staff × 1 Ether × 1 adamantite shell reward : caldislan black mage 's set Rod × 1 Ether × 1 boss reward dragon reward : caldislan soldier 's set Bronze Helm × 1 Leather Armor × 1 automaton reward : caldislan knight set Broadsword × 1 Buckler × 1 you can ask the soldier to the west of the inn during the day which bonuses you earned are . he will tell you if you have them all at the end of his dialogue tree . and finally , up to 20 villagers from norende will follow you into the main game . bonus transfers will work for all save files in the main game . my sister and i were both able to take advantage of the bonuses i unlocked from the demo .
from the wiki to do this , place a red soapstone sign anywhere in the castle in one of the areas around the 2 last bonfires and in time you will be summoned . you are more likely to be summoned if you replace your sign every ten seconds or so , rather than leaving it alone on the ground . this also minimizes your chances of being summoned by a player . you do not have to place it in king 's passage . it is also possible to get summoned by the looking glass knight by using a cracked red eye orb .
the answer is b or c depending on what you mean with 100 damage : if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to the creep you are about to hit for whatever reason , then sleight of fist does not matter at all and the calculation is : 100x ( cleave% ) x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) = 100x ( 50% ) x ( 150% ) = 75 damage . the answer is b if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to heroes , then the calculation is tricky and requires to know the level of sleight of fist you have because it deals both bonus damage to heroes and 50% of normal damage to creeps . the answer is c i guess your question was regarding the interaction of quelling blade and cleave , and sleight of fist is not really necessary here as it is just a source of confusion . the answer is : cleave and quelling blade do stack , if you are late in the game and you happen to have cleave% x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) > 1 ( disregarding armor ) you are better off hitting creeps than heroes if you have the chance to . note that it is not reliable with sleight of fist as you do not have a lot of control over the angle you hit the creeps from .
replays are usually lost or set to unavailable after there is a update or maintenance window . source : personal experience
transferring the save game can be done with a recent update to the ps3 version . for the trophies there are two separate lists , but if you transfer a save from the ps3 which has acquired trophies it will unlock them on the vita , and vice versa . so , you can go through unlocking them all again if you want to , or you can transfer a save from your old game to unlock ones you have already acquired .
the short answer is , skill boosting affixes will boost secondary effects from those runes as well . for instance , an affix that boosts punish will also boost the damage caused by the fire explosion when blocking ( roar rune ) . and whirlwind skill boost will cause the tornados to do more damage . the only thing i am not sure of is whether or not having a skill boosting your hatred spender ( such as cluster arrows ) will boost the ca being cast by the sentry . i suspect that damage is still tied to your sentry skill , so if you had sentry affix gear it'll boost the damage .
conserving ammunition in re4 comes down to several things . aim for the head ( or other vulnerable body part e.g. tentacles ) headshots cause the most damage to most types of enemies , more damage = less spent ammunition exploit context sensitive attacks after shooting a ganados in the head you have the opportunity to kick them in the chest causing a fair amount of damage . later on in the game , leon can perform a suplex on enemies after shooting them in the knee . suplexes cause massive damage , as well as looking awesome , so do them as often as possible . hit em while they are down after knocking an enemy down with a shotgun or a kick you can run up them and slash them with your knife . balance this with the situation you are in as you may incur damage from being too reckless . upgrade your gun 's damage as soon as possible self explanitory , more damage = less spent ammunition do not reload a gun unless you have to every time you upgrade a gun 's ammunition capacity at the vendor it comes with a fully loaded clip regardless of how many bullets were in there to begin with . therefore , only upgrade a gun 's ammo capacity when the clip is empty . specialize your weapons each weapon has a role and may not be needed in a level , however , you may need ammunition for that weapon for a future level . in circumstances where you can get by with just your pistol . store your shotty and just carry your pistol and your magnum in your inventory . this will cause magnum ammo to spawn at a greater rate than if you had a large assortment of guns in your inventory . then you can store the whole lot at your next sanctuary where you will need it for the next boss battle . use grenades like a suplex grenades are effective and awesome . if you can take out 3 or more enemies with a single grenade you are making money . buy the rpg the rpg will save you a ton of ammunition on those difficult boss battles . the one that comes to my mind is that crazy plant child thing .
as far as i can see that is not posible , here is a list of what you can do while watching a replay : unit following - you can lock the camera to any unit to follow it around the map . to do this select the unit and press ctrl + shift + f . replay overlay - an overlay in the top left displays various information for every player as chosen by the viewer . these options are listed below . n one - closes the box . r esources - displays mineral , gas and supply counters . i ncome - displays resource mining over a set period of time and the number of workers . s pending - displays where resources are being spent , either on economy , technology or army . u nits - displays number of units . units l ost - displays number of lost units . pro d uction - displays all research , construction and production taking place . a rmy - displays army units in terms of resource cost and total supply stats . ap m - displays average and current apm . due to game speed issues , these are currently inaccurate . patch 1.3.0 introduced several new features and patch 1.3.3 changed the current apm hotkey . these are listed below : in a 1v1 game , both players’ resource rows are shown in the upper right at the same time . the main game ui can now be hidden/shown by pressing ctrl + w . the ability to toggle between player unit colors and team unit colors when watching a replay or observing by pressing alt + f . new bigger panels are now available when observing or viewing a replay of 1v1 games . these panels are large and are shown in the top center portion of the screen : player name panel : displays the players ' name , team color , race , and supply count - ctrl + n . current income : ctrl + i . army and worker supply : ctrl + a . units and workers killed : ctrl + r . current apm : ctrl + v . tips if you have lost a key unit in a game , for example the blue player 's [ [ banshee ] ] , you may be able to find it by selecting a blue unit and finding it on the control group display . just double click the control group the banshee is in and the camera will focus on the units . by holding v when having a unit of one player selected your vision will switch to that of the player until you release v . source : liquipedia
short answer : it depends . long answer : if you are simply trying to stop casting of a spell with no following action , then moving is just fine and is preferred so you do not waste a keybinding on doing essentially the same thing . if you want to stop casting as part of a macro that is going to do something else like " fire off an emergency heal " , then using the /stopcasting command is better .
you can use a utility to rebind keys to other keys , or manually hack your registry to do so . here 's the source mskb article that they used . for instance , the following registry key will swap F11 and LWIN: broken down : 00,00,00,00,: version ( 0 ) 00,00,00,00,: flags ( 0 ) 03,00,00,00,: number of entries , including trailing null ( 3 ) 57,00,5b,e0,: the left windows key ( E0 5B , it is backwards ) is interpreted as an f11 ( 00 57 ) 5b,e0,57,00,: f11 ( 00 57 ) is interpreted as the left windows key ( E0 5B ) 00,00,00,00 : null ( "we are done" ) after modifying your registry , you must relog ( or restart ) in order for the changes to take effect . what scancode is what key ? see this whdc article , specifically the word document in it . use the values from the " scan 1 make " column . alternatively , some " keyboard test " utilities will tell you . once you have remapped keys in windows , you can bind them as you see fit .
as far as i can tell it stores player ( and presumably saved-game ) info in C:\Program Files\Kennys Adventure\Game.bin . i am basing this on the trial version from http://www.divogames.com/content/games/en/files/kenny/kenny_adventure_demo.exe
it depends . i have just learned about this line in the december 20th , 2007 patch changelog : the medic 's medi gun now charges at an increased rate during setup time , to remove the need for self-damage grinding so no , damaging yourself during setup does not help your medic charge faster . additionally , damaging yourself at any one time does not help your medic charge faster if he is using the quickfix . it seems obvious but worth of noting , however , that this does not apply on maps that lack a setup time in the first place . you do want to do " self-damage grinding " on 5cp and ctf maps , and perhaps every other single time you get out of spawn with a medic &mdash ; if you have seen the pros do it , that is why . even in these situations , be aware that not all self-damage methods are equally helpful in making your medic heal faster . you do not have to have a flashing red hp counter to do this ; the ubercharge rate reduction kicks in at 142.5% health ( except during setup , apparently ) and you can be overhealed up to 150% . here 's what it means : so . . . the gloves of running urgently do not damage you quite enough to keep you out of the 142.5% range . to get any advantage from that you had have to bear with the heavy spamming ' meeediiic ' until he drops below overheal , and then reap the fruits in one long shot . one rocket jump , dealing between 27 and 46 damage , drops you between 273 and 254 &mdash ; barely enough to get you and keep you below 285 . detonator jumps are surprisingly much more effective , dealing 39&ndash ; 68 damage to a class that needs only 11 short of full to charge the medic faster . that is still nothing compared to the demoman 's sticky launcher , however : with self damage ranging between 45 and 114 , you actually need to be careful about not suiciding yourself . the scout 's boston basher is also effective , as it is able to deal more damage faster than the regular medigun can heal . again , make sure you do not kill yourself in the process . finally , the buildup rate penalty caused from your patient being healed from more than one source ( medic , dispenser , cart ) also applies in warmup , so be careful about that . move away from that dispenser and overheal somebody who is not already getting all the love .
you will need to renovate one of the banks in the city to be able to collect . once in your control , just go to the bank and withdraw your money . to be able to renovate the bank , you need to be in control of the zone first . if necessary , you will have to liberate the templar-held zone first . the ones in galata should be available to you in the beginning . just examine the sign and pay the required amount . as you start off , it will cost in the mid-1000 's . but the more renovations you make , the more it will cost .
you will have to wait until yusuf teaches you how to do so . you learn it in sequence 3 , memory 4 , " bomb crafting " . to be able to craft the bombs , you need to go to a crafting table . they look like little wooden cupboards hanging on the side of a wall , often sitting next to a pigeon coop . the icon is a little white bomb on the map . i noticed that you can even add more bombs to your inventory from the weapon wheel . provided that you have at least one bomb that you want to recreate ( but not at capacity ) and you have the ingredients to make it . open the weapon wheel , select the bomb you want to create and press a ( or whatever is appropriate for your control scheme ) to add bomb . it will add more of that bomb to your inventory .
the concept of bind-on-equip does not exist in diablo iii . bashiok said something about it here ( scroll down to his post ) : yeah , we realized that binding is kind of a crappy way to pull items out of the economy . if you say that the average player produces 100 items an hour and maybe gets 1 upgrade in that time , then binding at best can account for removing 1% of items from the economy . and that is being very generous at high levels . binding is not really substantial in making a viable economy , but it is really good at establishing item prestige . which is how it is used in wow . we expect salvaging to be compelling enough to remove a good percentage of the most valuable items from the economy . high end components obtained from salvaging high end items are needed for high end crafting and enhancement . we are not promising anything on patch content , but we also feel that keeping up on introducing new items consistently will keep it from being possible for a glut of the best items from building as ' the best ' can be a constantly moving target . courtesy of krazer ( in the comments ) : jay wilson : i’m happy to announce that we recently decided there will be no binding of items in diablo iii . they will be freely traded for the life of the item . the only way we are going to do any kind of binding would be for things that are not progression-sensitive . like we might say…a quest item . we don’t want you to be able to give to other player to short circuit a quest , but if you find a sword , piece of armor , or gem… . anything that you find in the ground , once you pick it up , you can freely trade it…forever .
i do not think that it is possible to ever play against glados . what you probably heard is that it is possible to win an item from her , which you get if you beat all the bounty challenges after getting the items from the other four . however , she only deals and insults you still .
having now beaten the game , i can conclusively say : yes , an enhanced double jump can substitute for triple jump . there is no magic game-logic that prevents you from finishing the game , there is just some high jumps to make . it turns out that the stratospheric citadels are not anything special ; in my game , they were just ordinary craggy highlands tiles . they were a bit longer than normal , but it is the same as purifying any other tile : march to the end of the level , destroy the weather-manipulating thing , and then you are done . ( and then demonaica will cast spells over the citadel tile to try to prevent you from clearing it with resistance members , but that is another story . ) the evil overlord 's keep is a similar story : there are places where you need to jump high , but an enhanced double jump can do the job .
i will try to hint you first , but there is a full walkthrough here : as far as the toast goes : the toast is nabbed by a squirrel , nutter . he leaves paw print on an empty butter dish . hmm . the egg machine is considerably more complex a solution . there is a " part " missing , so you may need to explore some other parts of the house to find another mechanism to steal it from .
no , it is not possible create co-op chambers with the editor released with perpetual testing initiative dlc . valve is working on this ( i forgot now where i read it ) but no official release date has been announced . in the meanwhile you can use pti editor to create the map and then modify it with valve hammer editor to make it ready for co-op , as explained in this video .
there is a location a lot closer where you can find the slow and dry moving zombies . and that is if you go from norma 's house , to the street and turn right following the street till you reach a fence . reaching the beach and close to pyramid point . past the fence are cultists , and walking around in that area are called ( reawakened , or something else will check later on ) warrior . these count as dry and slow zombies . in that location you can get both the cultists and slow and dry . i will post a screenshot later on .
the damage of Sudden Assault is higher , however hitting more times with Several Sided Strike means you can hit more enemies , and possibly get more crits ( which are pretty nice since some of the monk 's abilities and runes are based off crits ) personally i would go with Several Sided Strike in most cases , especially if you are using Sweeping Wind which has a chance to gain stacks for each crit , although i suppose if you really want to maximize your dps on a long boss fight Sudden Assault might be better in a long run edit : great point from domocus ' comment below , the increased amount of hits from several sided strike also provides a longer time for attacking , useful for avoiding damage while waiting for cooldowns i have used sss for the ability to be invulnerable for a short time when my heals are on cooldown , so the increased invulnerability period is quite nice . although be warned , if you are tanking and use this ability , it means you will drop aggro onto the rest of your party .
the vita has a built-in psp emulator . the psp games you can play you have to buy from psn first . some games offer dlc , but for some it does not work , or is not available on psn . it is all a bit sketchy . i you just want the dlc , i suggest investigating network issues to make your psp work first , if you are using wpa security , try switching to wpa2 because wpa is obsolete . if this does not work out for you , do some googling to see if others were able to get the dlc working on their vita . in short : it is most certainly possible to get the game and the dlc on your vita , but it all depends on sony if it will work or is even available .
he marries brynn no matter what . you can try to convince him to give shpeard a kiss , but he will not do it .
simple solution : use dwarf therapist to disable the engraving labor on everyone but your most skilled stonemason . re-enable once everything is engraved . you can let everyone do the smoothing ( there is no quality value on a smoothing job ) , and disable them when you are ready to engrave the whole thing . complex solution : use burrows to restrict your non-target engravers into other parts of your fortress . your master engraver will be the only dwarf able to reach the area , so the engraving job will call him . ( in dwarf fortress , jobs pick dwarf ! )
most likely the room is lagging out . it used to happen to me all the time if its how you say it is . the room is losing the connection , even if your connection is great , the host could have a bad connection and your character jumps around the screen like you are saying .
if it is a star , then it means that they are the squad leader . if it is an ammo clip or something like that , then that means that this person has a squad perk equipped . so , in order on the above picture , we have : squad sprint squad flak squad explosives squad cover squad suppression squad frags squad ammo
this is a difficult question to answer , because the different qualities that are possible for weapons are specific to each weapon with almost no rhyme or reason . you can apply a strangifier to any quality type , so you can have strange vintage , strange collector 's , strange unusual , or strange genuine weapons/miscs . you can also apply a killstreak kit to any quality weapon as well , so you can have strange killstreak vintage and strange killstreak collector 's weapons . however there are no unusual quality items that also have a killstreak kit ( since professional killstreak kits are essentially unusual-ifiers for weapons ) . it gets down to what kits you can apply to an item . the qualities that cannot be " applied " are genuine , vintage , unusual , and collector 's ( i am not counting the less-common ones like haunted , self-made , community , etc ) . from that base quality , you can apply strangifiers and killstreak kits . and the names just stack up . if you apply any kind of kit , the weapon just gains a new name . this is demonstrated by my wicked nasty professional killstreak southern hospitality . i would like to go find a collector 's weapon that can be strangified and killstreaked .
if you are ever unsure , you can always export your game by going to the menu and clicking " export save " . you will get a code which you can then use to import the same game .
as mentioned in the comments , it sounds like an enderman has come to visit . these creatures spawn in darkness and ( amongst other things ) will pick up certain blocks and move them around , as described on the minecraft wiki : endermen have a unique ability to pick up certain block types and move them around , which they generally spend their time doing while neutral . they can also step up one full block without having to jump . in terms of defending your home from endermen , the answers to this question have some tips you may want to try . alternatively , you can try building your home ( and surrounding wall ) out of materials that an enderman can not move , such as stone or brick ( the wiki article has a full list of blocks that they can move . )
blitzcranks ultimate is a silence , however it is duration is only 0.5 seconds which is why it is usually used as an interrupt ( or for damage ) rather than as a silence effect that prevents casting new spells . the fact that it is aoe and instant makes it a great counter to spells like katarina ultimate or teleport and the main reason why it is a silence is because before the kassadin rework there was no specific spell effect for channel interrupts . the only thing that existed back then were hard cc or small knockups/knockbacks .
after many more attempts , i have come up with the placement ( at the red buff ) , but i do not yet have a screenshot to back it up . i will attempt to explain it as best i can , and will try to get a screenshot at some point , to update the answer . the biggest issue i was having was that i would throw the axe , hit all 3 , but not be able to pick it up to lower the cooldown , without moving . what i have found however , is if you stand behind red , between red and the smaller vertically aligned creep , as close to red as possible without attacking , you can throw the axe to the other side of red ( so that your cursor is the red attack sword , but it is on the opposite side of red . ) it may take a bit of experimentation , but this seems to hit all 3 , and causes a reduced cooldown . the axe has a larger radius of effect than i expected , so you do not need to place the cursor all the way on the far creep . hopefully this helps someone . if no one else , it helped me .
so , there are two ways that you can complete this quest without wrongly accusing somebody like kalkstien , rammsmeat or vincent . to do this , you need to either successfully complete the autopsy , by expressing extreme suspicion , and having previously read the books forensic medicine and zerrikanian insects and other vermin , or complete the quest a gravedigger 's gratitude and explore the catacombs in the city cemetery . since this can not be done until you clear vincent , that'd appear to be why you are dead-ending . to clear vincent , either do not be a dick to him , and he will remove himself from the list of suspects through normal dialog , or complete the quest the rat , then speak to coleman on the docks . ( note : if you let the scoia'tel in chapter 1 buy weapons and go , they will kill coleman and break the the rat questchain . your final option is to make the false accusation , and do what raymond tells you . yes , he is leading you on and shifty as hell , but you have missed the opportunity to prove that . so dance his dance and eventually , he will come clean . you miss out on some nice xp this way , but it does not break the game or have any real lasting outcome in terms of the narrative as far as i know .
yes , according to steam support : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#existingsteamacc
a month is the same as a day . therefore there are 12 days ( months ) in a year .
the most efficient way to build up a collection is to buy cheap cards from the bots . they will sell junk commons for around 128/tix . however , the vast majority of competitive tournaments/games that you will be playing in are going to be a limited format , meaning that you only have the cards you open during the game ( such as in drafting which you mention ) . pre-constructed tournaments are quite rare in magic online ; and so your collection will not have much input onto your games . that is not to say that having a large collection and good knowledge of the current sets is not important in the limited formats ( it is ! ) , just that the size of your collection itself does not mean much in the competitive arena .
" what features would distinguish a gaming audio system from the regular one ? " in my experience , there are not any such features . i have a music studio , lots of audiophile equipment and lots of gaming gadgets . i sometimes use them interchangeably . ' gaming ' gear is usually targeted at people 's perceptions or desires rather than their requirements . if there was one major difference , buying audiophile gear offers a large advantage : they are aimed at an audience who know how to critique their products . games accessories are aimed at the ' gadget ' market - and as such as more likely to be over-priced , flimsy and inferior to an equivalent developed for the audio industry . steelsound headphones , for example , can offer excellent sound quality but they can not take any sort of a beating ( or moisture ) and for the price you had expect that . an equivalent set of sony headphones is superior . it is not that the sony headphones bring any special features to the table , it is the economics of a utility versus a toy . 5.1/7.1/9.1/45.1 speaker setups are intended for home theatre . they are not relevant for video gaming and headphones will serve you just fine . pro gamers use headphones - there is no justification . if you are going to buy a decent set of headphones you need to upgrade your sound card to get the benefit of them . i highly recommend little usb stick sound cards , such as those from steelsound . they are convenient as hell . now i have not really described what definition of ' better ' i am using . better is fidelity . if you are looking to be competitive , you need to be able to pick out small cues and individual sounds from the mix . that tiny little click underneath all the explosions ? that is your opponent reloading ! it is also very important the sound is not too tinny or thick - huge liabilities when you are trying to concentrate . this comes naturally from getting good equipment with a wide natural dynamic range . if you are interested in speakers specifically , you can do a lot worse than buying short-range studio reference monitors such as these : http://www.camdensounds.co.uk/monitors/edirol-ma-7a-bk-analogue-stereo-micro-studio-monitors.html they are designed for the studio , they will not break the bank ( in comparison to equivalent home theatre/gaming kit ) and they sound just sublime - but they are only useful if you are sat in just the right place in front of the screen , conveniently exactly where a gamer sits !
in order to use spc you must open the chat window , then type in a command . to open the chat window , type t , then your command .
weight : is irrelevant and can be ignored . capacity : while companions have unlimited ammo , they are restricted by the clip size of a given weapon - it affects how often they reload , and , by extension , their overall rate of fire as well as time spent in cover . fire rate : obviously companions are affected by this . rate of fire is just as important to their damage output as it is to shepards . damage : again , this is just as important to companions as it is to shepard . accuracy : accuracy does matter for companions . even though it can be assumed that the ai is not going to fire wide on purpose , accuracy has a noticeable impact on , for instance , the spread of pellets from a shotgun blast , or the level of ' drift ' during a sustained burst with an smg or assault rifle .
first , one very important aspect of the game that many people tend to overlook is the fact that is has a " looping " feature . there is no notification in the game at all that this exists , and personally , i found out completely by accident . when you get a " game over , " the month restarts . however , you restart the month with all the merchant levels , adventurer levels , stock , pix , dungeon levels you unlocked with your previous attempt ! you will have to make your way through the hall of trials again , but after that , i believe you should be able to continue from the last door area again . for example , i had dungeon levels 6-11 unlocked of jade way during my first attempt at the second week , i got a game over , then when i restarted , i still had access to those levels . so do not stress too much about failing , just keep on trucking and do not reload your game if you want to keep your progress . the number of customers coming in is not really directly related to how often you open your shop . you get the peak amount of customers coming in around noon/afternoon . business ( like a real shop ) is a slower in the morning and evening . so do not worry about being open " too often . " dungeon crawling is the most optimal way to stock your shelves . getting to the end of the dungeon means you get to take home everything instead of only one thing if you die . so survivability is your goal ! memorizing the attack patterns of the different types of enemies is definitely a good idea . if you do that , you can fairly easily get through the dungeons without taking too much damage . you can also run through the dungeons avoiding everything to get to the final boss , but you will not have as much loot to take home , so it is usually better to just kill stuff . there is also a chain bonus which gives you bonus xp for killing monsters of the same type and color . i am not sure if/when that bonus maxes out . it is a good way to level up your adventurer though , as well as farm on respawning enemies for some loot . take at least one health recovery item to use in an emergency and remember , your health completely replenishes when you level . do not rush the final bosses , take your time and watch their attack pattern if it is your first time fighting them . the best way to get your customers to buy larger purchases is to build a better relationship with them . customers also effectively have " levels , " and whenever you sell to them , it helps go towards leveling up their relationship with you , which in turn increases their budget . getting " just chains " will level up your merchant level quickly , which is when you sell something to someone without haggling . it starts out at 2xp and doing that several times in a row will give you an xp bonus up to 128 xp . this will help level up your merchant level quicker , which will in turn give you better options for handling your store ! there is also apparently a mechanic ingame where you will gain more rep with the customer if you sell to them around or exactly at the price they were thinking of . so in general , if you are selling at a profit of 110% on a first offer rather than haggling them down to 120% after a first offer of 140% , you will end up with better xp/rep gain overall , even if in the short term , it is less profit . hope these tips help ! good luck and capitalism , ho !
endless mode on level cube . during the latter waves , the only enemies are deadly rain which attack from above . because of the top floor in the level cube , the deadly rain cannot easily kill your forces on the bottom floor . the deadly rain begin moving in large groups over time as you last more waves so your survivability is tied to your efficiency . use plenty of aoe . stack the side near the enemy spawn mostly with fred to slow the enemy to a standstill and then cover the remainder of the bottom floor with flint . stack the top level with ricky where they can target the enemy spawn and sid in the far corner where the ricky can not aim from . the other spots can not target the creep spawn so do not worry about them . monitor the game until the only enemies spawning are deadly rain ( around wave 90~100 ) , making sure to replenish and heal your forces as needed . check in every 10-20 minutes to throw down a mike if needed , but your units will really only be taking hits because of a fluke so the rest is auto-pilot . leave the game running for an extended period and when you are done you will have thousands of kills . be sure to go into the options and turn off the setting to pause when the game loses focus because this will take several hours . while i can not conclusively prove that this is the " most efficient " , the spawn rates do not really improve drastically so a setup like this is probably pretty close . because your kill rates drop as the enemies get stronger , your most efficient path is to end it around wave 500 ( just under 4000 kills ) or maybe even sooner and then go again for at most another dozen runs to get the achievement . eventually you will stop getting kills at all and will be forced to end it some time around 5000 kills . for high score , feel free to leave it as this setup is unstoppable with the enemies literally frozen in place and unable to hurt your units . simply set it up and let it do its thing until you get to wave 500-700 or so .
from milling thousands of cataclysm herbs , i have discovered that whiptail returns twice as much rare pigment as cinderbloom . specifically , 100 mills will return ( on average ) Herb RarePigments CommonPigments Low Quality (CB) 25 250 High Quality (WT) 50 300  similarly in mists of pandaria , Fool's Cap ( the only high quality herb ) gives twice as much rare pigment as the other mop herbs . unfortunately , due to the high cost of fool 's cap on my server , i have only milled it 16 times , which is not good enough to show the difference . if you have fool 's cap and want misty pigment , you will get more pigment if you sell the fool 's cap and buy any other mop herb that costs less than half the fool 's cap . however , you will have to mill twice as many times - if you are time limited instead of gold limited , mill the fool 's cap .
manpower is a crucial factor in creating and maintaining larger armies . from the ingame help text : manpower represents how many able men of military age your nation has available . manpower is used to recruit new troops and to reinforce armies that have suffered casualties in war . whenever you want to recruit a new troop , you have to " pay " 1,000 manpower . if you do not have enough manpower , you cannot raise new troops . when your troops lose men in fights or because of attrition , they will automatically be restocked from your manpower pool . if you do not have enough manpower available , replenishing your troops will happen a lot slower . ( capped by the speed with which your manpower regenerates ) the exception to this are mercenaries , which do not drain manpower when being built or replenished . low manpower is one of the main reasons why you would want to recruit mercenaries . to sum it up : manpower can be a deciding factor in war . you will find that if you are taking heavy losses during war you will not be able to replenish your troops fast enough or raise new troops because of low manpower . this might give your opponent the necessary edge to conquer your lands . you can find more info about the topic in the eu4 wiki entry on manpower .
at the end of each mission , if you have unlocked any new techniques during said mission it will list them in a pop-up and tell you what they do before you see your score for the mission . however , past that there is no interface that lists all of them as far as i know .
one way is the one described in this answer : the trick is to force the other car to stop in a way it would take time for the npc to actually drive around you . just stop your car in front of the other will not usually work . force it in a corner . another way , which i found way easier , is to shoot the driver dead . do not aim the back of the car , aim the head of the driver ! there are multiple ways to do this : stops your car in front of his car and shoot at him approach his car from a side and shoot him shoot from behind aiming the windshield , you will eventually kill him
not in the base game . your only real option is to self-sort . luckily , your house in whiterun has multiple chests ( when fully upgraded ) , including a chest near the alchemy station , so at the very least you can store certain items in certain chests to keep things straight and ordered .
when i passed this place it seemed that her loud speech would draw guard 's attention . and geralt does not pick the lock , he calms the woman to be quiet to keep his runaway silent .
no , it is not required . my kinect does not work , but this game still does .
the pocketstation is simply a special playstation one memory card with a screen and a few buttons . a few select playstation titles could send special data to the pocketstation where you could play a game on the pocketstation itself , independent of the playstation , and sometimes send data back to the game for in-game rewards . a notable user of this system was final fantasy 8 , whose north american version included this feature , despite the us never getting the pocketstation . those of us ( me ) who imported a pocketstation could use it on na ff8 on na playstations , however . if you are familiar with the dreamcast 's vmu " visual memory unit " , it is exactly that , though it loaded in the memory card slot , not the controller , and was not used as a display in-game . also noteworthy is the playstation 3 actually recognizes and can read pocketstation data ( it will even display a pocketstation icon ) , though it cannot send data back to the pocketstation , making it somewhat useless unless you need to read it as a memory card .
you can change your base speed using the console , which you can open using the ~ key ( or whatever key is to the left of the number strip at the top of your keyboard ) . type player.setav speedmult x where x is the number you want for your walking speed ; the default is 100 . you can either increase or decrease this number . increasing it higher will result in super fast running which man ruin the reality of the game . i would recommend player.setav speedmult 125 . in my opinion the default running is way too fast , and the default walking is too slow . while holding alt to sprint is perfect . the only other way i know to edit these values is to open the core files , like xml with a text editor , but i will not go into that much detail here . you should be able to google it .
yes , you can spend experience points to increase the chances of success as show in this video : you do this by pressing the arrow keys : &rarr ; increases the amount of experience used . &larr ; decreases the amount of experience used .
i was one of the first people to beat endurance mode ( level 1337 ) on armor games ' leaderboards . it is not that hard once you have it set up right . i will re-paste the mini-guide i posted on jig here : the first key is to get a gem that is yellow-orange-lime . . . in a trap . you will have to 8x-amp a single tower for a while before you have a high enough gem , but once your yol gem is about grade 12 or 13 you can put it in front of the entrance and instantly fill your mana bar with dead monsters . the second key is to use giants only and summon as many as you can handle each wave while you are still setting up . for me , it was 1 gem grade per 10 waves , so 1-10 is a grade 1 gem , 11-20 is grade 2 , etc . you make a huge profit by doing this , since the giants are worth so much per kill . do not summon after 160 or so , since the natural hp of the creeps quickly starts to climb to 3.33 billion . the nice thing about this is that the max natural creep hp stays at 3.33 billion for the rest of the game . other important tips : put a blue/purple trap before your yol trap until you are comfortable that your yol can kill anything ( grade 20-21 or so ) . remember : do not summon after round 160 or so . you have been warned . get your amulets done early on in the battle . for example , it takes about 4-6 grade 19s in a shrine to kill off a monster with 3 billion hp , so save yourself the trouble . i did this for the first time on h11 , and ended up with a total multiplier of 7583 .
when you buy halo : combat evolved anniversary , you get two components : the original campaign remastered , along with 6 multiplayer maps and 1 firefight map using the halo : reach engine . if do not own halo : reach , you can only play the maps included with anniversary . there is a multiplayer option on the title screen of anniversary that boots up a minimal version of halo : reach - namely , only multiplayer with only anniversary playlists available . if you bought a new copy of anniversary , it should have included a code that allows you to download the anniversary map pack for halo : reach . once you have done this , these maps work like any other map pack for halo : reach - they are available to play ( whether in a custom game or in matchmaking ) when you run halo : reach . if you did not buy anniversary new ( or only want the maps , and not the remastered campaign ) , the anniversary map pack can be downloaded for 1200ms points .
yes . ( source ) note that eu/au is the same region ( 1 , 2 ) . so in fact , you answered your own question with the link that says the au version is not locked :p
you get all of the hats in find mii by completing two playthroughs . as listed by ign , the hats from the first playthrough of find mii are mario hat red pikmin hat link hat samus hat kirby hat cat hat dog hat crown and the hats from the second playthrough are luigi hat toad hat bowser hat blue pikmin hat yellow pikmin hat metroid hat bunny hat ultimate hat
having a superior archer line and the infantry composition makes a difference in how best to use cavalry . the enemy has better/more archers , same infantry levels : go and slaughter the archers , sure your footmen will get more losses to their cavalry , but a freely firing archer line , if they are not nords , can be devastating . same archers , more infantry : try joining the fray on the flanks , or even better from the rear . wherever their infantry faces to deal with , they will be vulnerable from the rear to the rest of your army . in this case fast death dealers ( short weapon , nasty swing ) will be much more useful . if they have hard hitting cavalry the best you can do is to engage them with your own . a close matched infantry skirmish can fast become a massacre with a bunch of heavy charging cav with spears , as these tend to keep the enemy -you ! - at arms length while their buddies slaughter those who fall down from the initial charge or the impact of horses when things become a giant melee ball . if you send your cav to meet theirs however , your footmen will have more time and chance dealing with their enemy . if you are nord , and it sounds like you are , then your guys have slow horses . that means your companions will have to be more active in mopping up the light armored foes . to this end , i would suggest lance/shield combo , and on your part , constantly looking up where you can strike hard . your cavalry still should function according to the cases above .
there are two factors to consider here when using tower buff beams . length : the length of a tower buff beam has no effect on the stats of a beam . a super-short beam has the exact same stats as a maxed out length beam . the only difference here is the amount of defense units it costs to summon it . multiplier : the multiplier of the buff beam is dependent on your series ev 's tower stats . the higher the stats , the higher the multiplier . these multipliers scale differently ; damage scales the best , followed by damage resistance , attack rate , and lastly range ( range scales horribly ) . it is not uncommon for a seasoned player to have two series ev heroes ; one geared specifically for tower damage , and the other geared towards tower health . the damage buff beams would be used only on damaging towers like harpoons , while the tower health ev only summons physical beams and buff beams to make them even more resilient .
the wiki has been updated . huzzah ! step one - applying modifiers to the enchantment level the first thing that minecraft does is apply two modifiers to the base enchantment level . each modifier is restricted to a certain range , with numbers close to the middle of the range more common than those near the ends . the first modifier is based on the item 's " enchantability , " which depends on the material and the type of the item ( see the table below ) . minecraft picks a number between 0 and the enchantability , then adds that number plus one to the enchantment level . bows have an enchantability of 1 for this purpose . shoot . . . score ! source
yes , donald and goofy continue to level normally if you swap them out with the world-specific character . i remember this from playing it , but trying to find an authoritative reference i did not turn up much . it is , however , listed as an example of the " leaked experience " trope : kingdom hearts also uses the " one experience progression " idea . [ . . . ] characters who are knocked out in combat do not gain experience in the first game . oddly , this meant that on the hard difficulty , it was actually easier for a good portion of the game to level glass cannon donald up by leaving him out of the party .
yes there is . if you do not have the dlc for kasumi you will miss out on her interaction for the hanar mission : kasumi reappears on the citadel , giving an anonymous tip to the salarian spectre jondum bau about hanar operatives being aware of an alliance black ops raid into batarian space . with shepard 's assistance , they were able to corner the hanar , who was willingly serving the reapers . kasumi was able to stop the hanar from uploading a virus that nearly disabled kahje 's defenses , at the same time faking her death . she was then convinced by shepard to lend her assistance with the crucible . zaeed , will also make an appearance in the game on a quest involving a hanar and cerberus , resulting in the volus bombing squadron as a war asset . other smaller dialog changes include conversations with liara ( shadow broker related ) , and the outcome of the arrival dlc . if you saved gavin archer 's brother , david , in the overlord dlc and let him stay at project overlord , you will run into gavin again in me3 on a side quest involving jacob and he will be a war asset . other dlcs such as bring down the sky from me1 will allow you to increase your war assets . in this case , if you let the batarian leader live , you can recruit his fleet .
there are a few things that are unlocked in the " bionic commando " remake by doing certain things in " bionic commando : rearmed . " the bc retro outfit is one of them . you have to have a bc : rearmed save with this unlocked in order to use the skin in the other game . the unlocks are : - bc retro outfit - complete bc : rearmed . - prototype weapon - get the albatross icon from the last level of bc : rearmed - purple matrix - after getting all the yashicis , find the purple matrix item in area 00
yes ! just used it , jumped straight to ng+ on grounded .
i know you will find another oran berry later in the game ; i skipped the miltank thing ( it is not important for completing the game ) and eventually came across another berry , though i do not remember exactly where . you can get blue shards from smashing rocks , then trade with the juggler in violet city . but probably the easiest way is to send a pokemon to the refreshing field area on the pokewalker . once you have 300 steps in one day , use the dowsing machine and there is a good chance you will obtain an oran berry . once you have one oran berry , transfer it back to your game , plant it in your berry pot , and water it regularly ( about every 4 hours ) . you should get several more , which you can replant again and again .
there is no difference between the two . they are functionally the same . power is a stat that is seen across all classes , but the definition of " force power " is usually only see on gear that is worn by force users ( sith warrior , sith inquisitor jedi knight , jedi consular ) , same goes for " tech power " for tech users ( imperial agent/bounty hunter/smuggler/storm trooper ) . the answer can be found in this other related question : what effect do the lesser character stats have ?
i am going to assume you mean these : that is the dlc indicator . the symbols are general knoxx , moxxi 's underdome , and island of dr . ned , from left to right . if there is a checkmark by it like so , it means that the host has the dlc . if you see a black x in a red circle next to the image , like this , then the host does not have that particular piece of dlc . you can see in this particular example that the host has none of the dlc at all .
keyboard shortcuts of civilization 5 general hotkeys general unit hotkeys action hotkeys Delete Delete Unit Ctrl+A Attack Ctrl+B Ranged S Set up Artillery H Fortify Until Healed  air unit hotkeys Alt+R Rebase Mode S Air Strike Mode Alt+S Air Sweep I Intercept N Nuke Mode  civilian unit hotkeys have fun = ) source
apparently there is a flawless strategy in civ5 and if you apply it correctly , winning on deity is rather easy . and you do not even have to make some special settings for the game . just i have to warn that its much more fun if you discover it yourself rather than get it from internet , as in that way it kind of ruins your game experience as it did to me to some level . the easiest way ( as irony man correctly pointed out ) is setting the map type to archipelago , as ai is totally hopeless on water . just expand all the time , build some naval units to fend off any aggressive ais , grab those resources , trade and develop . you should be able to get any kind of victory quite easily . you can also use continents or pangaea maps . you need to apply a flawless strategy to get a win on those . a strategy might be slightly different depending on which faction you are playing , but there are some basic rules which work for all of them . the specific faction strategy is to get the most of the special ability . that means if you are playing for english - build naval units , if you are playing for french - build a lot of small cities , if you are playing for romans - build all that is needed in rome , etc . the most important bit is a good start . i would divide it into three phases : settling . my winning initial build order is worker-settler-scout . develop technologies needed to get those resources . scout the land using your initial warrior and try to not be delayed by any spotted barbarians . settle the land to grab the luxury resources asap , but do not go too far from your capital . once you got a scout use it to discover map further and use your warrior to deal with barbarians near your cities . get liberty sp branch and citizenship sp next . at this point you just build settlers , workers and monuments in all your cities . forget about any early wonders . if you met a militaristic cs you can steal a worker from them ( they are useless ) . declare a war , capture a worker and make peace all in the same turn . on the other hand its way too easy and some people call it an exploit , so i do not usually do that . fighting . at some point you will meet other civs . be nice to them , but do not forget that they are your rivals and sadly due to a crazy inherent ai warmongering its almost impossible to make a good friend till the end of the game in civ5 . you might be able to settle 2 cities or maybe 5 cities ( depending on the map ) before you start rubbing your shoulders with other civs . discover archery and build some 2-3 archers . discover horseback riding and build some 2-3 horsemen . do not bother about infantry . once you have 5-6 units declare a war to your nearest neighbour . try to get other civs as your allies in this war for now . do not attack ! select a good defendable spot of land ( might be a river valley or similar ) , preferably inside your borders for a friendly lands fighting bonus and faster healing and get them to come . do not lose any of your units , if necessary retreat to heal . ai should send several waves of units and run out of them at some point . by that time you should have discovered mathematics and built a catapult or two . now heal your army and go and get those ai cities . raze them and leave a capital as a puppet ( annex it then you have some spare happiness ) . settle the land with your own settlers . now do the same to the next neighbour . . . developing . constantly develop your cities , prioritize them . that means that some of your cities would be appointed to making money ( if they have a lot of luxury resources nearby ) , some to making science ( if they got jungle tiles ) , some to production ( a lot of hills ) to build wonders and units , some to make culture ( none of the above advantages ) . you still need culture to adopt those all important policies even if you are not going for cultural victory . dedicating city to some task means that you build that aspect enhancing building as soon as you have it available ( markets , banks , stock exchanges for money cities , etc . ) and you appoint specialists only to that same task . still every city should have at least a monument , library , market and a coliseum . make city-state allies . preference is for not hostile ones with a luxury resource you do not have . after you make allies with several maritime cs 's you can stop building farms and better build trade posts . then make allies with cultural cs 's . forget about militaristic ones , unless they have a resource you so badly need . now if you still have not lost your army at this point you should be doing rather well and can continue playing the way you like . or if you want to be really effective and crush them all you can apply an ics ( infinite city sprawl ) strategy . this strategy is genuine and it works perfectly , but honestly i do not like it myself at all , as it takes all the fun off the game . so if you enjoy civ5 so far and want it to continue better close this post now , but if you want to further ruin your game experience read on . . the basics of ics are explained elsewhere much better than i would be able to , so i will just quote . here 's the theory behind infinite city sprawl , as written by alpaca in his infinite rome thread on civfanatics : the idea of an ics strategy is to settle cities as close as possible to leverage the additional growth , production and commerce that small cities have over large ones . in civ5 , there are a number of game mechanics that lend themselves well to this kind of strategy . to wit : 1 ) maritime city states . the bonus granted from maritime city states is per city . each adds +2 food to the city tile at the start , increasing to +4 over the course of the game . since every city benefits from this free food , a single maritime cs ally will allow you to set up two additional specialists in every in the later stages of the game . obviously , the more cities the better , because each gets the bonus . 2 ) happiness buildings . in civ5 , happiness is global . . . or is it ? in fact , only the consumption of happiness is really global . the production is local . each city can build happiness buildings , and the low-tier buildings are more efficient and more effective than the higher ones . if you have lots of small cities , each can have a colosseum and a circus where available , and some theatres . this actually rules out happiness as a long-term limiting factor and turns it into a growth-limiting factor because you need to set up these buildings in each new city . 3 ) purchasing things with gold . provided you have enough gold , you can buy buildings where and when you need them . spamming trade posts is a typical strategy , and it is possibly even better in ics . just spam trade posts , make money , and buy the buildings you need . this is especially good for the more expensive buildings which have a better gold/hammer ratio . 4 ) certain policies , like communism and much of the liberty tree , scale with the number of cities . so do some civilization abilities or buildings , like the one of harun al-rashid or the chinese paper maker . for them , you also want as many cities as possible . 5 ) research favors large empires because a tech will cost the same , no matter how many cities you have . since having more cities usually means having more science , you will tech faster . 6 ) trade route maintenance makes you want to put your cities as close together as possible . city tiles are free roads , after all . there is a significant drawback to ics which i will not hide from you : the speed of unlocking social policies . this is the only thing that is really better for small empires because , roughly , your average culture per city is what determines policy speed . since there are sources of culture that do not scale with the number of cities , like wonders and cultural cs , you will be slower at unlocking these sps , so make sure you only pick those which are most useful to you . you can find some great comprehensive examples of how it is applied here : http://www.garath.net/sullla/civ5/liberteordre.html or here : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=390302 and this one is very short and straight to the point : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=388793
by far the largest contributing factor is whether or not your team wins or loses . i actually did a multivariate regression of almost a dozen factors about the game and two other largest contributing factors were your k/d ratio and your team 's total score ( out of 10,000 , 7,500 , 200 , what have you , depending on game type ) . of course , your team winning and your team 's total score may be auto-correlated ( meaning that there is a correlation betweent the variables of team winning and team total score ) . this means you could either remove team winning or team total score and still have a valid model ( depending on the degree of auto-correlation ) , but it would not have the same predictive power . bottom line main factors : - your k/d - your team 's score - your team wins status other notes - total matches regressed : 34 - data does not appear to be heteroskedastic or homoskedastic - correlation between team win and team total score was 0.82 - in the data set no draws occured
i eventually succeeded by lurking in the left lane ( fortunately no oncoming traffic in this level ) until there was a large enough gap in the traffic to slip around the corner . very inelegant , but a solution for this annoying bug .
the main trick is to get the area as clear as possible first , and then dash through it . try shooting for a bit to clear out most of the bubbles , then dash across the top while shooting down to keep any more from coming up . it should look something like this . this principle can also be applied to sections with falling rocks , just dash towards the bottom instead . there is another sequence just before the image you posted where you have to jump down a taller shaft against the flow of bubbles . for stuff like that , you generally want to shoot straight down , and use dashes to keep yourself from falling too quickly .
yes , you are able to play custom sounds with command blocks using command : playsound &lt;sound&gt; &lt;player&gt; [x] [y] [z] [Volume] [Pitch] [minimumVolume]  minecraft wiki has the following description : example : sound located at .minecraft\assets\sound\mob\pig\death.ogg the value for sound would be written as mob.pig.death , as the command originates from the sound folder . for sequentially numbered files pertaining to the same event ( like various walking sounds ) , the player must exclude the number of the sound ( for example , sound located at .minecraft\assets\sound\mob\pig\say2.ogg ) . in this case , the command will play a randomly selected sound out of the three available . a player or area must be selected , and the player must be able to hear the sound from where it is played . i have no knowledge on adding more numbered sounds , but the wording of the above description makes me think it should be handled ok by the game . unless anyone else adds that information , you will have to test yourself - just add a loud scream to zombie groans and walk around for some time : )
just like the personal story , the living story is part of the " event assistant " , which sits in the top right of the ui and is a " permanent component " of the interface . you can expand/collapse it , but currently you can not disable it as a whole . there is been talk that the ui will become more customisable with future releases , though not to the extreme that guild wars was . your only option , if it bothers you enough , is to turn off the ui completely ( ctrl + shift + h ) , which , as one player demonstrated in a video , works better than you had expect , or to add your voice to those asking to be able to hide personal and living story elements of the ui .
i am assuming you mean the vines , as you speak of dirt blocks , and the vines grow from those . they do look like liane . the dirt block needs to have grass on it . and grass spreads from other grassy dirt blocks . or , you can use grass seeds , or the staff of regrowth . the only requirement i can find is just a grassy dirt block . sunlight , underground/aboveground . it all does not matter .
[ w ] e went with kill , streak , streak ended . &mdash ; lol ui designer and from their published screenshots here and here : single yellow sword : kill multiple blue swords : kill streak downward sword : breaking someone 's kill streak the background is if it was a kill for your team ( green ) or theirs ( red )
there should be a vent that leads to the other end of the hallway behind the turret ( where the advanced hacking tutorial is made available ) . there is also a number of cardboard boxes in the vicinity . just grab some and stack them up in front of the turret so it cannot see into the hallway . the turret will not see you as long as you stay behind the crates . after you obstruct its view , you could then return to the other end of the hallway and make your way into the room .
there are a few ways to earn gold . follow the zerg in straits of devastation . players have found a way to do dynamic events in a manner results in a never ending chain . each event rewards a good amount of exp , gold and karma . pop a karma booster for more karma . this is by far the best way of earning gold and karma . the downside is that it is a very boring method . caudecus ' manor . this level 40 dungeon is truly the easiest dungeon to grind . a good group of players can clear this dungeon in 15minutes . each completion rewards 13 silver as well as plenty of level dependent loot to salvage . this is a great way to farm gold and crafting mats like gossamer scraps and orichulam ores . the downside is that it does not reward karma . it can also turn into quite a grind . citadel of flames . this dungeon 's reward is not as good as caudecus ' manner . however , i noticed it tends to drop quite a nice amount of loot bags which give crafting mats like bones and vials of blood . selling those on the trading post can result in quite a bit of profit . one nice upside is that is is quite challenging which makes it a nice alternative to the easy yet boring caudecus ' manor . wvwvw . there are plenty of dynamic events in here . capturing points all give good rewards . the biggest upside to wvwvw is that it has a huge fun factor . sept 17th edit : the latest patch reduced the rewards for running dungeons constantly . this would reduce the farming effectiveness of caudecus ' manor and citadel of flames in story mode . it looks like the current fastest way to earn gold/karma would be to fight in wvwvw when your server is evenly matched with the opponent .
the key is used to open a door north of the grey road waypoint in dredgehaunt cliffs , which starts the event kill the imp lord to stop him from summoning more imps . the event is a battle against a veteren imp and small horde of imps . after finishing the event you will be able to loot a chest , which will be located in the room behind the door . the door is located just north of the grey road waypoint in dredgehaunt cliffs . i have marked it on this map with a star . the door to the event surprise ! a whole bunch of lovely imps to maul your face off . once you take down the hoard of imps , the imp lord is fairly easy to take down . success ! now reward yourself to a chest of goodies .
i would personally use them for different scenarios and different points during a game of survival . it is also important to note that they have different uses depending on the map you are playing . as you reference seatown , i will talk about that first . i tend to use the predator only on the earlier rounds ( &lt ; 30 ) due to the limitation you are aware of - the inability to move . points are abundant on this map so it is easy to use a predator to wipe out the early juggernauts if you can get them to bunch up together . for juggernaut rounds > 30 i prefer to use airstrikes solely because you can ' fire and forget ' . moving around the map is very important on seatown in later waves , so this is an immense benefit . the other good thing about the airstrike is that you can team it up with flashbangs to keep a group of enemies around the spot that the strike is called in . this obviously works best with a coordinated 2 player approach - one with flashes , one with airstrike . but , on underground the predator is extremely useful in all rounds ( especially from 30+ ) to hit a group of enemies at their spawn point on the raised platform by where the two trains are parked just before the entrance to the building . ( use a predator to survey the battle field and you will see where i mean , i will try to post a link to a map later ) hitting the enemies here immediately after spawn allows you to get quad kill/kill streak/rampage quite easily and the predator effectively pays for itself . again , i find points quite abundant on this map , so it is not as important to be conservative with them . remember , if you are hitting round 39 now , to improve you want to get to round 45 or 50 then build on that . there is no point dying with $50k that you could have spent on airstrikes , predators , riot squads , body armor etc . it is important to keep a reasonable amount back for self-revies , claymores , c4 and flashbangs - but otherwise you can spend more than you think . for reference , i play on ps3 and currently sit around #500 for underground ( round 62 ) . i think my seatown best is round 51 , but working on bettering that currently .
the blizzard launcher frequently gets stuck . it will either think it needs updating and never find anything or it will think it is done updating and still need more . usually this has something to do with agent.exe not initializing properly . to fix : open your favorite flavor process manager ( crtl+shift+esc on windows ) look for agent.exe ( or agent.exe * 32 on 64-bit ) end the agent.exe process . agent.exe will then restart itself and the launcher will come to its senses .
i finally managed to get credited for this challenge . it is not the most straightforward challenge to get so you will just have to tough it out . i think the thing that made the big difference is that when you destroy their drones , it has to : be shot at . ( so no grenades or other gadgets ) be shot with a loud weapon . ( so no silent weapons ) probably one of the easiest places to get it is in one of charlie 's 4e missions , pakistani embassy and get to the 13th wave . in this wave , there will be many drone operators just sending their army of drones at you along with the usual horde of regulars , armoreds , dogs etc . it does not matter what difficulty , but it will make things easier if done on rookie . there will be many different entry points for the drone operators . however the one where i think you will have the easiest time dealing with is the one on the upper level across from the embassy which looks like a bombed out building . here 's a screenshot of me just hanging out of the windows : of all their entry points , this has the most cover for you to hide behind . a total of two drone operators will spawn there throughout the wave so whatever you do , do not kill them until the end that way you can kill the two required for the challenge together . first step is to kill everyone else until the two drone operators are the last ones left alive . the second will not spawn until much later in the wave so do not worry if you do not see him , he will be there . when everyone else is finally dead , clear out all of the drones that are still active in the map . that way the operators will send out new ones when you are ready . with all drones gone , wait until they are not alerted so the drones are not going crazy fast too soon . take cover behind the wall where they are camping . they should not see you and it should give you a good position to take a quick shot at their drones as they are launched . ( this was taken after the wave so you can not see them now ) depending on the direction they launch their drones , you might have to face the other opening . then from here , you just gotta play the waiting game . wait until they launch their drone and shoot it once to stop it . you should not shoot it again to kill it because it will take multiple drone explosions to eventually kill them . although they are heavily armored , they will eventually die after direct hits of enough explosions . i would stop maybe 2-3 drones at their feet before considering blowing them up . it might take more but you will get it eventually . when you are ready , shoot a disabled drone to get it to blow up . the operators will probably right next to eachother and the chain reaction of explosions should be enough to finally kill them both . if not , just repeat the process until they finally die and you should get the challenge .
this sounds like plain-old void fog , which is removed by exposure to the zenith . it gradually returns further away , similar to the light pattern around a torch .
pets come in different rarity levels , common , uncommon , rare , legendary and divine . each pet can also have up to three abilities depending on their rarity level , and the abilities are improved by feeding pets items . - rotmg wiki pets are dropped by gods and can be hatched while in the pet yard by shift-clicking on the egg in your inventory . once hatched , a pet has one ability but can be fused with another pet to unlock more . pet abilities can include heal , magic heal , attacks of various ranges and powers ( close , mid , and far ) , decoy , electric ( paralyzes nearby enemies ) and more . the healing powers are the most useful ones imo , because the damage that pets do is barely noticeable . once hatched , there is no way to lose your pet . the egg will disappear from your inventory , and if you die with it it returns to the pet yard . " feeding " your pet items will increase the level of its abilities for a cost of a little fame . the cost goes up as your pet becomes more powerful , so try to feed it only items with a high feed value . you can " fuse " your pet with another of the same type , which increases its ability cap and sometimes changes its size/shape and unlocks new abilities . never fuse your pet before its abilities have " maxed " , or it will never be able to get to its full potential . for ( much ) more information , either talk to the keeper in the pet yard or see the wiki 's page on pets . ( i have not talked about the pet yard upgrades and probably missed other things . )
save all decent rare rings and amulets ; they are hard to come across compared to other equipment . also , if you are playing dh and will later go for monk ( or vice versa ) - save your lower level dex items as hand-me-downs if they are good . you need to elaborate what is meant by ' quite good items ' - i was trying to save all semi-decent rares , but its impractical and you want to focus on specific properties like gives boost to main stat has other useful props besides mf or gf ( if ur focused on that ) for weapons , has life leech or ' on hit ' saving space in your stash even if you do not plan to play a particular class , might work better to start a lvl 1 char so he/she holds the class specific items which are taking up a lot of space do not stock up much for the first 10-15 levels as they pass by very quickly : move any ' starter ' equip onto new chars , but feel free to just keep a decent weapon and sell everything else remember that you can also park some good sword/shield , 2h weapons etc . on the followers . if you plan to actually use the follower , give them stuff that boosts stats but otherwise it is extra slots for amulet/rings etc .
you have two sources of guaranteed lava in dwarf fortress -- the first is volcanoes . embarking on a volcano will guarantee a ready source of lava . the second happens during world gen when you allow / deny the existence of the magma sea ( default is on ) . on worlds with a magma sea , you will hit magma as long as you keep digging down , past the third cavern level .
personally i am using a grid of tunnels . the vertical tunnels are using every 5 block a wooden platform to jump up or down .  |L| M |L| _| |_____| |__ _ L _____ L __ | | M | | |L| |L| | | | |  l = wooden platform ( you can jump through up or down ) m = minerals
the cheapest option is definitely going to be the usb route as mentioned by others . ignoring the fact that microsoft 's hardware prices are inflated and overpriced , if you go strictly off a cost per gb , then buying the console with the 250gb drive is your best bet for the money . using the averages prices these days i would assume the standalone drives have a warranty of their own , and the one with the console would be part of the console warranty , but i am not sure on those .
the mission types and dates are determined at the time of the council report for the prior month . you can verify this by making a save just before the report , and one just after . ufo interceptions/landings , terror + council missions etc . will always be the same if you load the game just after but will change if you load the save before . update : as phantom42 notes and i have observed before also , the exact mission type will change upon reload . while council mission would always occur on may 7th , whether it is an escort/extraction/bomb defusal mission may still vary upon reloading . similarly , type of requests from countries will vary upon reload .
it does not matter if you save her or wait for the conclusion of the concert they both lead to the same scene . . .
quarries run on minecraft joules , or mj . rf converts to mj at a rate of 10:1 , so 80rf is 8 mj . also , you do not need a tesseract to convert rf to mj , you just need an energy conduit that is connected to a mj consuming machine . as for how many dynamos you need to power a quarry , quarries take up to 100mj per tick ( mj/t ) , but will run perfectly fine on 25mj/t . to produce 100mj/t , you will need 13 dynamos , which will be capable of producing a total of 104mj/t ( 1040rf/t ) . they will auto-throttle to produce only as much as is requested , so one will likely only run at 4mj/t ( 40rf/t ) .
yes , contract cards are single-use : one time only on one player only . as with many other aspects of ultimate team play , there is precious little documentation available , but plenty of anecdotal evidence to sift through . in general , when you have a question about ultimate team , it is safe to assume that the least favorable aspect applies ( having a player appear for one play will subtract one game from his contract , losing your connection during a game will count as if you had finished the game except that you will not get any coins ) .
if you are running on preview 12w07 , lighting was not calculated properly , this was fixed in a later version . if not it may be that it was generated in this preview and has the same issue . try placing a light source to force a lighting update .
yes ! they are a pain to take out , but when you do , you will likely complete a bonus mission ( all of the ones i have managed to blow up so far have ) in addition to providing a nice chunk of xp . the bottom of first cartel listening station for example will give you 500 points for the kill and just under 3000 for completing the bonus mission . i try to save my missiles for those items in particular since they are definitely hardened targets . edit for additional info : the space stations and capital ship bridges i have destroyed so far have been bonus missions all by themselves with no other targets . blow them up and you instantly get both the base experience and the bonus mission experience . there can certainly be multiple bonus missions per encounter . one listening station had the fighter ships , the communications relay ( the hard point at the bottom ) , as well as satellites plus turrets . essentially , if you can target it , it can be blow up . i try to blow up everything i can , and make a mental note of what triggers a bonus mission . i have not come across a good guide to all of the bonuses yet . only one way to find out - blow up all the things !
yes , you can toggle this feature on and off by clicking a button at the bottom of the ui . the button looks like a magnifying glass . if you toggle it ' on ' , pressing alt with hide loot . handy !
i have to admit i have been both tempted and reluctant to try and answer this question . tempted , because i like helping players , and enjoy sharing game design discussion . reluctant , because i deliberately obscured the mechanics of the game as part of the design . whats more , the stats are likely to change as the game is in development . and in some cases , a complete understanding of the mechanics would be beyond the scope of a short answer . however , i believe i can share some useful info . the game has some skills which are currently only used as part of encounter/scavenge responses and crafting recipes . such skills include hacking , botany , trapping , lockpicking , electrician , and mechanic . there is no passive effect imparted by these skills at this time . the rest have passive or mechanical effects , and without quantitatively listing every detail , they include : medic - improved healing rate ( i.e. . sterilization techniques and knowledge , etc . ) and more detailed stat bars on conditions screen hiding - ability to hide is more effective , camp concealment stat visible on camp screen melee - better chance to hit in melee combat , higher wound severity , better defense in combat , can leg trip in combat eagle eye - can see one hex further than normal , light and line of sight permitting , and can detect hidden things easier tracking - can spot older tracks than normal , and hide tracks is more effective athletic - less fatigue per move , can run away from all opponents in battle , can run further on map before run moves deplete ( no longer grants one extra move per turn , though ) tough - higher pain threshold , immune system effectiveness , and resistance to wounds , ability to head-butt in combat night vision - no longer available as a skill , but does what it says ( e . g . goggles , dogmen ) strong - can carry more without being encumbered , melee attacks are more damaging , can create obstacle in combat ranged - higher chance of hitting with a ranged weapon slow metabolism - food and water intake rates reduced , healing rates slightly reduced traits do the following : fast metabolism - food and water intake rates increased , healing rates slightly increased myopia - can see one hex less than normal , and detecting hidden creatures is harder feeble - melee attack severity is lessened , can carry less fragile - physical wounds , pain , and infections are more effective on you , healing is slower insomniac - difficulty falling and staying asleep ( need more fatigue or higher comfort levels to sleep ) some abilities also affect ai morale , such as strong or tough . having either of these will make you seem tougher to an enemy , making you less attractive as a target . similarly , having either of those makes them more confident . finally , i am forgetting a lot . this is just from memory , since there is a chain of variables i would have to trace for each one to know for sure . there are some hard-coded effects , too . but generally , they work as described above . more importantly , they are designed to do " what you had expect , " meaning there are some effects which i tangled in there based on our perceptions of those abilities ( like the morale effects ) . and , of course , i reserve the right to be wrong , and change my mind at any time : )
in the newer versions ( specifically 0.31.16 which i am currently playing ) , you can specify an individual dwarf 's equipment by type , or even down to the specific item . from the ( current at the time of writing ) dwarf fortress wiki : in the military screen , press n to open the uniforms tab . each listing under the ' uniforms ' header is essentially a pre-designed set of equipment that you can quickly apply to any individual soldier or entire squad , much like a template . you can create new uniforms if you want and add or remove items from any uniform set by navigating this menu . uniform templates are only created in this tab , not applied . while still in the military screen , press e to open the equipment tab . the default sub-tab , ' view/customize will be open . in this screen you can select individual dwarves and apply individual pieces of equipment to them , from a rmor , l eggings , h elms , g loves , b oots , s shields , and w eapons , as well as m aterial and c olor depending on the piece of equipment highlighted . to select a specific piece of equipment ( such as an artifact ) , select ' specific _ ' under that equipment type ( eg . ' specific armor ' in the armor field ) ; for your convenience , highest-quality equipment is listed first .
oddly , stone paths appear to be better at attracting visitors . to test this i filled one island completely with either sort of path . stone paths : 185 visitors marble paths : 93 visitors : some other stuff in my park changed between the two screenshots , but the stone paths i added in the first screenshot actually added more than 100 visitors on their own , so it seems pretty clear stone paths have unholy visitor attracting power .
after some research , i claim that this is impossible . which makes sense , actually , since the newer buildings should always ( ? ) be preferable . in case of wind turbines , they are insanely expensive to maintain while delivering only a small amount of power ( even on very high ground ) . however , i am not certain about the 1-time-only buildings like the skyscraper hotel , compared to the best other available hotels .
i was eventually able to finish 2nd using the following tactics : drive whichever car you find easiest to control - in my case the mclaren do not take any shortcuts drive on the correct side of the road on the freeway , you still get some boost from tailgaiting and near misses avoid crashes by learning the course and slowing down a bit for the corners i think winning is possible using these tactics , if you can manage not to crash at all .
according to wikipedia , you will need an origin account for both the single-player and the multiplayer campaigns in me3 . customers purchasing pc editions of the game ( retail or digital ) will be required to install electronic arts ' content delivery and digital rights management system , origin . the origin client ( and an origin account ) is required to install , activate and run mass effect 3 on a pc for single and multi-player portions of the game . this bioware forum post by chris priestly gives a lot more detail around origin and mass effect . specifically , it speaks to your question : is constant origin connection required or is it a single one off authentication when the game is first installed . is there also a limit to the number of installations available ? mass effect 3 will require a one time , single authorization for the single player game . there is no limit to the number of installs . playing mass effect 3 multiplayer will require a constant connection .
yes , all items upgraded through the foundry will be upgraded automatically once you research the upgrade , the only exception is the s.h.i. v laser , which will not upgrade your s.h.i. v if it is researched after the plasma s.h.i. v , which is superior . no , all the foundry projects are upgrades , except for the s.h.i. v , which allows you to build s.h.i. vs at your workshops . each s.h.i. v that you build costs resources according to its type .
no . it has nothing to do with serial keys , though . even if gog is drm free , they often supply a serial key with their games . this is for your convenience . should gog one day go bust , you still have your serial key – which is your unique code , or " proof of purchase " , if you will . this should not be confused with drm , though . drm simply put limitations on how the game can be copied or transferred . a game with no drm can still ask you to enter a serial key for a number of reasons . a serial key should not be confused with a steam activation key either . it is a separate concept . if you buy the game from a retailer , or from the developer directly , they will often let you activate it on steam , so that it is connected to your account . some times , they may also give you a gift code for that specific game on gog or other game platforms . what you will not see , however , is steam providing gog codes or vice versa . the reason for this , is because they are competitors . it would be similar to buying a gift certificate at the adidas store , which you can use at the nike store – or google play versus the apple appstore . they would be a ) cutting away the profit from their competitor and b ) leading customers to the competition . however ! in some cases , steam accepts the regular serial key as the activation key , but that does not include do not starve . you can see the list of games which accept third party keys here : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=7480-wusf-3601
yes , you were supposed to be able to work for caesar , if you wanted . you can even side with him and help him take over new vegas- working for him is one of the four endings . when vulpes ( or the guy that replaces him ) talks to you in vegas , two things happen . first , you get given the mark of caesar . second , your negative reputation with the legion is wiped and most of the legion will stop being hostile to you . as long as you do not do anything else to piss off the legion such as murdering their guys after this or working for the ncr/house , you will be allowed to travel to cottonwood cove and enter the fort . the problem was that you disguised yourself before travelling to the fort . you were supposed to go there with no disguise , be recognised as the courier and been forced to do some things to gain caesar 's trust . disguising yourself can , unfortunately , mess up certain quests . there is only one pardon from the ncr and from caesar- you receive it after dealing with benny in the tops and you are invited to meet with crocker/caesar . if you piss off that faction after that , you permanently lock yourself out of working for them and will not be able to get that ending . the only way to work for casear now would be to load an earlier save .
the range of the arc thrower is up to 2 squares . if your target has more than 3 health , the success chance is very low . per wikia , capture rates are : 4 hp : 49% chance for success 3 hp : 70% chance for success 2 hp : 80% chance for success 1 hp : 90% chance for success once you have the upgraded arc thrower , the capture rates are : 7 hp : 49% chance for success 6 hp : 70% chance for success 5 hp : 75% chance for success 4 hp : 80% chance for success 3 hp : 85% chance for success 2 hp : 90% chance for success 1 hp : 95% chance for success
the objective of this room is that you must defeat a powerful foe . but not just defeat it , you must defeat it first ! as such , if you try to look after clearing the room out , you will never get it . quite fiendish . i speak of none other than the very fast skeleton that is at the exit . you need to go over to it and kill it without killing any of the other enemies in the room . a pretty easy task , honestly , they will not harass you if you just run . as a skeleton , remember that you can kill harm it with spells , so either bring some gems with you from a previous room . or , you can break the torches or the grass in that area fairly safely to harvest some gems . the prize you claim is . . . speedboots ! they can be worn to increase your moving speed , and count as a pair of shoes ( you can only wear 2 at a time ) . they are . . . really , they are as awesome as they sound and may easily find their way into a very common slot in your equipment .
they are single use items and are limited to level 90 characters . also on the island you can find sturdy chest , skull-covered chest , smouldering chest , and blazing chest . these are all single use chests . there are also chests that reset weekly . near the bottom of this wowpedia page , you can find a list these chests . that being said , the best source i can find for this is this comment on wowhead . i would consider it a reliable source , as perculia is the site director for wowhead .
according to the documentation on the site , all staves charge over a certain given timeframe ) . this means that staves with more charges seem to charge faster . i.e. if a staff takes 10 turns to charge to full ( regardless of # charges ) , then one with 3 charges appears to get one charge every three turns , but one with 6 gets 1 charge every 1 and a half , giving the illusion of charging faster . i looked through the source code , and it appears that the recharge rate depends upon any wisdom bonus you may have . rechargeincrement = ( int ) ( 10 * pow ( 1.3 , min ( 27 , rogue . wisdombonus ) ) ) ; 10 if no wisdombonus . a specific comment within the code indicates that at level 27 , items charge to full in one turn . staves of blinking and obstruction charge at half speed .
found it . it is a " minor " currency , which can buy some items , as opposed to " gold " currency , which can buy all .
the claw belongs to lucian valerius : you can find him in riverwood at his shop , the riverwood trader , in the center of town : in general , you can figure out what to do with a quest by tracking it in your quest journal : if you do that , you will get a marker on your hud 's compass that'll lead you directly to where you need to go . ( images from the uesp )
this is based on how many competitive matches you win , and hours spent in both competitive and casual servers ( official valve servers only ! ) bronze : 0 hours - 0 wins on operation phoenix maps . silver : 10 hours - 5 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . gold : 30 hours - 15 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . from wiki .
the setting does not affect steam 's screenshots . the hud will be visible regardless of the setting , assuming you have not disabled hud completely .
https://eu.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/4209931810 this forum solved this issue for me , i was missing tyrael 's sacrifice - the best cutscene ! open my documents\diablo iii\d3prefs . txt ( for win7/vista , not sure where it is in xp or os-x ) in notepad and change the " playedcutscene " lines to ( or add them if they are missing ) playedcutscene0 "31" playedcutscene1 "31" playedcutscene2 "23" playedcutscene3 "143"
you can create a backup of your data ( through a usb hdd or psn+ ) and then try to fix it if it fails you can restore the data on a new slim , note that copy protected data will not be transferred if you used the hdd method
there are no objects or items that affect your movement speed while held , but there are certain objects that will affect your movement speed when used : when thrown , ender pearls will teleport you to the location at which they land ( 1.9-pre2+ ) you can craft potions of swiftness that will increase your speed for a short period of time ( 1.9-pre3+ ) there are also environmental effects and actions that modify your movement speed : walking on soul sand using a minecart swimming in water sneaking sprinting riding in a boat explosions and tnt cannons ( assuming you live ) walking through cobwebs walking across ice
i am almost certain the range is 8 yards . i remember reading this somewhere , and upon testing this and comparing the range of melee to that of skills with know range , i found it to be accurate . i further compared it to the image in the post referred to by the question , and found that my test results matched the 8 yard mark on that image very closely .
i took a look at the first half of the replay , since most of your questions were about the setup to that engagement . in summary , your opponent had more units because he had a stronger income , you made some micro mistakes during the fight , and you probably could've done a bit better at macro . as you mentioned , you did not warp reinforcements in during the fight , even though you had resources and supply . economy red ended up with more resources invested into his army going into that first major encounter . the game totals up to 16:30 ( when the battle starts ) are 7600 for him and 5900 for you . you invested more into technology with your high templar , which might have balanced it out , depending on how you used them ( more on that later ) , but in terms of pure unit attack power , he had the advantage . how did this happen ? you tried to cannon rush him , and from the resource graph on ggtracker , your rush gave you a 500 mineral advantage when he pulled his drones to fight back ( he dropped to collection rate of ~500 minerals/minute less than you had for a minute ) . the only problem : you lost 661 minerals to canceled/destroyed buildings and did not really do any actual damage . red expanded early . his third hatchery finished right around the time your second nexus finished . your rush probably set his expansion back a bit , but with all the extra larva he was able to quickly catch up . around the 7 minute mark he overtakes you on mineral income and at 12 minutes he overtakes you on gas . he used his workers more efficiently . you had more workers , but you saturated your base a bit . going from 2 workers to 3 per patch offers less return than going from 1 to 2 . you can see this at 8:50 where you both have roughly the same number of workers harvesting minerals ( 29 probes to 30 drones ) , but red has his spread more evenly among his bases and you have 20 on your main and 9 at your expansion . this gives him a 1280-1080 minerals/minute income advantage and he was able to keep that +200 income gap for most of the game . micro in addition to the rush , you lost three zealots around 9:30 and barely killed anything in return . that is 300 minerals/6 supply down . you split your army a few times . your zealots got sacrificed at 17:00 while the stalkers , templar , and archons were running back up your base ramp . later , when you pushed out , you had one or two archons in combat while everything else was out of range . this let him pick off your units a few at a time and would've cost you even if you had equal army sizes . you wasted a couple of storms . the first storm was on roaches ( more on this below ) and the second storm missed entirely . psionic storm psionic storm deals 80 damage over four seconds , if units stand in the storm for the full duration ( they rarely do - you were getting about 2-3 seconds worth ) . that makes it good against lower hp units and not-so-great against higher hp units . your best storms were against the lings and hydras , but the ones you dumped on the roaches were not as effective because roaches have 145 hp . red probably knew this because right after he scouted your templar ( at 16:00 ) , he tripled his roach count - reinforcements that showed up at 17:15 in time to finish your army off . ( without those extra roaches , you might have even won . ) you can see the effectiveness of your storms against the hydras : the third , fourth , and fifth storms brought most of them really low into the red , but at that point your army was mostly gone and you did not have much to finish them off . another storm or two could've slaughtered at least half a dozen hydras . would colossi have done better ? maybe . the colossi could have certainly torn through those hydras as long as you kept his units at a distance and would generally be more effective than high templar against roaches . they are also a bit easier to micro in battle . however , red scouted you just before he attacked , so he might've seen the colossi and retreated until he built up a counter unit . he had a spire built and the resources to switch to mutalisks or pick up some corruptors . if you saw his army there and attacked him with colossi around that 16 minute mark , you probably would have won that first encounter , and the rest of the game would be up to who responded better .
in the first stage of this fight , kracko is actually invincible . the star men are actually meant as a hint for what you need to do - keep climbing up ! kracko will be persistently attacking you and removing platforms , so high jump is the safest way to make the climb , by continually jumping sky high . do not wait for kracko , just keep climbing . eventually , you will come across a more decorated platform with clouds , at which point kracko will get his life bar and the real battle begins . the climb is possible to accomplish with other skills , but not recommended . your standard flight is not very fast and kracko can easily knock you into a pit , or simply make you lose your ability into a pit . if you are insistent , though , tornado , hammer , and throw all make good choices . you will have to keep an eye on kracko 's movements , and generally do your best to stay on the opposite side of the screen as him . in the real fight , kracko is not too hard , especially with high jump . the ammo for shooting at him comes from the occasional star man that he will produce ( which , of course , you will probably just use to regain high jump if you lose it ) . his other means of attack are mostly to move across the screen with a wave of lightning , or to just charge around the screen directly . the invincibility of high jump renders pretty much all of his attack patterns harmless , though . for a non-aggressive fight , stay at the opposite half of the screen ( you do not need to hug the corner ) , and simply jump through him each time he starts an attack or moves across the screen . he will go down pretty swiftly even without being aggressive .
yes . press the button once , quickly . holding the button to slash harder is meaningless .
there is a comprehensive list on this xbox forum , for example : sections 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 are flashing red - the av cable cannot be detected sections 1 , 3 and 4 are flashing red - general hardware failure sections 1 and 3 are flashing red - overheating section 4 is flashing red - hardware failure as you can see two of the error states are not particularly informative in and of themselves . you have to use the secondary error codes to determine exactly what is wrong . as well as varying combinations of flashing red lights ( known as the red ring of death or rrod ) there are secondary error codes you can obtain from the console - assuming that you can get your console that far . this microsoft support page details the steps to take if you get three red lights ( the top right one is not lit ) . the problem may be the console itself or the power supply . this page is an interactive guide to determine exactly what the error is from the lights that are flashing .
i found them . first , the software saves files with the chief name that i gave when you begin a game . it asks you to enter a description . i thought it was the file name . . . the file name seems to be built with the 4 first characters ( padded with underscores if the name is shorter than 4 characters ) of the chief name followed by an underscore and an incremental number . the number begins at 001 . . . finally , the files are located into C:\Users\Luc\AppData\Local\Documents\My Games\Capitalism 2\SAVE
you can leave the area then come back , or save and reload the game . both ways the boulders will be back to their original positions .
foreword : i am focusing on dota 2 since i stopped playing dota 1 for quite a while now . offensive stuns will hold morphling in place but wont interfere with his morph ability in any way . even Void 's Chronosphere cannot stop his health gain . therefore you need a silence whether its an ability or an item to counter Morphling . important sidenote : Mantastyle does remove Orchid silence . Naix with Orchid can be good because even if Morphling morphed into strength Naixwill deal more damage . Clinkz with Orchid works well too because of his burst damage . Silencer is very good because his ultimate is not a target spell and global giving your team the opportunity to counter Morphling anytime . ( thanks to decency for mentioning those 2 in his answer ) : Ancient Apparation is another great pick vs Morphling because it prevents all kinds of healing including those from skills or items . Lion 's Mana Drain and Hex can destroy an illusion immediately . combined with his long disable overall and his nuke he can be a threat at all times especially with Blink Dagger . defensive to protect yourself against the enormous nuke of an Ethereal Blade-Morphling you should buy magic armor and a Mekansm . ( Chen 's Hand of God can be a substitute for Mekansm . but since you need to heal yourself quickly i would not rely on another players reaction . having both is even better ) furthermore BKB and spells like Repel help a lot . since EB-Morphling needs as much agility as possible to nuke hard he wont have much hp while nuking . this opens a window for a Blademail that can hit Morphling hard and enables the possibility for a good trade ( your support for their midgame-carry ) since Linkens Sphere is annoying you should pick heroes who can afford wasting a spell to disable his Linkens and have another good stun as a follow up . for example : Bane , Lion , Shadow Shaman , Shadow Demon , Ogre , Rubik , Disruptor .
when you have played on all 8 pianos , you will gain 2 new songs for your bards . from the faq ( relevant part in bold ) : the only pianos actually giving you any benefit are the seventh and last piano tunes , but you need to have played all others to actually access these . the seventh tune inspires the bard in crescent to teach you mana 's paean , the final tune inspires him to teach you hero 's rime . in addition , your piano skills soar to unknown heights . sure , it is useless versus exdeath , but would not you rather be an erudite homo universalis than a rampaging brute ?
that is just tough luck you had there =p but yes , that can happen . i have been breeding togetic with hustle and they have given me some serene grace togepi all right . there is a ' workaround ' with the ability capsule which lets you change the ability of your pokemon to another ability it can have ( except if that other ability is a hidden ability ) , that is , if you have enough battle points ( bp ) to pay for one at the battle maison .
recipes are just the " extra piece " of an item that turn basic items into upgraded items . they do not do anything unless you have all of the other components already and should almost always be bought last . for example , a magic wand requires : magic stick 3 iron branches magic wand recipe if you have all of those , they combine into a magic wand . not all upgraded items have recipes . some items have multiple recipes , for example necronomicon 1 with an additional recipe upgrades into necronomicon 2 , which upgrades into necronomicon 3 . it is a very simple concept , just odd at first .
it seems the weapons disappear : after i found the golden gun ( best gun in the game ) by completing the theater side mission , i had to drop it inside of a room in order to pick up an axe to open a door . after i opened the door , i was horrified to discover that the room where i had dropped the golden gun vanished as part of the gameplay . http://thekingofhate.com/forums/thread-nailgun-inventory-glitch-in-silent-hill-downpour-explained
this is the gobbleshaft : i dont have surgeon sim 2013 but my cousin does and she showed me all the six alien surgeries !
no , keys are gotten one at a time , and they do not drop through the game 's drop system . if you want keys , you are going to have to buy them , trade for them , or hope miss pauling gives everyone a free key like she did last year around the december holidays . during the australian christmas event ; summer sale ; and australian christmas 2011 event , special keys were sold that only opened special holiday or summer themed crates . they were sold for the same price as normal keys and reverted to normal keys when the holiday/summer crates expired .
in order to purchase an " enemy " character ( bad guys if you are good , good guys if you are bad ) , you must first beat them senseless . attack the character long enough and , instead of breaking , they will become available for purchase with b just like a co-aligned character . once you have one " evil " character , it is probably easier to switch to them before purchasing other bad guys , to avoid the fight .
that arrow recalls all the letters that you have put down so far . so try guessing incorrectly , then pressing the button ; all the letters will recall to the letter cache .
ok , i had a hunch with 3-2 ( “jailbreak” ) and got the badge just by climbing from the “scruffy was here” graffiti to the top of that elevator hole . but as i have climbed that part a couple of times before and did not get the badge , it hit me then that the distance for the badge was accumulative . ( just like other similar badges like running 10km , ziplining 1km , falling 1km , etc… doh ! ) . so just for curiosity 's sake , i went back to 5-2 and found the perfect place on the 3rd or 4th water pump : http://imgur.com/a/o8ttd as you can see on the 2nd image , there is a gap at the top , between the upper platform and the pipe , then at the bottom there is a ramp you can fall safely without getting any damage ( 3rd image ) , so you can climb and fall as you please until you get the badge .
if you choose the " they are ready for battle . " renegade option , the students will be made into a biotic company in the alliance . this adds 75 war asset points in addition to renegade points . you will still be able to receive the 20 point bonus for kahlee sanders and the bonus for allowing grissom academy students/instructors access to the citadel .
electrocuting yourself is simple ! just stick a scalpel ( or anything small and metal , really ) into this electrical outlet ( within 10 seconds of starting if you want the achievement ) ! it will reverse your movement , making surgery incredibly difficult . left becomes right , forward becomes backward , and the awkward controls become . . . awkwarder . it is worth mentioning that there is also an achievement for being both drugged and electrocuted at the same time , as well as a subsequent achievement for completing the surgery in that fashion ( within 20 seconds of starting ) .
spawn mechanics the only thing that is affected underground is that at night you will have less mobs because they will be spawning above ground , in single player the caps are as follows hostile = 79 passive = 11 ambient = 16 water = 5 so at night say 20 mobs are spawned above ground that means that only 59 could spawn below and that is in all current cave networks that are loaded underground ( chunks loaded ) the cap is checked once at the beginning of each spawning cycle . if the number of living mobs in a category is over its cap , the entire spawning cycle for that category is skipped . this means that it is safer to mine at night . as there is the possibilty of more mobs underground during the day where it could reach the full cap . another win for the clock item additionally to note is that if a hostile mob has had no player with 32 blocks of it for more than 30 seconds then it has a 1/800 chance of despawning per spawncheckcycle . and those are every 5 ticks , this applies to y distance so the deeper underground you get the less mobs on the surface . also if you are more than 128 blocks of a hostile mob it will immediately despawn note that this is a euclidean sphere , not a cylinder from map top to bottom and not a taxicab sphere ( which is more like an octahedron ) also mob behaviour spiders are hostile as long as the light level immediately around them is 9 or less . if they are found in an area with a higher light level , they will not attack unless a player attacks first . hostile spiders will continue to chase the player even if they are exposed to daytime or other well-lit locations . conversely , a spider will not become hostile around a player when roaming in daylight , but if it wanders into a moderately shaded area ( e . g . under a tree or rocky overhang ) it will turn hostile and remain that way . and then you have the obvious which is that zombies and skeletons will catch fire if they are in daylight . no passive mobs are affected by the day/night cycle , their spawn rates and behaviour will not change during either . ( wish the chickens would sleep so i could have peace and quiet )
kayle ' s e is rather complicated . fundamentally , it has 2 parts : the bonus magic damage dealt when attacking , and the splash damage centered on her attack target ( who also suffers from the splash ) . what this means is that each main hit of kayle 's auto-attack ( assuming e is active ) will trigger as an on-hit ability ( rageblade stacks , lifesteal , etc . ) , while the splash hit of kayle ' s auto-attack behaves as a spell ( proccing rylai 's , triggering spellvamp , etc . ) . so while kayle ' s e will work with both rylai 's and spellvamp items , it is only the splash ( that is , the aoe portion ) that triggers it , meaning rylai 's slow is diminished , and spell vamp is less effective ( as with all aoe abilities ) .
i have played through the dlc last night ( making sure to disable auto-save before choosing so i could re-load at the decision point ) and have watched all the endings i know about . here 's what i remember from my playthrough ( i suspect they will be differences and tweaks depending on what each players had done during their game , who is still alive , etc ) . there is so many spoilers in this post and i am only going to hide a few of them . you have been warned . there is a brand new ending available , which can be triggered by : shepard can fire her weapon at the catalyst ( this is what i did to trigger it ) or apparently shepard can refuse to make a choice during the conversation . this results in : shepard is left standing on the citadel . the reapers implicitly defeat the current races of the galaxy . everyone presumably dies . no elements of the original three endings are shown . you then get to see a time capsule left by liara , presumably informing a future cycle of organic life about what happened . there is a new post-credits scene ( of the same type the other endings have - an adult and child talking ) that seems to imply this information left by liara has allowed a future group to break the cycle and defeat the reapers . as for the original three endings , the following happened ( with changes bulleted and any differences between the endings noted ) for me , other playthroughs may be slightly different : after shepard makes her decision : admiral hackett will broadcast a message telling the fleets the crucible is activated and to retreat . a shot of the normandy bridge shows joker resisting , before a squad member ( it seems this changes , do not know what determines this ) encourages him to go . joker looks downtrodden and we see a shot of the normandy retreating and jumping away . we see other ships of the fleets retreating too ; they jump away from the scene . then the first blast of energy is released from the citadel , hitting the reapers in orbit . followed by the shot of ground troops fighting in london , when the energy blast hits . next we see steve cortez ( the shuttle pilot ) aiding a lone injured solider in a battlefield . there seem to be no other solders about , and are about to be overrun by husks . in one ending ( can not remember which ) a husk pounces on cortez , pinning him to the ground , then the energy hits . in the others the energy hits before the swarm reaches him . in all endings steve was left alive ( for my play through anyway , i suspect there might be a " bad " version if you did't befriend him ? ) . next is the sequence showing the citadel firing an energy beam at the local relay . the relay still ' overloads ' and explodes with energy , but : the explosion has been lessened , the implication now being the relay is no longer destroyed , just damaged . the energy explosions are seen to spread throughout the galaxy via the mass relay network . next are a few shots of the ground troops on other planets witnessing the energy arrive ( and either defeat or change the reapers , as per london ) . i witness asari and krogan , but i have seen turian online as well . do not know what determines which you see . then is the sequence showing the normandy running from the energy blast . the internal shots are much calmer . we see personnel in the main bit on the bridge level ( where the galaxy map is ) and joker piloting . it seems the normandy is no longer damaged ; there is no fire in the cockpit , etc . we no longer see the blast hit the normandy , but the implication is that this does still happen . this is followed by the sequence showing the normandy on an unknown planet . this seems to play out the same as before except that : the normandy no longer is shown as damaged - no scorch marks , fire , sparks , etc . next comes an entirely new sequence . we hear a monologue , spoken by ( i will not detail what is said as i can not remember details , and all three are fairly long just provide additional insight in to the following scenes ) : admiral hackett ( red / destroy ending ) shepard ( blue / control ) edi ( green / synthesis ) while this plays we see still shots of characters we have met / helped during the game ( such as miranda , jacob , jack , samara , wrex and/or the krogran , and more seem possible ) , these all seem positive . a few shots may show characters who have been lost ( such as mordin , thane , probably more ) . all three endings then imply that the races of the galaxy shall work together to rebuild what as been lost , including the mass relays and citadel . in the control ending the reapers are assisting with the reconstruction efforts . next is a sequence showing the surviving squad mates on the normandy , adding the name of commander shepard to the center of the memorial wall . admiral anderson 's name has already been added to the wall ( also centered ) . in the destroy ending , the names of legion and edi are both present on the wall and edi is not seen with the other squadmates . we see the normandy take off the planet it had landed on and fly away . the ' shepard might be alive ' scene ( showing scorched n7 armour in wreakage and a sudden inhale of breath ) , is still present at the end of the destroy ending . the credits roll . the final sequence showing an adult and child discussing the shepard is still present ( and i did not notice a change to this , but might be subtle ) .
the law enforcer ( or le ) essentially blocks you from being able to attack other players in game . it also prevents other players from attacking you . there are pros and cons to the law enforcer as follows ; pros : you cannot be attacked by other players when you die , you do not drop a quickbelt prevents any accidental loss of soullight or faction sympathy from other players running through any area of effect attacks you do cons : you cannot join a clan you cannot attack other players ( not always a con ) it takes up an implant slot that could be used for another brain implant removing the law enforcer is easy , simply drag it out of the brain implant slot it is in to your inventory and this will start an implant process to remove it . it will take quite a while to remove , but it can be re-implanted at any point provided your skill rank is /30 or below . above a skill rank of /30 it is no longer possible to re-implant a law enforcer . you do not need any skill points in the implant ( +imp ) ability to insert a law enforcer .
techhaven . org has the following to say about pistol users : pistols are dex-based weapons that sacrifice range for light weight , high rate of fire , and higher stopping power . they require little or no weapon lore to aim . they do have to be aimed at the target for a certain amount of time to get maximum accuracy . your main stat as a pistol user will be p-c ( pistol combat ) , you will want as many skill points in this as possible , keeping in mind that higher p-c means more damage and better weapon frequency . if you are going to be using high tech weapons ( laser pistols , pulselasers , plasma pistols , etc ) you will also need skill points in the t-c ( tech combat ) ability . while i disagree that weapon lore is a weak stat for pistol users , you generally do not need as much as you would with rifles - it is down to your personal preference , if you like your weapons to lock on quicker , increase the amount of points you put into weapon lore . generally as a pistol user you will be more of a support character , a lot of enemies will kill you really quickly by yourself as pistols have a reasonably short range , but with enemies whose main attack is melee based you can quite easily kite them around . any fire based enemies ( like at crp or cycrow labs/grant mines ) or energy based enemies ( like hoverbots/warbots/etc ) will kill you pretty quickly , and you will need the assistance either of a ppu or tank to keep the enemy occupied while you do some damage .
you need to put some bare wire on it in the same place you want to connect the jacketed wire . this is so it looks like it touches the block instead of floating
increasing any class level in multiplayer ( +1 for every level ) , or a bonus from promoting a max level class ( which gives +10 n7 ) .
there are two village centers to consider here ; one on creation , and the one you actually care about . on world generation , the village 's well is considered the center ( or starting point ) of the village . it is the first structure placed , and the entire village construction is based upon the well 's location . the center of the village you actually care about is the centroid of all the doors in the immediate vicinity . if you took all the coordinates of all the doors in your village and averaged them together , this would be the area where golems would spawn . for additional details on the logic of the center of the village , read this section in the minecraft wiki .
as far as i can tell , critical effects in the witcher 2 are like critical hits in most other rpgs . however , unlike those other rpgs , your base crit rate in the witcher 2 starts at 0% . what you are looking for are items or mutagens that directly increase your critical effects chance , such as the aptly named " critical effects mutagen " . from there , your critical effects chance stack with whatever modifiers you have from your weapon to get your total effects chance on each strike . it seems that it will take effects from your weapon into the total display calculations , but only when that weapon is not currently sheathed .
i duo as a squire with a monk and we have run across this problem as well . after doing some testing , i definitely see the problem you are talking about . i had not run into it on live because my monk friend found that pretty much the only way to solve this is to slightly skew the setup of the auras . overlapping setup : selling here you can see the problem you described . everything is overlapping evenly , and the snare field is inside the lightning field . unfortunately , you are unable to upgrade or sell the snare field without doing so on the lightning field first . however , you mentioned your friend plays an apprentice , and you are able to sell whatever is inside these fields . make sure you notice the icons next to your cursor , which will tell you which item you have selected . i highlighted those in the red box in the first 2 pictures . overlapping setup : repairing when repairing with a perfectly overlapping set of fields , as far as i can tell through testing , the repair icon will prioritize the field with the most damage . it is a bit hard to see , so i tried to zoom in the selected section , but the snare field has taken more damage than the lightning field , so even though the lightning field usually envelops the snare field , the repair option prioritizes it . and of course , if you hover directly over the barricade itself within the two fields , it will be prioritized . skewed setup this is what we do . he sets them up slightly skewed . the distance between them is large enough that you should be able to relatively easily repair , sell , or upgrade each individual field without sacrificing too much of the effectiveness you get by overlapping . i have colored each field the appropriate color where they do not overlap , then showed an example of where you can hover in order to work with each item in the picture . i stood in one spot and moved my cursor to each separate area , then photoshopped them all into one so i did not have to post multiple photos of just a moved cursor . with this setup , you should be able to more easily repair/upgrade/sell on the fly without sacrificing effectiveness . it gets more complicated the more you have in the fields of course , but hopefully this helps ! unless they release a patch or something that allows you to select a field inside another one , this is what my friends and i do in order to make this more clear .
no . destiny bond has a normal priority , so it will go after priority moves , and before or after other normal priority based on the pokemon 's speed and other factors ( trick room , etc ) .
i have done this many times before to hook around certain objects while playing . it is tricky but do-able . to control the over powered hook , the meter will sway the direction of where your hand leaves off . therefore , if you intentionally over power your shot , but obviously hook your arm to the left - the meter will sway to the left . ( same concept if you want to hook right ) . this works 95% of the time for myself , your results may vary .
to do the " i spy " mission , you have to wait until you get a " catch the rebel spy " mission . not even taking leia down to interrogation will meet the requirements . so just keep playing until a rebel spy mission pops up . it will happen eventually . the " catch the rebel spy " mission will show up with the blue rebel logo button . when pressed , will ask you to find a specific bitizen ( non-resident ) in the death star . finding this specific character and pressing the level you find it on will complete the " i spy " mission .
there are two ways to do this but they both start the same way . pick the lock , sneak behind the guard in the room on the left , get your stuff . now you can either sneak out , pick the main door lock , go out kill the guards , pick the lock , go out however , you may not want to leave this jail so quickly . it has a bug that allows you to easily level up your pickpocket skill to 100 .
stat boosts , from either tonics or surges , disappear after one battle , whether the character with those boosts participates in that battle or not .
since a power failure can be caused for many reasons , it tough to say for sure . there are two fuses in these guys , and it is possible that one of them has been blown . there are instructions to remove and short-cut the fuse with a piece of wire here . alternatively , you can purchase replacement fuses online . if it is the system 's power supply or other failed component , you are better off buying a new one . while these are not very repairable , their low-cost makes them relatively replaceable .
according to the wiki , mobs can spawn in ladder blocks , along with torch blocks . you will need lights somewhere near the ladder to keep the light level high enough to avoid it from being a valid spawn location . this only applies for if the ladder is on the ground though , as mobs cannot spawn in the air . the block they spawn on must be opaque , or otherwise have a solid surface to stand on . the wiki page goes into full detail about what creatures can spawn where . in your scenario , as long as the area at the base of the ladder is lit , and there are no empty pitch-black areas in the shaft leading to the top and bottom of your ladder shaft , mobs should not be able to spawn because of the lack of solid unlit surfaces for them to stand on .
you can ctrl+click the unit in the hud . that will select the same type of unit in the group even if they are not visible on screen .
synergy was hijacking the shift key . quitting synergy solved the issue .
it turns out that my thinking was exactly the opposite of what the game designers intended : when the boss raises his shield , you will only take damage if you strike it again . so , the correct move is to mute the string .
here 's a good starting checklist : be at least level 45 or so for the normal mode runs . this will make sure you 1-hit almost anything , as well as have access to decent +movement speed boots do it with a group of dedicated friends . this allows you to all spread out and search for dungeons , ballistas , exits , et cetera . 4 people searching a map is always a lot faster . do not pick up loot . rares and legendaries may be okay , but anything less just will not be worth your time . except for the rare middle-of-the-map objectives like the khazra dungeon , most objectives are on the edge of the maps . with 4 people , have 2 immediately take a left and a right while the other 2 beeline for the other side of the map and do the same . this should cut your time down by a significant amount . this may seem obvious , but make sure your group uses the bathroom , smokes , eats , et cetera before you start . bio breaks can kill your time .
the best game modes to level up in would be conquest and rush . the reason these two are the best are because they contain objectives that are worth a lot of points . the fastest is probably conquest as capturing a point ( including neutralizing the point first ) will net you 450 points ( 350 for assisting a capture ) and there are many many points to cap per round . in addition , if you kill anyone while inside a flag 's area of influence , you will gain an extra 30 points per kill . rush is the second best as you can also get 600 points per objective ( 100 for arming , 500 for destroying . only 200 for defusing ) played , but they are are not as many , and it is harder to get defends etc .
new texture sets char fortress ( volcanic ) char marsh daelaam ark ( starship ) immortal forge ( space platform ) kaldir ( ice ) korhal city korhal platform korhal wastes moros ( installation ) phaeton ( desert ) skygeirr lab ( space platform ) skygeirr platform ( space platform ) umoja ( installation ) zerus ( jungle ) new objects this list is huge , so instead i will tell you how to find what items were added or modified . open the sc2 map editor , and choose a new document . select arcade map , choose the heart of the swarm dependencies , include campaign data . you can pick any map for this , it does not chage what models are available . hit f7 to open the data tool . right next to the search bar you can select your data source to narrow down the list of items it gives you . choose swarm . sc2mod or swarm . sc2campaign to see the list of all items that were added or modified . editor updates all the hots editor functionality updates and bug fixes were rolled into wol as well , so there are not any hots updates that you would not get in this category if you do not buy hots . however , there were a ton of updates made when hots released . general a new preload info dialog has been added for defining game data , asset files , and banks to be preloaded in-game . this is accessible from the map/mod menus in all modules . added color preferences for text preview display . the arcade info dialog has been renamed tbattle .netinfo . this info is now available for non-arcade maps as well . new sc2interface files : mods can now optionally be saved as sc2interface files as long as they don’t have any data which affects gameplay . mod gameplay/interface status can be checked using the mod > mod status window . new export locales and import locales commands have been added . these are available under the map/mod > locales sub-menu . these can be used to export and import localized text to and from text files . the dependency dialog now includes a display of the full dependency chain resulting from the requested dependencies . dependency reference checking and validation now accounts for the full chain properly in all cases . the dependency dialog now issues a warning when multi mods are used in conjunction with story mods . these are designed to be mutually exclusive and could cause a variety of problems in game when combined . added toolbar button size preference . automatic backups for documents saved as component lists will now properly save multiple backup files . tutorial game variant will not be changed when other variants are added or removed . fixed various issues with downloading dependency data from battle .netwhen opening a document . fixed issues with team settings in variants for maps with a large number of players . fixed an issue where the editor could crash if the user’s build was not completely downloaded . ai module a new attack wave graphs window is now available from the data menu , for visualizing attack wave cost/supplies vs . time . cutscene module added cutscene frames . cutscene frames are dialog items you can play a cutscene in . new properties have been added : animation element : right-aligned : animations can now specify that they always end at the end of the block . weight : the blend value for this animation block . director node : reverb : the reverb to set while playing back the cutscene . auto destroy on end : when disabled , the cutscene will not be destroyed when it ends , but instead it will pause on the final frame . sound node : non-seeking : if enabled , causes the sound to not change its current time when the current time jumps . speaker mix : you can now set and animate the speaker mix values . fade node priority : allows you to specify the priority level of a fade when multiple scenes attempt to control fade . terrain is now automatically imported when starting the cutscene module . active light nodes will now search for a light suffixed with "_low " if graphics options are set to medium or low . new icons added for all node types ! added a new " time follows edits " mode under the edit menu that causes the timeline cursor to always follow the edited block . sound improvements : added sound group nodes : these folder-like nodes allow you to add sound nodes to them then set properties for all sounds inside the group at once . volume and pitch properties are now treated as multipliers instead of absolute values . setting sound index t-1 now causes it to pick a new variation each time it plays . sounds now properly fade out after their blocks end . sounds can now specify active shots . value changes that represent less than 0.1% of a difference no longer create new keys in auto key mode . you can now add multiple cutscene filters when playing back a cutscene . cutscenes are now played back in replays . fixed several issues related to undo/redo . fixed several issues related to element linking . you can now place or move objects at height zero if there is no terrain visible . actors with conversation nodes will now animate when not in view , allowing dialog to play at the correct time . active light elements no longer change the light one frame late . you can now chain together bookmark jumps . you can no longer use non-ascii characters in cutscene names or bookmark names . you can no longer rename the ( previewer ) scene . scenes with very large linking webs should now load much faster . fixed a bug where models would sometimes continue to draw when switching cutscenes . editing curve values should now preserve custom curve tangents . previewing from other modules will now set the cutscene module back to the ( previewer ) scene . data module added the data navigator window . this new window visualizes how objects are linked to one another . each tab in the data module now remembers its own view mode . model preview panes now animate with the model 's default animation , making effects easier to identify . new data types have been added : herd , herd node user type fields defining user links can optionally specify a required user type added a new select in palette command . added f2 support for renaming objects . “show advanced values” is now “show basic field labels” . instead of hiding advanced fields , it adds “ ( basic ) ” to the name of basic fields and sorts them to the top . fixed size arrays are now edited as one control for each array entry rather than using a list-based ui . “show default values” is now “sort fields by source” . instead of hiding default values , it will sort values in the order : active document , user mod , blizzard mod , core mod . added field hint tooltips to dropdowns for enum type fields . structure sub-fields now properly display composite field hint tooltips . many new field hints added for abilities , actors , effects , and units . ability and weapon arc data values now accept 360 as values . overview manager added a new jump to instances command in the context menu for jumping from function definition to corresponding calls . added a new show global links only option in the view menu for seeing global trigger elements directly in the used by links . terrain module a new diamond region shape has been added . a new diagonal selection option has been added in the tools menu for selecting objects and terrain along the diagonal grid . a new view option has been added for displaying normal/upgraded creep , under view > show terrain > show creep upgraded . units marked as initially hidden will use an alpha fade effect in the editor display . palette existing objects lists now include a group filter and column , and context menus for add to group and remove from group . the water palette now includes a height slider for adjusting the height of the current water template . no fly zones now have three color states : normal ( no overlap ) , overlap ( hard radii overlap ) , and warning ( only soft radii overlap ) . for best pathing performance , avoid the warning state . foliage density maximum reduced to 2.0 per cell . anything larger than this significantly impacts game performance . added " force occlusion hide " to placed doodads , which forces doodads to be transparent if units are behind it . painted pathing visibility is now properly tied to visibility of the pathing layer . distance measurement now accounts for ramps properly . trigger module added a preview button for previewing sounds directly from parameter dialog . a view history navigation option , including back and forward commands , is now available from view > history sub-menu . a new explorer view has been added for seeing global elements referenced by the currently selected element , available under view > show explorer . a new smart group display has been added , which opens a second group only when an element is explicitly viewed via double-click or view selection command . this is toggled under view > show groups . libraries defined in the active document are now shown in the triggers list rather than the libraries list . the libraries list will only contain read-only dependency libraries . elements can now be dragged and dropped from one library to another . this will include updating all usage of those elements in the active document . a new view option has been added for setting default input focus on search fields vs . lists , available under view > view options > default focus on search fields . eliminated excessive delays when modifying functions which are heavily used in the document . comments can now be moved/pasted into switch cases . ability commands using any or all sub-types will now show all possible parameter values . unit trigger events now properly handle using a unit array element for the unit parameter . last created functions now return an empty value if the last creation failed , rather than the result of the previous creation . invalid effect ids will no longer be treated as " any effect " in events . data conversations with choices will now run properly in game , as long as cinematic mode is enabled . fixed an out of memory crash that could occur when adding a region to itself using triggers . it is now possible to copy triggers across libraries inside the same mod .
searching around on the internet , i have found that apparently the best percentage to enter in order to get the most near pin bonuses is 104% if you want to get the most out of near/full pin bonuses for merchant/customer experience levels . each customer has a different percentage that they are willing to pay up to . for example , you may have noticed the little girl is an incredible cheapskate , while the guild master has a considerably larger budget . customer max exp+rep max profit max exp+rep max profit ( selling ) ( selling ) ( buying ) ( buying ) girl 104% 112% ( ? ) 70% 52% woman 104% 118% 70% 52% old man 104% 118% 70% 44% man 104% 127% 70% 39% guild master 104% 127% 70% 41% louie 104% 118% 70% 38% charme 104% 127% 70% 47% information is from this google doc , which has a more detailed collection of collected statistics overall about the game .
yes , the recharge rate of your engines will only increase to the level you are powering them . the nesasio ( stealth ) starts with level 4 engines , but there is a noticeable difference in recharge rate between 1 power and 4 power . this is consistent with all powered systems . to get the described bonus from a certain level , you must power the system to that level .
unfortunately there does not appear to be a fix for this " problem " . there are several discussions around talking about this issue if you want something to read : steam forum 1 steam forum 2 steam forum 3 game faqs 1 game faqs 2 dead space wiki an explanation for this problem could be the fact that dead space 3 was simply ported to pc without being optimized at all . there is an article on this topic that i recommend you read : dead space 3 on pc is an unoptimized console port . a quote from this article : steve papoutsis , executive producer on dead space 3 , has confirmed that the pc version of the game is just a console port . it will not be optimized for the platform . there is similar article here about the optimization of dead space 3 . the lack of optimization is most likely the cause of this issue , and also explains why console players do not experience the same problem .
i can confirm that the combo you are looking for is : ice + mine . since this is a gemstone dragon , it is not obvious that this is the pair you need . another consequence of it being a gemstone is that this is the only possible pairing , and you can not breed more by having two . your dragons do not need to be any special level , but if they are over 15 you have a better chance . also , the ebi will give you slightly better chances than the breeding cave , so if you are spending gems to speed up breeding , i recommend prioritizing the ebi . personally , i have found this one quite hard , perhaps the hardest of the gemstones ( diamond pun for you : ) ) . with the long fail times of quicksilver , steel , silver , and platinum , you end up waiting a long time with each failed attempt . the month is still early , so keep calm and breed on .
yes , you can but not in the «story» mode . if i recall correctly , there is the «minigame» mode in shenmue ii . in this mode you can play all the minigames you played early in the «story» mode . there you also can fight against all the street fighters you met in kowloon . so , if you finished the game and got the demon 's triangle move you can use it in these single combats .
you can find all your past purchases under your xbox purchase history ( navigatable via the my account page ) on the xbox . com website . see screenshot .
leaving aside the issue of varying resistances that you will encounter : as a rule of thumb , fire spells will do the most damage , including a chance to cause enemies to catch fire and continue to take damage for a few seconds . frost spells drain opponents stamina , and slow their movement . shock spells drain magicka , and can chain to other , nearby opponents . in addition , there are several perks specific to each damage type . above and beyond the pure damage increase perks , the disintegrate , deep freeze , and intense flames perks add a chance for an additional effect when casting shock , frost , or fire spells on a target , respectively .
keeping a group together , but reasonably well spread out helps to protect you from an experienced enemy team . keep in visual range in order to be able to provide covering fire , and use your role strengths . if you are close together , you can lose 2 or 3 people before you can get to cover ( the enemy can concentrate their fire and move rapidly from one target to the next ) whereas if you keep a looser group you are harder to ' box ' , less susceptible to a well placed grenade taking out more than one , and force an enemy to have to spread out more . this looser unit requires very good comms to work well .
by right-clicking on goods in the warehouse or depot , you can set the minimum amount that is kept in stock . once you have set that , you can set a trade route to unload and then load from that port and it will keep the stock of that good at the amount you set as the minimum . i did this in my sandbox game with just one " building materials " trade route . using the tycoon 's ships that have 6 cargo holds , i had them set to unload then load the six types of building materials ( building modules , tools , wood , concrete , glass , and steel ) from each of my islands and had set a minimum on each island for these 6 goods . set a handful of ships to the route and it worked pretty well .
you can find scraps by tapping on the mouse that runs around the garage as you brew . you can also learn recipes by completing events .
for each of the primary menaces ( nightmares , scandal , wounds , and suspicion ) there is a consequence upon reaching level 8 with any of them . for suspicion , once you reach level 8 , you are hauled back to new newgate prison , where you will be stuck until you reduce your suspicion to 0 . before that reach that point , however , you will notice some other events related to high suspicion . for instance , once your suspicion reaches 4 , you will see the " find a way to throw the constables off the scent " storylet appear at your lodgings , and give you an opportunity to ask your friends for help .
other than using a guide , you basically need to wander around , though all the mission stones are marked on the map , so you do not have to wander too much . keep in mind that a number of the missions are not in the main gran pulse area , which includes mission 4 - it is in yaschas massif .
i have just downloaded the replay pack myself , and sure enough , none of them works . corrupted files maybe ? edit : i have just noticed the date this replay pack got posted ( 5th of march , 2010 ) - it was essentially before the official release , so that might explain why .
okay , it appears i was over-thinking this and by trying to be too clever i was making it harder on myself . i am making some progress on icing people now . here are my tips : 1 ) do not fight people with the x next to their name . i think it means they are dead and it does not seem to want to let you ice dead people . 2 ) do not repeatedly fight the same person . it is pointless . for some reason i do not understand you never seem to be able to ice them . 3 ) do randomly attack people ( excluding the ones in #1 above ) until you a ) beat them and b ) get the power attack button . then power attack them until they are iced or you accidentally kill them . if you accidentally kill them instead of icing them move on to the next person . 4 ) fighting people that are closer to your own strength/level seems to show the power-attack option more often . so do not bother trying to pick out weaklings . however , also do not pick fights with people 500 levels higher either . it is still slow going , but i iced 3 people so far today and i had not been able to ice a single person in 4 days of playing prior to that . i am still a little fuzzy on the game mechanics , but this strategy seems to be working so i am going with it . update : 5 ) you do not have to win the fight to ice the other fighter . if you are fighting just for the ice count . go ahead and power attack even if you lose as long as you are doing good damage on your attacks .
are you sure you have not enabled the lolligators ? lolligators can cause a net loss of candy , which is probably your problem .
dt wall = a wall of dark templar , ground troops can not pass without killing them , which they can not do without detection . often used on the utter darkness mission on brutal difficulty . gas the opponent = gas steal ? heavy metal = terran mech heavy build joyo build = a terran rush strategy . did very well in the 2003 wcg tournament . bcs = battle cruisers ccmu = cannot create more units ( i have always heard this from map makers ) chobo = newb
you can not really lower it any faster than just looking for notoriety lowering people whenever they show up ( as you have noticed , there is only heralds and witnesses ) . it is more the fact that it works differently than notoriety in ac2/bh guards no longer care what your notoriety is ( at least as far as i can tell ) even when you are in the red . the red seems to be meaningless except for one detail . as long as you are in the red , doing something that would raise your notoriety has a chance for one of your dens to come under attack , with more notorious things ( like buying property ) having a very high chance . the idea is that once you hit the red , just do not buy anything or kill anyone until you have managed to become secret again , and you will not have to worry about ever being attacked again . if you manage to get all of your dens a master assassin , then it will not matter if you are in the red as none of your dens can be attacked ( i am currently at 6/7 dens locked , so i am not sure if this is true , but i am guessing either it will not matter anymore , or your notoriety will be locked at 0 or something ) .
it is been quite some time since i have played civ 4 , so i am no longer familiar off the top of my head with the average acquisition date of the gl or the average economic situation ( in terms of science output and expenses ) . but from what i can recall , the raw science output of the two free scientists ( 7.5 beakers ) is ~10-15% boost to the total beaker output of your whole civilization at the time , which is not too bad . that is like having half a library in every city you have , and independent of your slider position as well ! if you also have the pyramids and are running representation , that is 15 beakers instead of 7.5 . in addition , do not discount the gpp ( great person points ) generated by the library and the scientists . that is 8 gpp ( 6 from the scientists , 2 from the library ) that does not need to be fed , unlike regular specialists . even if you do not care for running a specialist focused economy , that adds up to a great scientist in either 13 or 25 turns ( depending on whether the gs is your first or second naturally generated one ) . that is a free academy ( +50% science in a city ) for you . and if you are focusing on specialists , mash that together with two regular scientists , pacifism and national epic ( and the philosophical trait if you have it ) and you will be rolling in great scientists . these tend to be used to quickly lightbulb through philosophy , paper , education , and liberalism in the space of a few turns to slingshot to a dominating position . it is definitely one of the most powerful wonders .
various youtube videos suggest not . ( 1 ) ( 2 ) i think if it were video evidence would be easy to find .
a redditor recently solved this here . it turns out that the key to this puzzle was the release date of fez , 4/13/2012 . if this date is turned into a string of numbers and rearranged using the page order from the tome ( 15263748 ) , the resulting string is 4011322 . this number is then converted into fez numbers and those fez numbers converted into directions by interpreting the dash in the number as part of the t tetromino ( up , jump , right , right , left , down , down ) . rights and lefts are then turned into rts and lts since rights and lefts would cause fez to move off the magic location . if the pattern of arrows on the map is completed , it would imply that this sequence should be read bottom-up , resulting in a final solution of down , down , lt , rt , rt , jump , up .
after you have selected a spell with the corresponding number key , press ( or hold , can not remember ) the " spell activation " key , default " q " , to cast it .
after a small google search , from an ehow post . go to your wii channel menu and select the feature for which you want to change your regional settings . for example , if you want to change the setting for the forecast channel , use your wii remote to select the forecast channel . if you need to change the region for the everybody votes channel , click that channel . go to “settings” and press “a” to select it . go to the “nearest location” tab and select “change . " scroll to the bottom of the location list . select “choose from other regions . ” choose the region nearest you after scrolling through the various regions listed . select it with your wii remote and press the “a” button . select the location nearest you from the list by pressing the “a” button . click “yes” when prompted . if you wan to change the settings , click “no” and make the necessary adjustments . reminder : yes , i know there are typos inside the block quote , but this is taken directly from the post listed above .
the only way i have gotten them to respawn is when i street pass with someone who does not own the game . when i street pass with a random person who has not played super mario 3d land , i will get a mushroom house instead of a new purple box room . other then that i have not seen them randomly respawn on their own .
yes , you can use both . poisoned and enchanted-ness are not mutually exclusive .
to maximize xp gain : buy xp boosts . you can stack duration and per win boosts . play pvp instead of ai if you insist on ai , play intermediate instead of beginner surrender if you can not win ( to maximize games played ) invite friends . referrals give bonus ip , which help you win ( and get more exp ) however , i do not recommend trying to level up quickly . ip is much more important for buying tier 3 runes , and your time is better spent maximizing ip gain . exp calculation : current ( july 2011 ) formula for xp winning a normal game at level 15-19 is roughly 3m+25 , where m is the number of minutes the game lasts , capped at 198 . intermediate bot games at level 10-14 use the same formula . at level 15-19 , intermediate bot games subtract a 25% penalty from that formula , and give xp for only the first 180 minutes a day of play .
i think this would be very rare from a protoss because basically there is no benefit to delaying a 4-gate attack . let 's think of this from the protoss side . the point of a one-base 4-gate timing attack is to get the maximum production at the earliest time -- a time when zerg typically has barely any units . one base cannot sustain 4 gateways worth of production . so protoss has a small window where this timing attack is most effective , before zerg has had the time to prepare for it with queens , creep spread , 2-base economy , spine crawlers , and attacking units . if the attack is delayed , protoss gives zerg time to build all these things , nullifying the entire point of the attack . zerg should be on two bases already by the time the attack was supposed to happen , so if the attack is delayed , protoss is vastly behind in economy . if you are vastly behind in economy , the only way to win is to attack immediately and try to kill your opponent . turtling only puts you further behind , as your opponent ( zerg ) expands his empire . so as zerg , the simple advantage you have in this scenario is : more economy , more resources . you are ahead in resources which means you can simply do more of everything than protoss in every way . so your response to this bizarre protoss behavior would be : prepare enough defenses to hold off any potential attack , and use all the rest to put yourself more ahead and guarantee a win : keep scouting to see what he is doing . 4 gateways and no attack ? maybe he is throwing in some tech like dts or stargate . if you scout effectively , there will be no surprises . scout for any hidden expansions . burrow lings at every expo on the map . you can afford these extra units . keep a small army at his ramp to delay expansions and scout when he is trying to expand . keep him scared to move out , so he will invest in more turtle-style defenses . expand , safely . do not double-expand . it can be tempting to do that but use your resources wisely . you do not need to be on 4-base against 1-base . make static defense . make your bases drop-proof , close off ramps and high ground areas . get " just-in-case " tech like a hydralisk den , overseers , burrow , overlord speed . use the map control he is given you . spread creep everywhere , spread your overlords for vision . take all xel'naga towers . when you are ahead , you do not need to take risks , and you should play safe because you can afford that luxury . do not attack him until you are certain it will be a-move-to-gg .
i would not really classify a base as " mature " or " premature " . even if you upgraded too early , it just means you have got to be a little more careful with spending your elixir . at 1300 trophies , i would have to say that you are doing just fine . remember that the difference in town hall level will change how much loot you get off other players . taken directly from the wiki : 0 - 100% 1 - 90% 2 - 50% 3 - 25% 4+ - 5% i also got to th8 relatively recently , and i can tell you the difference in available loot from when i was using th7 was definitely daunting . however it is not anything significant to fret over . as long as you can maintain relatively decent income , you should not have any issues continuing to upgrade . remember that even if you maxed out your th7 upgrades before hitting th8 , you will still hit a slump as you progress out of early th8 . attacking trophy range : for early th8 , i would recommend silver 1 through gold 2 . for late th8 where you are near the end of the upgrade path for your defenses , i would recommend gold 1 through crystal 3 as the optimal farming . attack strategies : for earning resources , i would recommend the barch attack pattern . essentially this attack pattern consists of the following : 60-80 barbarians 60-80 archers 60-80 goblins 3-4 giants the idea behind this strategy is to " snipe " the resource collectors of a given opponent . many base layouts push the resource collectors outside of all walls , while heavily protecting the storages within the walls . you are looking for those towns with a resource count generally 60k+ , nearly empty storages , and high-level collectors that are full . using the barbarians as meat shields , you would throw down a line of barbarians to attack the collectors , and follow up with a line of goblins , then archers to snipe them from safety . if you decide the barbarians are not enough , you can throw in a giant or two as extra meat shields . with this strategy , i can easily nab over a million of both gold and elixer in just a couple of hours playing . if i really sat down and focused on farming , i would say this strategy would easily bring in 1 million gold/elixer per hour . here is a popular youtube video demonstrating a variant of this strategy with just archers and goblins : now one thing you will want to learn is how to lure a clan castle . many players with a higher trophy count will have troops waiting for you . it only takes a handful of wizards or archers to completely annihilate your giants regardless of what healing you do . to lure out a clan castle , place a single archer within range of the castle . if troops come out , then place another archer also within range . keep placing archers until all the clan castle troops have come out . then , place an archer further away from the base or at a corner building , you might need more archers if the first dies . the idea here is to get the clan castle troops out of the way from those pesky mortars and anything else that might stomp down your fragile archers . once you have gotten the troops out of the range of cannons , archer towers , or wizard towers , place a giant and a semi-circle of archers to mow down the troops . this should clear up any unwanted visitors . defending at th8 , you are now more susceptible to those dangerous th9 troops more than ever . players at th9 get level 6 troops , and are more likely to employ heavy use of hog ridgers , dragons , and the occasional balloon run . at silver 3 to gold 2 , you are going to be attacked more by heavy combinations of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . at gold 3 to crystal 1 you will start seeing heavier use of hog riders and dragons . currently i sit at gold 1 . out of my last 10 attacks , 3 utilized hog riders , 1 utilized dragons and goblins , and the rest were a combination of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . what this means for you is that your base layout is going to need to be able to protect against a wide array of possible attacks . luckily you will continue to see more updated base layouts directly at the supercell forums , there is plenty of people there that are constantly coming up with new base layouts for various purposes . at this point , you will want a farming base to minimize loss of resources while trading off trophies instead . in no particular order of preference , here 's a few good farming layouts to help you get started : the tempest by orz : dominion by orz : trapception by iannation : the oski by yango : of course i would suggest always looking around on the forums if you are looking for something different to work with . these bases typically get updated every once in a while as things get improved . some bases may work better at early th8 than others , so try out a couple and see what works best for you .
open mouse properties , and on the pointer options tab , look for " select a pointer speed " , then the " enhance pointer precision " checkbox .
open the " humble store " link that was sent to you by email after you bought ftl . there you can download the latest patch . if you lost access to that email address and the link to your humble page , you might be out of luck .
if i upgrade my medbay , it will heal my crew faster than the o 2 depletion hurts them , allowing me to take 2 crew members and send them to the o 2 generator and repair it fast enough to get back to the medbay and safety while my ship equalizes pressure . edit advanced edition : it is also worth noting that if you have engi-med bot dispersal and emergency-respirators you can last a heck of a long time in full vacuum .
vassals can do whatever they want . they can work at the fields , at the wholesaler , and at the castles .
i think you are specifically referencing survival mode here . the issue with survival mode is not that you need to get the drop on enemies , so much as it is that they are plentiful and well distributed throughout the map . it is quite easy to get surrounded in many areas of the map , where 3 or more enemies are attacking at the same time . what you might do is practice runs around the map where you are trying not to stay in locations where you might be approached from multiple angles . enemies tend to spawn in waves , so if you get a good run around the map going , you can kind of " train " them into a pack that will only attack from a single direction . this will allow you to more easily get to cover , since you can generally predict how the whole pack will move . focus on corners - you want a route that includes many corners , so that you can block their line of fire quickly . avoid dead ends , as you will be quickly overwhelmed if you are backed into a corner . when it comes to the juggernaut rounds , i try to give the juggernauts many targets , and have body armor on . since they move slowly , try to leave them for last , or at least for a break between enemy waves . having sentry guns and " sacrificial " riot team and delta team squads can give you enough extra firepower and " meat shields " that you can take them on toe-to-toe . flashbangs will stop them from firing long enough to generally get a clip off into them . aim for the head . you can also get them to try to melee you instead of firing if you get close , and then quickly back away . their melee animation is long and can give your " backup " time to fire , but you need to ensure that you do not get hit , or you will be in trouble .
wheel spikes do indeed pop tires . they extend from your car 's tires gradually as you start to accelerate , so they will not be at full tire-popping potential until a few seconds after you start moving . while there are only a few points at which this can be an advantage , the upgrade 's pretty cheap and you might want to take it on at least one car anyhow . for one thing , popping tires is not considered an additional hostile act , and in fact i think it might not be considered hostile at all in certain cases - i have popped cop tires before without getting a police wanted star , and i have popped other tires in full view of police without upsetting them , but i have not tested it exhaustively . careful not to hit the enemy vehicle hard , lest you upset them . this means that it will not increase your wanted level , but it can get pursuers off your back . dave 's right to point out that the ai rarely has trouble with popped tires ( it seems to be able to set speeds with vehicles that are beyond the top speed they can normally travel ) but they do have trouble with popped tires and tight turns . the luchadores especially fall victim to this with their penchant for large trucks . i do not think the pedestrian injuring features are all that useful , more often than not it will cause you trouble rather than solve anything . the other issue i have with car upgrades in general is that most of the missions and other diversions require you to drive a particular car , and getting your own car out of a garage is usually rather painful . i upgraded several sports cars , thinking i would have a use for them , but by and large i just drove whatever was closest to me while i was on foot .
from this thread : the cottage is an upgraded house . you need to add the extra cottage parts next to an existing house . it gets you more points and stars , but no extra keflings . if you build all the components of a regular house , plus the two extra parts for a cottage , you can build a whole cottage . if , instead , you just build the two extra parts , and you have got room between your houses , you should see some squares around the house where you can place the new parts . once both are placed , your house automatically upgrades to a cottage .
assuming it is overheating , and before spending money on an external device , see if the tips microsoft provides about placement of your xbox help : put the console in an open area with lots of ventilation . do not put the console in an enclosed space . do not stack other electronic devices on top of , underneath , or against the sides of your console . make sure the console and its power supply are on a hard , steady surface . do not put the console on anything soft ( such as a bed , sofa , or rug ) . position the console away from heat sources , such as ventilation openings on televisions and electronic devices . also , keep the console away from heating vents and direct sunlight . position the console away from high-vibrating sources , such as low frequency speakers , subwoofers , etc . and whatever you do , absolutely do not place your xbox next to a picture of clippy :
the ps2 controller is fairly simple to take apart . sounds like the contacts are probably dirty and just not making contact properly for the buttons . link+video : http://screwattack.com/videos/how-to-take-apart-and-clean-your-ps2-controller not sure about the gamecube controller .
the effect for the aura of big bad voodoo works for your entire party . however , the rain dance rune specifically restores only mana . as such it will only work for witch doctors but will work for allied witch doctors as well . allies that are not witch doctors will still gain all effects of the aura ( including the mana regeneration ) , but since they do not use mana that part of the effect will do nothing for them .
short answer : wait for a mod . long answer : you can sort of wing it with with the console . save before you do this in case you do not like the results . jump . open the console mid-jump . player.placeatme 89a85 1 this creates a living mannequin npc at your location . did you know mannequins are actually npcs with disabled animations ? creepy . unfortunately , there is no way to attach the special script that mannequins have to the npc you just created using the console . however : first , open the console , click on the mannequin so that it is id is shown : the tai command will disable ai for the mannequin . the openactorcontainer 1 command will show you the inventory the sexchange command will flip the gender . note that since the mannequin lacks whatever mannequin script the real implementations use you will have to use openactorcontainer 1 to change out the inventory . in addition , weapons do not seem to show up on mannequins added this way . you do this at your own risk , as we have no idea what kind of black magic the mannequin script contains to protect your items , make the weapons display , etc . the console is really for debugging the game , not editing the game . source .
you have probably bought chicken which are dead chickens . to have them in the pen you need to buy living chickens from the livestock merchant . your c ) statement that the " chickens " meat is being sold at the market confirms this theory . a simple way to see if it is a live or dead chicken ( s ) is that the value of live chickens are 400-500 and chicken meat is worth 3 . see trade screenshot for living chickens
from the official wiki : work towards achievements ; they unlock new plants/animals/projects , which in turn lead to better resources ! doing enough achievements/developments will unlock the next tier . source : http://wiki.reusgame.com/index.php?title=walkthrough under beginner tips .
you can not . the towers are auto-targeting . you can put sensor towers where indirect weapon fire should impact . the weapon will automatically controlled by the sensor tower , and fire at targets in the sensor´s line of sight ( and within the weapon´s reach ) .
unlike most other inventions , time machines do not appear in the sim 's inventory , instead they appear in the family inventory . go into the buy menu and access the family inventory to place it .
climb the steps on the left and the snake will try to bite you . after the second time , the cave should collapse .
hook this up to a clock , repeating every few seconds : /effect @p[r=10] 4 10 5 true this gives any player in the radius of 10 blocks level 5 mining fatigue ( potion effect 4 ) for 10 seconds . whenever they are in the area , they cannot break any blocks . when they leave , the potion effect wears off so they can break blocks again .
move into the same square as the chair then drag your character onto it . you can also buckle someone in if you are adjacent to them this way- especially useful if they are handcuffed .
there is a couple of different ways of doing this , depending on the type of vehicle and who is driving it . if it is an " non-hostile " driving , ( even cops and gang members , so long as they are not angry with you ) and they have not yet panicked , you can usually pull over in front of them , and they will stop . gunfire and damage to cars , or other hostile actions will cause them to panic - speed up and drive faster than the car should be able to drive , with no regard for the safety of themselves or others . if the car in question is hostile , you have got a few choices . if you are behind them and coming up on them , you can slam your front wheel into their rear wheel . this is actually a real police tactic , and it is called the pit maneuver . it does not work as well in this game as it does in real life , but it is often effective when you are trying to stop someone from fleeting . throw an electronic grenade at the car , which will stun it temporarily . i do not believe this will ( generally ) raise your wanted level , but it is considered hostile , so if you have got no wanted stars , this will likely give you one . get out in front of the car , and hop out of your car ( making it into a car torpedo ) and then press " sprint " + " steal car " which will cause you to jump through the windshield . if there are multiple people in the car , the others will get out , even if they are manning the gun on an apc , for instance . ( for tanks , you have to kill the gunner first ) the rc possessor ( which you get at the end of act 1 ) will allow you to stop cars . generally when you exit the remote control interface , the driver will just hop out . this works for helicopters and vtols as well . i do not think you can do this while driving , but it has a long range so you can get out in front of a car , jump out of whatever you are driving , and take control of it as it is chasing you . if you level it up , you can cause cars to explode when you take control of them , which will insta-kill any brutes or specialists in the vehicle . explosive weapons , especially the annihilator , will destroy most cars with one hit . your wanted level will probably go up , however . for dealing with gang cars featuring brutes and/or specialists , this is one of the best solutions . shooting the driver is possible , use something pretty accurate though , like the pistols . this can be tricky while you are driving . you can shoot the wheels , the effect of this is that the car is harder to control . you will want to maintain high speeds and/or turn corners frequently to shake a car that is been damaged in this way . if you are having trouble doing this while driving , you might want to look into the cruise control feature . it is not perfect , but it can take one button off your list of things to be pressing at the same time . if you can find a co-op partner , most of the time the tasks will be divided between you , so one of you can focus on driving the car and the other on taking out pursuing vehicles . remember also that losing your wanted level is really easy in this game - visit any owned shop or crib and you will magically , instantly , lose your wanted level . plus , there are " homies " you can unlock that give you this option anywhere . if the game is feeling " hard " - ( ie , gang wanted level is tearing you up , or brutes are really difficult ) go progress the plot or play some of the easier activities . in the meantime , invest your money in buildings you can own , damage reduction/health increasing upgrades , and upgrading one or two weapons . later in the game you will have many more tools for doing damage and avoiding the law/gangs . if there is something in particular that is got you stuck , put it aside , since by the end of the game you will easily be godlike , and you can use your powers to finish off anything that was tricky before .
you can normally restore only the character save . the user profile contains the general values for the profile ( such as badass tokens or number of golden keys ) . you can either import another profile file with a different amount of badass tokens and golden keys and all your character will get them too import another save on your profile and the character will have the amount of goldens keys and badass tokens available on your profile
while you can find ( and eventually enchant ! ) weapons with multiple enchantments , weapons in oblivion only have two states : enchanted , and unenchanted . once enchanted , weapons cannot be un-enchanted , and there is no way to add/subtract abilities , charge size , or effect magnitude after the initial enchantment . if you have not already , i would suggest you look into the enchanting guide at the unofficial elder scrolls wiki . the wiki also contains a list of " useful enchantments " which sounds like it might be useful for your purposes .
if you use signs , you can place signs on other signs and just cover the area needed . there is no way to use less than 1 sign per block though .
this instance is actually inside orgrimmar itself . so , you want to head back into orgrimmar , past the valley of strength , into the drag and turn left down a tunnel into the cleft of shadow , down a ramp and left again and you should see it . on this map http://www.wowpedia.org/file:worldmap-orgrimmar.jpg the entrance to the cleft of shadow is about where the t is in the drag . good luck : )
straight from the minecraft wiki : entities encompass all dynamic , moving objects throughout the minecraft world . the wiki entry on the debug screen has more info ( paraphrased ) : so , you are partially correct : entities are mobs ( friendly or hostile ) , items , and quite a few more . the ' number rendered ' is the number of rendered entities
this is an issue of multiple flukes combined into one giant mess . the map was originally generated prior to 1.7.10 , however the chunks containing the stronghold were generated after an update . because of this , the end portal was in a different location than what the eyes of ender reported . to resolve this , i took the seed , -4365712075075430210 , created a new world in creative mode , and navigated to the above coordinates . when i used an eye of ender , it proceeded into a different direction about 100 meters away . upon digging down , sure enough there was the end portal in my creative world in a completely isolated section of the stronghold . writing down the coordinates , i went to them in my hardcore world , and the portal was there as well . in short , if you create a world in a previous version of minecraft , upgrade to a later version , then explore the chunks containing the stronghold , there is a solid chance that the end portal is going to be in a slightly different location than what the eyes of ender report . you could generally find it just by navigating the stronghold , however i was not able to locate my specific end portal because it was isolated and walled off all by itself in my specific seed .
untill you reach town hall 5 , 20% from your gold/elixer can be stolen from the storages . the cap for this is 200k . from th6 and onwards , this percentage drops by 2% for each th level . from th7 and above the cap increases with 50k for each th level . so for clarity and completeness ( and no calculations ) :
as ben blank said , the only thing that will spontaneously cause an explosion , if you have not made any tnt , is a creeper that got into your house . i see three possible directions for the creeper to enter from : the caves most likely , either you have an insufficiently lit patch of floor in the connected caves ( walls and ceilings do not matter ) , or there is a dark branch that you have not found . i strongly recommend always installing doors at connections between caves and living space . the front door the damage you described seems to be focused around the doorward side of you . you say you removed " the bricks leading up to the door " , but if there is still a one-block-jump path it is possible a creeper got in anyway . next time , do not worry about removing the path , just close the door ! if you have a wooden door , zombies can break them - this will cause a loud sound of someone punching some wood . the ceiling you have not said anything about your ceiling design . is it possible that your ceiling had a hole in it through which a creeper entered ? there are [ minimal spoilers ] ways for dirt/grass blocks to go away , so if you had a dirt roof perhaps a creeper fell in . miscellany to my surprise , it appeared that nearly all my objects were still there . most were sitting in the same spot that their chest was in . as best i can tell , i was able to recover nearly everything , with the exception of the signs and 2 of the 5 chest blocks . chests drop their contents when destroyed , as you saw . if there had been two explosions , then the second one would have destroyed all of your resources , as they have almost no “health” . they also tend to leave big craters , and there seemed to be too little structural damage in this case . the size of an explosion crater depends on the strength of the materials . if you meet a creeper outside , then it will leave a large hole in the dirt , but the same explosion will do much less damage to stone . oddly , the door and torches outside were gone , but the structure itself was untouched save for two holes in the floor ( marked " gone " in the above picture ) . wooden objects are generally weaker against explosions , and torches have no blast resistance at all .
from the duke nukem wiki the protozoid slimer will attack any weaker being close to it . that is , it will attack and " consume " assault troopers , assault captains , pig cops , assault enforcers and protector drones . it will do nothing to any other enemy , and it will not purposely go for any of those enemies ( it will only try to attack the player ) .
totalbiscuit has a series called i suck at starcraft where he comments on his own noob games , focusing on what mistakes were made and how to improve . the series starts out very basic , explaining economy , supply , teching , and the uses of some individual units . it should be understandable even for someone brand-new to sc2 . the downside to this is that it may be too basic for many players . however , over the course of about 15 videos , he moves into ( somewhat ) more advanced concepts .
without spending money on nex ( the paid equivalent to fate ) , there are a few ways to refresh candles : spending fate clicking on the restore actions buttons on the fate page will refill your candle with your chosen number of actions . note that fate is occasionally rewarded at the end of long or difficult chains of storylets , or as a reward for answering the occasional questionnaire . drinking darkdrop coffee if somebody registers for fallen london using your invite , you earn some darkdrop coffee , which you can use too refill your actions - info from lohoris source - must be logged and wiki page about coffee .
there is a solid chance either 1 ) a game file is corrupted ; or 2 ) one of your mods is interfering with listen servers . go to c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam\steamapps\common\team fortress 2\tf . take the entire contents of your custom folder + cfg folder and move both to your desktop . open steam , right click on tf2 > properties > local files > verify integrity of steam cache . once complete , launch the game and see if you have any issues with your listen server . if you still have issues , it may be a good idea to delete and reinstall tf2 . if there are no issues , start adding back in your mods and custom script files a few at a time , launching the game and testing for issues with each time you re-add something . you will probably want to add the less intrusive mods back in first , such as model or material replacements , as those are less likely to mess with the overall game .
no , of course not , just like the fairy . from technical point his functions are mostly aesthetical , but he is also collecting coins/treasures for you .
as you said , you can go back to the starting quests . this can be done from the main character selection screen , under " change quest " . however , you were asking specifically about lore books . i do not think there is a way to reset all the lore books . instead , you can open up your j ournal and look through there . it contains all the lore books , monster entries , etc . for your reading or listening pleasure .
a . if the server is setup to allow reinforcements then you can/will be re-spawned before the timer runs out . if this is turned off no one will re-spawn till the next hq . the amount of time till the re-spawn is set per server , so can not say for sure what it is . but say you have to hold the hq for 45 seconds then normally iirc you can re spawn after 30 seconds . also you re-spawn in the order/time you die , so if player a dies right as hq is captured , he has a max of 30 seconds , then player b dies he also has a max of 30 seconds , thus spawning after player a by x amount of time . if the hq is destroyed during this time everyone re-spawns right away . there are a few exceptions i believe , i.e. if you die before hq is captured , you will spawn right away at beginning to help hold/capture it . b . you get re-spawned next to your teammates , if everyone is dead then it is the other side of the map , if they are alive you will spawn closest to the furthest player from the obj . hope that is clear :d
mlg is pretty good about posting replays . right now they are not up but when they are you can find them here . for idra vs huk you should be able to see them here
there is no pause button . source 1 - the game 's steam discussion forum , where a search for the word pause returns a short list of people asking for a pause button . source 2 - this ( kinda spoilery ) article which mentions : " no pause key becomes a critical issue when working through challenges . the penalty for being distracted with the real world is to lose 10-15 minutes of work . "
if you are outbid , the money shows up in the " completed " tab , and you must send it to your stash . this transaction should be immediately after you are outbid . if the money was not returned to you in the " completed " tab after you were outbid , then it may be due to ah lag currently affecting the servers ( comment by wikwocket ) , or it was a bug and you should contact blizzard about getting your gold back . give it a few minutes , log in and out , and if it still does not show up , let an admin know . the auction house seems to be having a lot of problems right now , so be wary that it may be awhile before they have a response for you .
press c to bring up your character sheet , and select gear management - you can use this to save decks , including currently equipped talismans and weapons . you start with 5 slots , and can buy additional slots from your faction hq . you can also install add-ons that do a similar function - viper 's deck manager is the one i use .
unlike diablo 1 , magic attributes do not significantly add to the value of the item , instead the base type is more relevant . as you first pointed out ; wands , sceptres , staves and orbs are worth gold based on the " character level " of the skills on them . for example , an orb with +3 firebolt will be worth significantly less than an orb with +3 frozen orb . when you pick up caster weapons , throw away weapons without a level 24 or level 30 skill level . body armor is also generally worth a lot more than weapons . in normal armor , look for full plate or ancient armor and any " exceptional " or " elite " armor will usually hit the gold cap . see all the armors here . finally , make sure your selling everything in hell difficulty , as your act ( in normal ) and difficulty affect your maximum value . act 1 normal is 5000g maximum , hell difficulty ( any act ) is 35000g . it might also be worth making a " gold find barbarian " character just for farming gold . this involves creating a barbarian with the " find item " skill who destroys everything in the " travincal " ( act 3 ) zone . the council members there drop significant gold , and drop even more gold with " find item " cast on their corpse .
there is several ways to disable electric tripwires . i have listed them in what i find easiest to hardest . just run through them pick up some debris lying nearby and hold it in front of you as you walk through it . the object will trigger the wire safely . same thing , but throw the debris into the wire . use telekinesis to yank the bolts out of the wall . shoot the bolts use a grenade to set off an explosion near them just run through them , but with electric flesh equipped . ( electric flesh reduces or eliminates electrical damage ) use telekinesis to yank the bolts out of the wall and then hurl them into unsuspecting splicers , electrocuting them for epic lolz . other plasmids may work on them as well , but a combination of telekinesis , the debris-carry method , and just plain not noticing them ( oops ! ) is what got me through .
it takes 6 seconds to generate 1 tres ( plus 0.125 pres for each person on the team , excluding the commander ) . this means it takes exactly 1 minute for a resource tower to pay for it is tres cost . however consider that even if it does not last a minute it is not a complete loss as your team will have received pres .
i did a run through with a new character , noting when each of the conversations became available . there are a few that the exact point in the quest is not 100% because a friend joined and i did not want to hold them up by running back after every single objective . once you have heard a conversation , if it was missable , it seems to stay around in stead so until i go through with another character and do not talk to anyone , i can not be certain when exactly they can be missed . leah 's childhood is an example of this - you get this conversation when she is following you during the broken blade , but since she was following my friend , i could not collect this one and later it was not available and as such would be missable however once collected , it was available until the end of the act so in these cases , there would be two points at which they become unavailable . leah stops talking to you after you finish the breached keep in act iii and by then any conversations not heard have certainly been missed . act i tristram : available after accepting the quest the fallen star by starting act i until you complete the quest legacy of cain . adria 's death : available after accepting the quest legacy of cain until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . life with cain : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . adria : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . leah 's childhood : available from when you are given the objectives to " retrieve the beacons " during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . about the temple : available from when you are given the objective to enter the drowned temple during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . leah 's power : available after accepting the quest trailing the coven until you begin act ii . act ii about zoltun kulle : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . about adria : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . remembering deckard : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . the archives : available from when you are given the objectives to " open shadow locks " during the quest the black soulstone until you are given the objective enter the soulstone chamber through the terminus during the quest the black soulstone . act iii concern : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you complete the quest the breached keep . hopes : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you complete the quest the breached keep . dreams : available after hearing the converation hopes until you complete the quest the breached keep . ( humourously , the male witch doctor has the wrong audio here ) extras these do not count towards the achievement , but they are also conversations that can be had with leah : soulstone instability : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you accept the quest the breached keep . the black soulstone : available during the quest the breached keep .
sadly my friend as of this posting ( and current dlc availability ) there are no bards you can marry , male or female . since you stated you can not use console commands i need not include a listing of those . . . but here is a list of who you can marry . hope this is a consolation to your lamentations for a bard so fair , well you get the picture , lol . . . this is your link to marital bliss : http://www.realsg.com/2011/11/guide-skyrim-marriage-how-to-and-list.html it describes how to marry , who you can marry , conditions needed and locations . hope this helped
a contested waypoint is in an area where an event is occurring around the waypoint , causing the waypoint to be contested . once the event is over , the waypoint will return to normal .
getting into a multiplayer game is actually rather easy , and there is not much difference between a controller and a mouse ( though i have not actually tried plugging in two controllers at the same time , admittedly . mouse + controller works like a charm ) . to " enter " multiplayer mode , just click on each connected mouse or press a button on the connected controller . you should then have two ( or more ) cursors visible ( red and green for two players ) : next , pick a game mode ( either arena , grim or hammerball . the story mode does not support co-op ) and have each player pick a profile ( in the screenshot , player 1 has already picked a profile ) : then , multiplayer madness : ( ! ) notice that this can only be possible on 32-bit running windows os starting with windows xp . game does not support multimouse mode on 64-bit operating systems .
you can not pick up the gold directly . your heroes are the ones who go and loot it . once they loot it , they will spend it on gear and potions ( and some of it comes as tax as well i think ) . thieves and rangers are the best for this task as they will do more wandering than the warrior and are faster .
from the need for speed wiki : the s15 is one of the best , if not , the best drift car in the whole need for speed series . however due to its handling and acceleration the s15 is also recommend in circuit and/or sprint races . in nfs:world the s15 always has been the overall best performing in t1 . players also have stated that the silvia can easily keep up with t2 cars .
the score is based on how many tiles the red path travels through after a new tile is placed . for each additional tile traversed , you receive the previous tile 's points + 1 . passing through the same tile more than once counts as crossing an additional tile . for example , placing the top tile in the illustration below caused the path length to extend by two tiles , giving +1 for the first tile , and +2 for the second : depending on how well you set up your tiles on previous turns , connecting your path to a series of well-networked tiles can cause your path to traverse several tiles in a single turn , leading to a much higher score .
according to info listed on ign vault , you start with a 50/50 random chance of success for each one . each time you use one ( either succeed or fail ) it improves the skill ( you will see a message pop up about acquiring a new skill ) thus improving your chance next time . my person experience was that i succeeded the first/only three times i tried axii and the first/only time i tried persuasion , so either i am very lucky , or it is not really 50/50 . . .
i was wandering around arqade meta and found this : this is currently the case for starcraft 2 hots . everybody can preorder on amazon and get a free beta key .
the grenade spawns are time based , they are just on a different timer than the ammo respawn . you can quickly see if there are grenades available in a stash as they have their own distinct graphic . also , there are different amounts of grenades per stash depending on the map and difficulty . for example , firebase ghost has 2 grenades per ammo stash , on bronze you will get 2 grenades from each for 4 total . on silver and gold , you will get 1 from each for a total of 2:
since some time now , steam has built in support for adding a nickname to a friend . note that this does not change a nickname , but rather adds one to your friend 's name in parentheses . it works like this : first , right-click on your friend 's name : second , choose a nickname : result is a nickname behind your friend 's current alias :
i do not think that is the correct path , i have the following file on my machine : /Users/username/Library/Application Support/Blizzard/StarCraft II/Variables.txt  i do not see the frame rate variables but there is plenty others , so try adding them there .
in my experience , the cost-optimal solution ( when your blacksmithing is high enough to repair your items with one kit ) is to wait until they hit 0 durability remaining . there is a warning when your items are almost broken , but i never really saw a significant difference in their performance at this stage . i would routinely finish the fight i was in the middle of if i got this warning . the only difference i noticed is when they are completely broken . sometimes in the heat of battle i would miss the damaged/broken warnings , and notice that my weapons were doing almost no damage . due to the fact that equipment effectiveness is almost completely negated when items are at 0 durability , i never spent enough time in that state to gauge if it is possible to lose them completely . however , i seriously doubt this is possible . i believe the only drawback to being at 0 durability is the item being nearly useless . i qualified my answer as being " cost-optimal " because this has practical implications . once the durability of one piece of armor is critically low , it is likely that multiple pieces of equipment require repair . in practice , i tended to repair everything below a certain threshold once one of my items broke - this way , i did not have to go into and out of the menu as frequently . also , this kept me from situations where much of my armor failed at once , leaving me defenseless . money tended to be less valuable than my time - either time spent paging through the menus or time spent loading if i lost due to equipment failure .
this is done in three parts : part 1: get into the good graces of the jarl how you do this is dependent on who controls the city during the civil war : if you do not let the imperials take control of the city , the jarl will be laila law-giver . you can win her favor by completing all parts of the miscellaneous objectives that starts with wujeeta at the fishery . if the imperials have taken control , you can win favor with the newly installed jarl by speaking to them . part 2: become a champion of the people of riften once the jarl likes you , you will be able to secure her trust by helping the people of riften . completing five miscellaneous objectives or favors in riften will complete this step . part 3: handle riften 's drug problem there are three miscellaneous objectives you need to complete : " helping hand " , " the raid " , and " supply and demand " . you might've already completed these as part of the first two steps . once complete , you can purchase your new home for a cool 8,000 gold . for a complete walkthrough , this is exactly what i did : spoke to wujeeta and completed " helping hand " by giving her a healing potion . intimidated wujeeta into telling me where she got her skooma spoke to jarl laila in mistveil keep and told her who the dealer is , and accepted her request to shut him down went into the riften warehouse , confronted the dealer , and retrieved the information about where the skooma was coming from told the jarl about the source , who then told me to deal with it ( noting that i would be well on my way to a title in riften for doing so ) went north to craigslane cavern and disrupted the skooma operation by killing everyone inside and outside reported back to the jarl about the disruption . at this point , the jarl did not have anything new to say . spoke to wylandriah , the jarl 's mage , and completed her retrieval quests by going to windhelm , winterhold , and ivarstead . spoke to sibbi black-briar in the riften jail , and subsequently completed " the lovers requital " completed a dragon bounty given by the jarl 's steward . spoke to romlyn dreth and subsequently completed " under the table . " at this point , i received a new objective to speak to the jarl . upon speaking to her , she said she had make me thane once i purchased a house in riften , which i was then allowed to do by speaking to the steward .
this is actually a very easy fix . your design is something like this : the extra delay comes from the raising of the signal on top of the block , which is actually unnecessary . simply lower the signal , like so : and there you have it . the doors will now be in sync .
there does not appear to be an achievement for removing cameras in portal 2 . i wondered the same thing . it is , however , fun to watch them burn with the lasers . i do not think there was a fun way to destroy cameras and other objects in the original portal .
i can now answer my own question : the bonus levels are not needed . the path of the jedi levels become playable when you 3-star all currently available standard levels - currently tatooine , death star and the 20 hoth levels that have been released so far . i think it is safe to assume that new levels from updates need to be completed as well , so if you have almost completed 3-starring the levels it could be a good idea to refrain from updating the game before you finish unlocking path of the jedi .
i refined my tactics and with this layout it finally worked : start at the lower left by drilling the two stones there once the level starts . then pick up coconuts and place the stump gunners . after that , drill another 2 stones while killing the enemies in between . then continue to help out killing dinos with your gopher and place the rest of the gunners , while drilling stones in between . i placed the ice machine fairly early , it helps out the top right gunner to deal more damage before the enemies pass . in the quite opposite to many other tower defense games , enemies do not slow down around corners .
it is using your shield block chance 's % as a multiplier . for example , if your shield has 20% block chance , then shattering shield will do 325% + 60% damage for a total of 385% damage .
only those limited to one turn . mind control and mind control tech both take control of a minion permanently . this is regarded by the game 's rules engine as that minion newly joining your army and thus follows the same attacking restrictions as a minion you summon or play from you hand . that means , unless it has charge , it can not attack that turn . shadow madness takes control of a minion for one turn only . this would simply not do much if the minion did not receive charge implicitly . actually , there has been quite a discussion about the decision not to write it on the card ( supposedly to keep it simple ) , but it seems shadow madness is intended ( and probably handled internally ) to give charge to the minion . from a logical point of view , this exception makes sense because the card would do very little without that mechanic ( notably , it would work the same way it does now with charge minions , and might get a dangerous taunt minion out of the way ) . seeing as this could theoretically be intentional behaviour , though , we could well see the card reworded in the future if and when cards are released that do exactly this . for the time being , it is safe to assume that cards which take control of a minion only for one turn give that minion charge implicitly .
maybe your computer or graphics card is getting too hot . check how long you can run skyrim until it crashes . also , check this out -> http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=4192 i heard it does a very good job of preventing ctds . and save often !
you can use windowedborderlessgaming ( name unconfirmed ) to force sleeping dogs into borderless windowed mode . it has been tested successfully for sleeping dogs on windows 7 . this is also the method suggeted on pcgamingwiki . instructions from the post on steam forums : run the app and start up a game . make sure you run the game in windowed mode before adding it to the app . after you have set your game to run windowed , click the app 's tray icon and select " add window " go back to your game and while the game window is active press " f3" your game should now be in windowed border-less mode , your settings are saved so the app will recognize your game whenever it runs in windowed mode again and automatically set it to be borderless .
this might not be exactly what you are looking for , but at the very least it'll help . there is a maximum number of spawns that can exist in your town . ( there is a minimum too , but that is not important here . ) spawns are actual bugs and fish in your town . bugs and fish are both counted towards your total spawns . in other words , there is no separate counter for bugs or fish . they are counted together towards the maximum spawn limit . scaring ( or catching ) bugs and fish away will allow you to find higher worth bugs and fish quicker , however this does not change the expensive bugs and fish 's spawn percentage . say you have three trees on your island and four insects can be found : common , uncommon , rare , super rare . if the common insect has a spawn percentage of 80% , the uncommon one has a spawn percentage of 50% , the rare one has a spawn percentage of 30% and the super rare has a spawn percentage of 15% , you will still see more of the common one over the uncommon one , regardless of how many trees are on the island ( same goes for the other types ) . having more trees is helpful . . . if you are using them well . what i have told you so far is . . . a ) insects and fish spawns count towards a spawn maximum . b ) the spawn rate for spawned creatures does not change . so that leads to the last question : if there are fewer trees , will there be a higher chance of insects spawning on those trees ? short answer , yes and no . long answer : if you are cutting down trees having to do with an environmental chance , like for example coconut trees , by removing some of them the others will seem to spawn more regularly . are they ? m . . . . maybe ? if there are more common animals that can spawn on the the island ( based on your tree types , the time of day , etc . etc . ) those animals still have the same chance of spawning as they did when you had more trees . and of course , the fish count towards this end goal too . so if you are just asking about insects in general , i would not say you have more of a chance of spawning insects on trees , per se , you would just have more real estate for insects to use . if you are scaring off the fish as they appear and getting rid of other bugs as well , then . . . i think yes , having few trees will work for you . if you are only scaring the tree insects away , then i can not say that'll help much . in the end , it depends on a lot of percentages and how you deal with other spawns . but suffice it to say having 1 tropical tree that the golden stag can spawn on will not lead to you catching more golden stags , regardless of how you deal with other spawns . see this guide for more information .
the quantum network bridge will allow a network to cross dimensions and large gaps . however , only 1 controller must exist on the network , or if there is a controller on the other side then the network will not work anymore . ( both sides become a single network ) to create one surround a quantum link chamber with 8 quantum field rings and put a quantum entangled singularity in quantum link chamber you need to connect me cable to the field ring to connect it to the network and you need to power the ring directly with 200 units/t ( 40 mj/t , 100 eu/t , 4 kj/t ) of energy . do this on both sides ( with matching singularities ) and then the networks should act as one single network .
no , it is not - it is the same game , with a few bits added on .
the system requirements for cube world say it only needs an internet connection for updates and online multiplayer .
when you dual wield , you alternate attacks with your weapons . so the damage of your skills will change between each strike . that is why when you equip a significantly lower damage weapon in your offhand , your net damage could possibly go down . source
i think it has a huge impact on how fast you sail . sailing with the wind behind you ( in the direction the arrow is pointing ) is much quicker . try it with just half-sail , sailing into the win half-sail you practically stop . when sailing in storms travel speed is disabled forcing you to sail at either full or half sail . this is where the wind direction will come into play the most . sailing in a storm will whip up the wind and waves meaning that sailing into the wind you will be heading front on into huge waves which , without the wind in your sails , will push your ship around quite a bit . different wind strengths will also affect your ship differently depending on which direction you are sailing relative to the wind direction . a huge gust hitting you front-on will practically stop your ship , whereas a big gust hitting from the side will tip the ship significantly to it is side .
in addition to ignoring the person , you could report them for " unskilled player " . unskilled player reports never go to the tribunal or result in a ban , but are only used for determining matchmaking [ 1 ] . this will not result in a blacklist , but will help to minimize the chance of them being randomly queued with you .
build a raw resource stockpile near where you plan to consume said resources . ( stockpiles are in the lower menu ) it will still take time to move the metal up to the stockpile . but , once you actually need the resource it will be right there waiting for you . alternatively , you could create your resource chain near the metal , and then have a stockpile for the finished product elsewhere .
yes , it is possible . i play split-screen at my house ( 2 players on one console ) and am joined by two friends playing split-screen at that house ( again , 2 players on one console ) . this is on the playstation network but i personally heard gearbox reps say that they made this work on all console platforms .
you have to wait until the baby grows up before you can give them items such an age-o-matic . it takes about 3-7 days for the baby to grow up into a playable mii . hope this helps . let me know if i have missed anything or if something in the answer is wrong .
http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/959038-ratchet-and-clank-future-a-crack-in-time/52252386 this says you need to play a new game on hard .
there are virtually no differences . it is almost an exact copy of the original warcraft 3 map , minus the improved graphics , down to the very level of the basic controls itself ( animation cancelling , etc . ) . the biggest difference that you will feel while playing it is the matchmaking system which dota2 will take from games like team fortress 2 and left 4 dead and a ranking system about which we do not know much yet . i would love to give sources on this , but i am afraid i do not have ones on hand right now . there are not exactly a ton of interviews on the game , and most of this stuff is gathered from simply watching the game ( it looks like it is an exact copy ) and posts by icefrog ( one of the original dota caretakers who now works on the game ) on various forums .
a true minimalistic build is 1 anvil and 2 copper nuggets ; so i am going to assume that is what you meant . de-construct your wagon ( you have no other way to get wood ) . make your wood furnace ( copper nugget #1 ) cook 1 ash and 2 coal from your three wood de-construct your furnace use the ash to make a smelter ( ash is a fire safe material in df ) smelt 1 copper bar ( you are going to need the other one ) build a forge ( nugget #2 + anvil ) forge a battle axe ( use this to cut down 3 trees ) de-construct your forge build a second wood furnace ( with the nugget from the forge ) bake 1 ash and 2 coal again de-construct the furnace build a forge out of the ash and the anvil ( again the ash is a fire safe material ) smelt the copper bar from the wood furnace forge a pick this gets you a forge , a smelter , an axe and a pick , thus completing the minimalist challenge . or you could just start out with 2 ash , 2 coal , an axe , a pick and an anvil and skip this otherwise tedious beginning . its worth noting that with 1 copper nugget you have the choice of either a pick or an axe . as a result you either do not have enough copper or not enough wood to complete the challenge . edit : actually if you had above ground lava , you could avoid needing the second copper nugget and make two ash giving you have enough for the forge ( as lava forges do not need coals ) . df2010 in df2010 ( the latest build ) you can use the training axe in place of a normal axe to cut down more trees . people who traditionally used the minimalistic build consider this " cheating " as you essentially get your axe for free . this can let you use 1 copper nugget . de-construct your wagon ( you have no other way to get wood ) . build a carpenter 's shop ( wood #1 ) construct a training axe ( wood #2 ) make your wood furnace out of the copper nugget cut down 3 trees cook 2 ash and 2 coal use the ash to make a smelter deconstruct the furnace to get your nugget back smelt your copper bar ( using ash #1 and the nugget ) build a forge from the ash and anvil ( using ash #2 ) forge the bar into a pick this gets you your forge , smelter , axe and pick . everything you need to build a full society .
if you are an infiltrator then sniper rifles and fitness are both unlockable talent for your class , you will get access to them , but not at the start of the game . to unlock any locked talent , you need to first place a certain number of points in to another talent first . for the infiltrator class these are : sniper rifles is unlocked when your pistol talent is at 5 . fitness is unlocked when your tactical armour talent is at 6 . dampening is unlocked when your electronics talent is at 4 . first aid is unlocked when your decryption talent is at 7 . as per the mass effect wikia .
the following list of locations is where i heard something that sounded distinctly different than the first play-through : introduction sequence the sole regret ( bar at the end of the wharf district , the first level ) urzendra gate ( the level after you collect the 6th shard ) each narration change was minor and did not add much to the plot . if there were others , they were subtle enough that i missed them . a free dlc , released on 14th december on steam , added new features in new game+ mode : the stranger’s dream : a new fully narrated who knows where sequence , bigger and tougher than the others . score attack mode : a challenging new way to play through the story ! you start at level one with all spirits and idols unlocked . combat performance is rated for efficiency , and all areas are repeatable
no , at the moment you can only use the ones you mentioned . the only thing you can do is choose wisely between them . riot really tries to encourage people to play against other people and not vs ai .
the "72 xp needed " means that it will take another 72xp to upgrade the skill to the next percentage point . so if your skill was at 11% , then it would take 72xp to get the skill to 12% too increase the 1st skill perk to 100% from 0% , you will need a total of total of 210,484 xp . the world of tanks wiki describes it in detail : " it is important to recognize two facts about the amount of xp required to increase training level . first , the total amount of experience required to achieve a 100% training level in the 1st skill or perk is double that required to increase the major qualification to 100% . this doubling occurs each time with each new skill or perk . training the 2nd skill or perk to 100% requires double the amount of xp that the 1st skill or perk requires , the 3rd requires double the xp of the 2nd and so on . to increase the training level of the:"
if you are like me and completely suck at the tavern games . . . hunting and selling pelts can be quite profitable , though a bit time-consuming . i like hunting wolves - they travel in packs and can be killed instantly with the hidden blade ( unlike bears which take 3 hits ) for a pelt in perfect condition . beaver pelts are good as well . beavers are slow and easy to track , and their pelts sell for boatloads . i am only on sequence 6 so far , and i am also making decent cash from opening chests around the world , though i suspect this source will dry up shortly . : ) have not done much crafting yet since i need to gather more resources and artisans , but it does not seem like an efficient money-maker , since making the same item increases its cost for a while . sending your assassin recruits on missions is another source of income . it is not very quick , but it is pretty hands-off and passive .
