this turned out to be my own bad . . . i had mistakenly remembered my dvd as being pc only , when in fact it was my sims 2 dvd that had no mac installer . so basically , yes , the serial works considering it is a pc/mac combined dvd : )
assault ships are a bit heavier and ment for " prolonged " fights . have better tanking capability . can deal a nice amount of damage as well as take in a nice amount of damage . interceptors are very light , very fast version of the tech 1 counterpart . have very low tanking capability but rely heavily on speed as a " tank " . can deal a very nice amount of damage . in proper hands these ships can be very dangerous . i think they were created to enhance wolf pack tactics . you need to be aware that in some cases a more skilled pilot in a cruiser will be in your way . you have a great chance of dying .
the chakram launcher should be available to you immediately . once you find the first weapon bench you should be able to select it under the list of available assault rifles . alternately , if you find a weapon during a mission , you can choose to change your loadout and equip the weapon that way . if the weapon is not showing up , it might be that it was not unlocked . in order to unlock the chakram launcher , you have to get to the end of the 45 minute timed segment of the kingdomes of amalur demo . the reckoner knight armor should be available once you return to the normandy after the citadel section . if you go to the armory , there is an area that allows you to change your armor . the second slider down allows you to select the reckoner armor . regarding your ea accounts , no additional linking should be necessary as long as you are playing with the same account/console that you played the demo on .
in ftl a breach is a hole in the hull represented by a crack in the floor - you can see a hull breach in the room below the engine room in the below screenshot breaches slowly vent oxygen into space and also must be repaired before the system contained in that room can be repaired and so they can be particularly nasty when trying to repair vital systems in a room . the breach chance of a weapon is the chance that the wepon will cause a hull breach in that room when it hits ( i am not sure what probability " low " corresponds to )
kinda . the thing to remember is that it is not the weapons that matter , but the abilities of the profession who is using them . the axe in the hands of a necromancer is a fast weapon . in the hands of a warrior , it is a bit slower . each ability has an effective " cast " or animation time that does not change depending on the weapon you wield ( though you can really only see this with utilities ) , and since there is no auto-attack ( just abilities that , again , have a certain cast time ) , guild wars 2 has no real concept of attack speed . the only way to make things happen faster , is to acquire the quickness boon .
no . you cannot craft potions that will , for example , fill your health bar completely , no matter your hp deficit . however , you can create potions of sufficient potency that they will be functionally identical if you grab the right key perks and abuse enchanting while you are at it .
i just tested this by merciclessly slaughtering sven and hilde while they slept in their riverwood home . unfortunately ( or fortunately , if you have , you know , scruples ) , even after death all of their chests are considered " owned": you still get marked as a thief for attempting to open them , which is a sure sign the room is not safe to store belongings in . so no , despite what davy jones or any salty seadog might tell you , it is not safe to use a dead man 's chest and/or store rum in it .
toughness only reduces direct damage , rather than indirect damage . as such , toughness has no effect on fall damage according to the guild wars 2 wiki . stacking vitality will not help , but does have an effect on fall damage - since fall damage is percentage based , having more vitality will cause you to take more damage , as you will always lose the same percentage of health from the fall .
the terror dart . always the terror dart . probably 80% of my game was path of nightmares and the terror dart . the thing about the terror dart is that it works against all enemies , including the late-game enemies that have multiple detection abilities . some lethal gear requires that the enemy move first , which is not always ideal . some of the other lethal gear only stuns and does not kill strong enemies , which means that you have still got to move in for the kill . the dart also takes care of a whole set of enemies at once , by causing panic and fear when they see the effects . enemies will freak out , walk off ledges , shoot their allies , and so forth . with path of nightmares , bodies you leave behind do not trigger alerts , they trigger panic instead . this can be extremely powerful against groups and in spots where you have got to hold out until time runs out . i did not find the distraction items to be that useful . the vast majority of the time , it is possible to get behind enemies and take them out with the sword . if you distract them , they become slightly more unpredictable in their behaviors , and they are still alive . with the dart , if you are in a sticky situation , death is guaranteed . if you find you need a distraction , the bamboo dart that you start with ( and have an infinite supply of ) will attract attention to your current location . you can set enemies up to fail by standing near a trap trigger and throwing a dart at them . they will come over to investigate and run afoul of the trap . there is also a late-game outfit that requires you to leave behind distraction items . this outfit is required for certain missions . therefore , if you invest heavily in distraction items , you are going to be out of luck when these missions roll around .
hitting g will toggle the landing gear . additionally , 0.18 introduced a way to do this with mouse . next to the altimeter is a set of buttons for lights , landing gear , and brake lock .
some tips : play with a buddy , clan or quad who is/are better than you and can show you the ropes . halo 3 , in particular , had some great clans who were interested in helping newbies out . in team games , use your microphone . communication is key in team games so you will want to use the mic to coordinate your assaults and call out enemy positions , especially snipers . pay attention to the gametype you are playing . a lot of people play every game mode like it is free-for-all or team deathmatch . if you are playing an objective game like capture the flag or territories , going for a good k/d ratio is not the best use of your time . granted , killing the other team can give you advantages , but you should still be spending the lion 's share of your time working towards the actual goals of the game . on team modes , learn to be a good team member . for example , in a capture the flag game , you should either be a part of the group going for the enemy flag or a part of the group defending your flag . you should not just be running all over the map by yourself . in a game like battlefield bad company 2 , you will want to remember your support functions and help out by dropping ammo and medkits , throwing sensors and repairing vehicles for your team . if you can play private matches , set up a private game and investigate the maps . learn where the weapon drops , objectives , etc . are located and the paths between them . if you can play local private vs . games , hook up a second controller and check out the sniper spots and hidey holes to get an idea of how hidden people are and what it looks like when someone is camping there . see if the game has a good wiki or mp faq on gamefaqs or the web . a lot of people will share great tips for succeeding in mp . you can also check out the paper guides ( prima , etc . ) , but those are usually not as good as their online counterparts and are not updated to reflect new maps and game patches . take some time to become familiar with the weapons . you will die a lot while doing this , but try to get a feel for their effective ranges , reload times , clip size , power and so on . try to think about what sort of weapons will work better on which maps . are there vehicles ? long sniper lines ? lots of close quarters ? if the game has classes , try all of them out and give each of them some play time . even if you hate a class ( for example , i am not a fan of sniping ) , you will learn the strengths and weaknesses of that class by playing it for a bit . if the game has a an unlock system , pay attention to completing the unlock requirements once you have the basics of the game down . in some games , the higher-level unlocks can give you a significant advantage on the battlefield . learn to shoot for the head . in most games , a headshot does a lot more damage than a body shot . you will want to reflexively put your reticule on their helmet before pulling the trigger . be prepared . make sure your health and shields are topped off before running out for more mayhem . find a safe place and reload after each battle . make sure your ammo and supplies are topped off . do not be predictable . unlike single player , humans are pretty good at figuring out your patterns . try to mix it up a bit , both with weapon selection and where you roam on the map . pick one or two games and practice them as often as you can . more frequent shorter sessions are probably better than fewer longer sessions , though you will want each session to be long enough to " get into the groove " of the game . do not get discouraged . in any game there will be a lot of people with way more skill than you , even with " skill-based " matchmaking . try to learn from your deaths and view them as a learning experience . understand that , when switching games , your skills may not transfer well - you will have to learn new maps and the controls , game modes and weapons will be different .
one trick that i like to use is to " clump " my nukes so that they are coming in to strike at about the same time . even if your enemy has a good anti-air defense , they can only shoot at so many nukes at once . to do this takes a bit of practice , and some timing : you need to launch from the further-away launchers first , then launch with the closer ones so that the missles end up being very close to each other once they are close to the target . with a lot of practice , and some imbalance in your initial placement of sea forces , you can get you 6 ground launchers , 12 subs , and 18 bombers ( 6 ground , 12 ship ) to all release nukes in a cluster ( for a total of 36 nukes ) , and maybe loose 4 or 5 ( less , if thier defense is split ) . remember : you only need them to be in-sync near the target 's defenses -- once you are past those , they can ( and should ) go to various targets . this is all much easier if you make liberal use of the really-really-slow button . just make sure you speed it up whenever you are not needing to do something , lest you piss of the other players .
from the ea website , the following weapons are categorized as stationary : heavy mg x312 heavy mg kord stationary at korn anti-ait gun zu23 as they are not really up to date on their websites as always , expansions may add other weapons to the list .
horseplay , as you have noted , simply advances the game clock by one hour . while it seems useless on the surface ( and , according to some , it mostly is , for reasons explained below ) , it is not entirely without use . for example , if you are gathering in the dungeon late at night , advancing the clock to midnight will reset your harvesting allowances . most players seem to usually recommend double crop for harvesting runs instead , but one small benefit that horseplay offers over double crop is that it only takes a single skill point to invest in , and has no significant tp cost , which can be useful in the early game . another minor use is as a way to manipulate the in-game clock for specific dungeon events that only occur at specific times of day .
there is no way to transfer a character between leagues " on demand " . generally speaking , you will have to create a new character in the league your friends are in . or they will have to create one in yours . however , leagues can have rules concerning character transferral/demotion to a different league . this usually happens on the character 's death ( for hardcore leagues ) and the season ending ( for challenge leagues ) .
one of the starcraft art teams is referred to as " team 54" source :
it is bolvar fordragon , paladin of the silver hand , commander of the alliance 's combined military forces in northrend , former regent of stormwind , and fallen hero of the wrathgate . he was thought dead at the wrathgate , but had in fact survived and been captured by the scourge , and tortured , with the eventual intention of being made into a death knight , much like saurfang the younger . however , unlike saurfang , bolvar resisted until arthas 's defeat . after arthas menethil , mortal host of the lich king , was slain , tirion fordring took up the helm of domination , the crown of the lich king , preparing to don it himself . as he did so , bolvar intervened , calling from his seat upon the frozen throne , his body warped by the red dragonflight 's fire . as a last act of service to azeroth , bolvar asked that tirion place the helm of domination on his head . as the self-appointed " jailer of the damned , " bolvar seeks to keep the scourge under control . as bolvar encased himself and the frozen throne once again in ice , he warned tirion that no one could know what happened . tirion would have to tell the world that the lich king was dead , yet as his voice changed , he added that bolvar fordragon had died with him .
no . this is a bug that happens when they are reset the servers for maintenance/downtime . i doubt they consider it a high priority to fix . so , if we were to enter a perfect world where there was no unscheduled maintenance , and you did not have any items listed ( or uncollected payments ) when the server goes down , that should solve the issue for you .
there is no special meaning . the message means exactly what it says . the battle will be against a demon of super duper quality . simply put , the fight is going to suck hard and the likelihood of dying in one hit is high for many of them . as krazer said , these are usually notable characters .
the first tip i would give you might be obvious , but nevertheless many seem to forget it : use your index/middle finger instead of your thumb . you will find that if you place the controller on a surface and tap the buttons with your index finger , you achieve a much faster pressing rate . the second tip comes straight from the pro , toshiyuki takahashi ( a . k.a. takahashi meijin , a . k.a. 16 shot ) , that tip is to use you middle/index finger and your thumb together in a downward vibrating motion , see the following video : as any rapid , repeated motion , it can cause damage over time , so give your fingers and palms a rest once in a while . . .
in wait mode if you are in a command menu ( i.e. . choosing an item or tech to use ) time effectively stops . in active mode , active time battle bar is always going ; that is the one that fills up and your character can act when it is full . this includes yours and the enemy 's which you can not see . when you are just in the main combat screen and not in a particular menu there is no difference . once you learn dual-techs you might actually prefer active mode , because in wait mode you would have to sit in the main screen waiting for both characters to be ready to act , whereas in active mode you can just select the tech while waiting and then just choose it . that is actually one of the reasons that wait mode does not make it completely " turn-based " the way you expect it to . you sometimes need to wait till 2 characters are ready to act simultaneously and if time stopped when it was 1 character 's turn , you would not be able to do so .
a light source illuminates a diamond ( it does not " travel " diagonally ) . light does spread around corners , but does not travel through most solid objects . a torch placed on a pillar will provide light on the opposite side , but the light has to travel around the piller . the open space immediately adjacent to the piller and opposite the torch , is 2 spaces away , but takes the light 4 spaces to go around the piller . therefore , from a starting light level of 14 at the torch , the open space will have a light level of 10 , in the abscence of another source of light .
open the character sheet ( c ) switch to the tab for your companion ( make sure they are active/present ) hit the " customize appearance " button on the middle right check " hide head slot " i am not sure exactly when this was added but it is been at least a few months .
any effect that scales off of maximum health takes the current health maximum of the champion . this counts for on-hit procs ( bloodrazor ) as well as targeted abilities ( fizz 's trident ) and aoe abilities ( xin zhao 's ult , assuming it is levied against someone who is currently at their max health ) . those abilities take into account items granting permanent health , items granting temporary health ( red elixir , for instance ) , and , yes , lulu 's ultimate . while it should go without saying , anything that adds a shield , but not health does not increase the calculation for maximum hp . this design choice allows the developers to change the power level of abilities and items in a more granular manner .
you get more uses . according to the minecraft wiki article on it , the formula is : floor ( item a uses + item b uses + ( max uses / 10 ) ) so not only do you save inventory space by combining ( "repairing" ) partially used tools , you actually get more uses out of the combined tool .
assuming you do not have any viable counter-attack plan with your current setup , you might want to consider retreating . in the advanced edition the flagship has to occupy the " base " for 3 consecutive turns before you lose . if you can visit a shop and trade a weapon for another that might do the trick . more likely there are some encounter beacons you have not completed or allowed the rebels to capture . these will give scrap . the best option , however , is reaching a repair station which in the advanced edition will give you scrap in addition to other benefits . if you truly will reach a deadlock , you will need to use some extra scrap to change your loadout . oh , and the best part about retreating ? they will have to hack all over again , and they might choose your sensors next time !
for the red drones , give the following : if(me.getY()&gt;11) me.move('up'); else if(me.getX()&gt;0) me.move('left');  the yellow drones can be given this : me.moveToward('block');  give the green drones this code : if(me.getY()&gt;11) me.move('up'); else if(me.getX()&lt;map.getWidth()-1) me.move('right');  just move right and the red and green drones will line up and move towards the top corners .
when the host quits you are automatically transferred to single player . while not in a quest , you just reload the ui and you spawn in the single player lobby . everything you did ( bought something or changed something in your box ) is still done . during a quest the others will leave the quest and let you alone . the monster still has the same amount of live left and you still have the same items with you as you had before ( even traps and bombs are still placed ) but you will not get the other shakalaka ( cha-cha or kayamba ) .
yes you can , but you can only play vs . players who are also playing wings of liberty . people who own hots can set their game mode to wol , and then you will be able to play with them ; but most players nowadays are playing hots . no , this is only limited to hots . you can however form a party with someone who has hots and play any game type with them . in this situation , you can gain xp ( see spawning ) i am not sure in this one ; you can definately earn the achivements and although the " swarm levels " are appereant in wol but that feature only available in hots , i guess you cannot unlock the skins/animations ( except the decals/portraits , which you get as a reward after certain achievements ) . no , you can only produce the units available in wol if you want to play legacy of the void ( the second expansion for sc2 ) , you will have to buy it look around in retail or directly at the blizzard store , they sometimes have -50% off both the games . ( i would rather not trust some random key sellers ) additional info : there is a spawning-feature in sc2 . basically , you can play wol/hots with your starter edition if you play with friends that own wol/hots ( you can find more info on spawning at the linked site )
it seems to be a bug for now . . .
drugs that can be taken to prevent death from withdrawal twinoid betapropine steroids unlabelled drug valium hydratone paracetoid in general , you should try to stick to the drugs that are less useful to others . unlabelled drugs are good because anyone else that takes them is likely to get addicted . same with betapropine . paracetoid might be a good option if your town has lots and nobody is getting infected . hydratone is a good option if you are thirsty and are not going to drink . valium is generally not useful until the end , but its quite important then . and twinoid and steroids should be last resorts unless you need the ap from them anyways .
this was actually fixed in patch 1.2 ! awesome .
here is a similar thread on 2dboy forum : http://goofans.com/forum/world-of-goo/support/2460 well , currently it is not possible to transfer save files but when gootool 1.1 come you will be able to transfer files . hope i helped
nationalism nationalism is a modifier that applies to all conquered provinces once conquered . what does it do ? in europa universalis iv , every province in your country has a " most likely " rebel type if the revolt risk in the province is above 0 , you can see what type by hovering the mouse over the revolt risk window and reading the tool-tip . these rebel factions will surface at a percentage chance per month according to their revolt risk . once conquered a province gets +14.00 revolt risk from nationalism . how long does this last ? nationalism last for 10 years after being conquered , as the tool-tip states what happens ? well , apart from giving an increased revolt risk by virtue of being affected by nationalism . not much , it just makes it increasing likely that you will suffer the spawning of a nationalist rebel stack/army . is this bad or good ? well , rebels are annoying , nationalist rebels have a few specific goals , and they can achieve those by successfully negotiating demands from their overlords when they control at least one province . nationalist rebels scoring a victory by their overlord negotiating therefore confers the following penalties and benefits titled local autonomy : province modifier : local autonomy ( in all occupied provinces for 20 years ) -100% manpower -100% tax -100% tariffs -100% production -50% missionary strength however the one advantage of allowing the rebels to succeed in their war goal , at least to the point of negotiation is that you gain -10 revolt risk to the province , which may help you maintain order in your empire if at a particularly low stability or prestige/weak geo-political standpoint . if you let them enforce their demands however , by letting the war-score tick over and not dealing with the irritating rebellion , you will find yourself acquiescing to the nationalistic rebel 's demands , which has the following effect : rebel nation released
first , back up your save games and then you can try using autohotkey to create quicksave backups . the way i have set up ahk , it should refuse to overwrite files , but i would not trust your only copy of your skyrim saves to this , as it is untested . again , i provide no warranty , use at your own risk . try the following , using autohotkey : edit the paths as needed for the location of the quicksave file and where you want the backups to go . if you put the " backupfilename " location as the save directory , then it will probably show up in your list of saved games , and they will be named with the date/time you quicksaved previously . once you have edited it to your liking , you will have to put this in a file with the extension " . ahk " and double click . i do not have skyrim , so i can not test this out personally . hopefully it at least points you in the right direction .
in your friends list , right click a user and press " invite to trade . " in there , you will be able to send unused copies of games and items from several supported games . trading supports game copies for game items and items between different games , with no real limits . at the moment , the supported games for item trading are : team fortress 2 portal 2 spiral knights dota 2
it is not your ftl speed , but the rate your ftl charges at while in combat . http://ftlwiki.com/wiki/systems#engines Upgrading improves dodge chance and the rate that your FTL drive charges  faster charging is useful when you want to get out of a sector sooner without fighting .
seems like you are doing everything right . make sure to keep buff , dragon , and baron timers . if you can get your whole team to help try and steal all the enemy buffs instead of just taking their wraiths occasionally .
yes , per win ip boosts and timed boosts stack together . http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/influence_points#trivia
how to : ( 1 ) start reviving one player , ( 2 ) res another , ( 3 ) finish reviving the former player . result : the former player will automatically and immediately get a second wind if they enter ffyl mode . it was patched in update v1.5.0 ( released april 18 , 2013 ) . fixed an exploit where players could become invincible occasionally through the siren 's res skill .
from the dayz wiki : slugs are solid rounds for shotguns that have decent range and stopping power . pellets are rounds of buckshot that spread out at short range ( about a quarter of the range of slugs ) . pellets are more situational , and are probably only superior to slugs in buildings .
for 2v2: check out the bottom section of liquipedia wiki - strategies . you can learn much just by watching youtube videos and practicing things you learned there . for 2v2 , check out these for 3v3 , there are existing articles out there : basic tips early-game : defensive builds mid-game : protoss mid-game : terran mid-game : zerg end-game : options i guess that once you are good at the above the 4v4 does not differ much , i would not suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer . it is not competitive either , as tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers . the maps are not made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced . . . unit synergy of different races i would suggest every race to create his own composition of units , why ? if you create only one type of units instead and your friend the others , you will depend much more heavy on one resource . ( example : marines would be minerals only ) when controlling your army , if you are alone it is much more easier to command your different types of units so they do not accidently die . then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines . . . if you were separated , you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late . when talking about different races , you can ask and plan what units to create to accompany your friends ' army . if he is planning an air assault , you could create some ground units just to distract the opponent away from the air as you both attack . . . is there some kind of roles in good teams ? this could be done , but can be risky depending on how you do it . . . for example , if you have a player that is only harvesting , his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that . but by doing that , you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them . . . so , for that role for example , do not just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it . think of his base as one of your expansions . this is probably an early-game problem to think about , maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him . . .
no your old account will be the same . this is going to be a completely new account , where you have limits ( of the starter account ) . i have tried this a while ago , for the same purpose . did not work as i wished =/
frag grenades are on a timer , and explode after several seconds , regardless of the surfaces they contact or where they roll . the advantage of the frag is that you can bounce it off of surfaces , and therefore you can do indirect damage to enemies that are around a corner . you can also get a bit more distance between you and a target , as they will bounce and roll on flat terrain . plasma grenades stick to surfaces , and then detonate shortly afterwards . this can make them good against enemies that tend to dodge when grenades are thrown at them . if you connect with the throw , it is a guaranteed hit , and in most cases a guaranteed kill . however , without the ability to bounce , they are a bit shorter range and can not be used as effectively for indirect fire . pulse grenades are the new promethean grenade type . when thrown , they detonate when the hit a surface . however , they will spend several seconds creating a shield- and health- draining sphere with a fairly limited radius . it is about as tall as a spartan , elite , or knight . after a couple of seconds , they explode , doing significant damage . since they are a bit more area-of-effect and damage-over-time , they are good for when you know you have an enemy pinned or stunned . the sphere 's area of effect also slows vehicles caught within it .
never did that before , but i think you should be able to do it by manually editing the saves files . more precisely the persistent.sfs file . there is a ROSTER category located somewhere down the file where you can find all your crew members . ( lookup their name ! ) you can revive them by setting their state back to 0 . ( seems to be confirmed by http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com/threads/41891-how-to-revive-the-%28bob-bill-and-jebediah%29 ) you can as well add jebediah to the command pod . lookup the ship 's name into the file and locate the crew = x value . change this to the number of crew member you want to add . jebediah should be 0 .
on the mission launch screen , there is a little speaker icon by each players name . . . it is red if they have no mic , blue if they do have one . when someone is talking it is blue with sound waves coming off of it . get them talking before the mission launches , mute them there and you should be good to go !
you can use the cat potion to easily see the blood trail in the forest . there are at least three trails to follow , all starting near the gate between lobinden and flotsam . by keeping ( mostly ) to your right , you will end at human corpses . but if you try to keep to your left , geralt will mumble something about " he is getting weaker , can not be far now . " that trail also ends in someone else 's body . but from there turn around and keep to your left again . cedric is not far from there .
brawl does not allow you to use the d-pad for movement if there is a control stick available ( on any controller , classic or otherwise ) . there are legitimate reasons for this ; using the d-pad instead of a control stick will gimp your controls slightly . i believe this also has to do with how the control maps are coded - because up , down , and side are different functions in non-wiimote alone setups , you can not " merge " the whole thing into " movement " and " jump " . ( they had to carve up a few mechanics to squeeze the game into the d-pad anyway , it gimped parts of the game engine itself . ) it is the exception ; the control stick is the rule ( and indeed the crux of the series ) . of course there are probably hacks for this , but i do not know any offhand .
the key is to not focus on the enemies . the goal is to power the ship , not kill the enemies . as you have seen , the enemies never stop coming . i got past this part by sprinting to the next power port whenever i got a new power cell from cortez . if any enemies were in my way , i would shoot them but other than that i would ignore any enemies since they take a long time to take down ( especially the brutes ) . for me , it took 3 power cells to fully power the doors . i believe that the various ports can be reused , if needed .
the issue i see is ( especially on smp ) mobs are loaded before blocks ( last experienced this on 1.2.4 ) so they move before the walls/blocks load . i have lost many a chicken this way . also this is made worse on smp as the chunks are loaded/unloaded much more often . edit : should have mentioned , there is a fix for this in the next release , but until then , the only way is to stay with your birds at all times . edit 2: the only fix i can recommend is to replace all the wood with glass and hope for the best , as you are on smp i would also hide this whole thing in case it is a chicken hunter , not a bug killing them .
turn your pip light on and off , if that doesnt work , wait for it to be patched .
since torchlight ii will have completely new character classes , and none of the ones from torchlight i will have a comingback , you will not be able to use old characters . it is also stated in torchlight ii faq in runic games official forum : will i be able to import my old characters ? no , the original characters will be in the game as npcs , as will other npcs of the destroyer , vanquisher , and alchemist class types . additionally , due to various changes in gamplay systems the old character files will not be able to be imported as-is , as detailed below : along with the story the game will use a new wardrobing system opposed to the one in torchlight . as a result they did not reuse the torchlight character assets .
as of patch 3.7 , may 2013 , the game now officially supports item sets . you can define sets of items in the launcher , and use these in-game at the shop . you can define multiple sets , multiple categories per set , and any number of items per category . for each item set , you can specify what champions and maps it appears on , or set them to appear globally . in-game , you click on the recommended tab to access a drop-down list which will have all the item sets available to that champion for that map . if you specify an item set to be specific to a champion , it will default to that item set when you first visit the shop . once in-game , if you select an item set through the shop , it saves that item set selection in Config/game.cfg under [ recommendeditems ] , and the next time you play that champion on that map it will show the item set by default . the item sets are currently stored client-side in RADS/projects/lol_air_client/releases/*highestVersionNumber*/deploy/bin/preferences/*username*.properties . if you play on multiple computers , simply copy this file to copy your item sets . they have plans to move them sever-side in the future , so you will eventually have access to them from any computer . they have also hinted that they may be adding import/export functionality , to share your item sets more easily .
the audi tt rs will do 170mph , this can be bought in the garage for 20,000 .
the badges will not change before you buy them . after that , the empty slots will be filled up when you re-enter town ( if new badges are available , usually after a chapter finishes ) . so , do not worry , just buy the ones you do not actually need later when you got some spare coins .
the short answer is you need a justice system . a jail is a room used by the justice system within your dwarven community , also known as a prison . they are designated from a constructed restraint , by querying the restraint , designating it as a room , and then setting it to be used for justice . source : http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/prison#ixzz0v0zfmsu0 the jail is only one part of the equation , you will also need a sheriff or fortress guard to actually carry out the policing . policing your dwarves will cause them to get locked up when they do bad things . this is an alternative to killing them as that can lead to bad thoughts amongst other dwarves . its important to note that if your prison is not nice enough , it can also lead to bad thoughts and make things worse instead of better . they are going to need a bed , food and alcohol to stay alive . the better the quality the better for the dwarf . a table and chair also go a long way . finally , the quality of the restraint also affects the mood of the dwarf in question . its important that you always have room in your prison for new dwarves . if you do not , illegal activities will be punished by the hammerer which can lead to bad thoughts and death .
it is a glitch/bug , and it is not the only bug related to the upper right corner . after you get certain items in the game each time that you exit the loading screen the same messages will appear there . if you are afraid that you have missed an important message , you can always go to the animus menu ( not the map ) and there you can see the animus messages .
i have found that the easiest way to stop your character getting dominated in big fights is to pump up your health each level increase . on my last character , i was playing an archer whom i assumed would rarely get into a close-combat situation that i could not just kite out of . i spent each level increase on stamina so i could run further ( as part of the hit-and-run tactic i was trying ) . it was great , except for every so often when i would come up against something that pinned me down or shot at me from a distance . i was about to restart , but instead started investing in more health . all of a sudden , the game started to get easier . that character got to level 51 with over 300 health . other tips would be : invest in skills that increase your base damage for your weapon type . for example , maxing out the base skill for one-handed doubles your damage every single hit . if you are looking for superior equipment , invest some skills in smithing . if you go along the right hand side of the skill tree , you can craft the strongest weapons/armour for a light or heavy fighter or archer and improve them to legendary quality . for fights against dragons and powerful enemies , keep some potions of fortify archery/one-handed/two-handed/destruction or whatever you are using to increase your damage . the sooner they die , the less damage they can do . carry potions of restore health attached to a hotkey so you can quickly restore health if you need to ( if on the pc version , " favourite " them in the items menu , then press q when out of the menu to open your favourites list . move the selection over the item and press 1-8 to attach it to that hotkey ) . carry potions of resist frost/fire/shock/magic . a resistance of 40% almost halves the damage an enemy relying on that type of damage can do . you can save money if you make these potions yourself . consider investing some points in alchemy ( just the base skill , physician and benefactor is enough . print an alchemy effects guide to find out what ingredients do , or just eat one of each ingredient to find an effect , then discover the rest through trial and error ) . restore health , for instance , can be made quite simply with blisterwort or blue mountain flowers and wheat . if you rely on melee weapons , consider carrying a reasonable bow and some arrows ( the arrows are weightless , the bow is fairly light too ) . in some situations , jumping on top of some rubble and shooting that warhammer-wielding master vampire is the smartest choice . let your companion attract the attention of nearby enemies and take the hits . they sound like a jerk for letting you die so often anyway . target an enemy that is attacking your companion , so that you get a few hits in before they even realise they are being attacked by someone else . if you let us know what character type you are playing , we can give more specific advice . hope this helps for now .
a bus station can only accept and supply passengers . to accept mail , or any other goods , you will need to build a lorry station . bus and lorry stations can be part of the same station complex , so building a lorry station in an adjacent square will allow the station complex to accept mail and passengers , but mail vehicles will only go to the lorry station and passenger vehicles to the bus station .
yep , the m key will bring you right to the loadout screen for the class you are currently playing as .
it sure is high enough to trigger the widow mines . but like you say , the widow mines goes for the highest priority , which is non-hallucinated units . bonus info : you can attack with the widow mine yourself . if you rather kill a stalker , not a zealot , simply attack click the stalker , and the widow mine will target the stalker . this move can be useful for defense and for a widow mine mine-line drop .
though i am not into wow , it looks like somebody acquired the legendary staff dragonwrath , tarecgosa 's rest . according to wowpedia : once the staff is completed , blue drakes will appear hovering above stormwind and orgrimmar . these images both look similar , from mmochampion . org :
right now the horse only gives you speed for a gameplay improvement , but in next versions now that the fight system is corrected , it will increase your damage and we are planning to give the horse a complete set of different upgrades !
overloading ( or overheating ) gives a small boost to the module . i am going to link a couple of resources at the end , because they will cover all of the aspects far better than i ever could . i will , however , give a short rambling on when and why i overload : overloading gives a different bonus based on which type of module you are overloading . it ' improves ' the function of the module by a specific amount , increasing the effect . the drawback is that the modules heat up , dealing an amount of damage per cycle . if the amount of damage absorbed by the module goes over it is health ( iirc , 40 for pretty much every mod in the game ) the module ' breaks ' and becomes unusable until it is repaired . this is mostly done in pvp , but can see some use in pve as well . when overloading kicks in , the small boost that is given to the module can be enough to give that extra edge over an opponent - often enough to survive the fight . the eve university wiki ( quite possibly the best resource for eve-o ever ) has a page on overheating , and even a class called overheating 101 ( and an accompanied recording ) .
daybloom blooms when it is day time . moonglow blooms when it is night time . blinkroot blooms ( and stops blooming ) at random . deathweed blooms only during blood moons . waterleaf blooms when it is raining . fireblossom blooms when it is touching lava . the required depth seems to be ~&frac14 ; blocks . when blooming , the plants also emit light and/or particle effects .
when smelting ores ( not dusts or processed materials ) you will receive a nugget for that ore . this also works on meat ( cooking chicken will give chicken nuggets ) i am not sure on the chance but i believe its around 25% , but when you add all of the arcane bellows to it that you can ( one on each hole on the side ) , it not only becomes faster and uses less aura , it also increases the reward chance to something like 90% . one thing i should mention is although the description says its " free " it is far from it ( in thaumcraft 3 anyway . in thaumcraft 4 it is free , as explained in the comment ) . it uses aura from the atmosphere in order to smelt , so if you are using it as a primary furnace and smelting a lot . i suggest getting some aura generation items around otherwise that area will become a painful area .
the inferno armor is a " complete set " armor , ( so you can not mix and match armor pieces ) which is only available to purchase . kassa fabrications stocks it for 50,000 credits , or you can buy it off the terminal in the normandy 's shuttle bay for 10% more .
the elcor homeworld of dekunna is in the silean nebula , in the phontes system . i see that you have found oltan - oltan is actually a satellite of dekuuna , so it should be right there . if you found the elcor asset there , you are in the right place - the ships you are looking for are apparently on oltan , actually . ( it is even possible you already found this one without realizing it , maybe ) more at the mass effect wiki .
well . . . so each item in the stock manager looks something like this :  ,Flour 1 [-] 5 [+]  , this is the character that represents the material Flour is the name of the resource 1 ( the top ) is the current number of that resource in your stockpiles . if it is just laying around the map , it does not count 5 ( the bottom ) is the number you want your camp to have stocked , the orcs and goblins will automatically schedule jobs to fulfill this quota , items that have more than one requirement get a little more complicated in making that happen , but we will get into that in a few . [-] and [+] these are buttons to decrease or increase your quota amount that is the bare mechanics , but how it actually works can be a little trickier . ( just an aside , items do not appear listed in the sm until you can create them , the exception to this is Bread which you get at the start of the game , so until you can actually produce it changing it is quota in the sm will not do anything ) let 's start with a simple example . you just start out , and you want to build a carpentry workshop , trying to do so will tell you that you do not have enough logs in your stockpile . the next step is to build a stockpile and give it both it is catagory and the individual item you want it to hold ( in our example that would be both wood and log ) . you designate a block of trees and wait for the logs to start piling up . but that never happens . . . why ? goblins are a lazy bunch by nature and only will do things if they are told to . the quota set is 0 , so they are done ! not what we wanted . fire up the stock manager ( sm ) and hit the + a couple of times and the goblins will get to work . now if you use those logs ( either for a carpentery workshop , wall or what have you ) , goblins will automatically fell designated trees to bring the total value of all log stockpiles up to your quota . now if for some reason they go over quota ( you force them to fell trees , or in the case of seeds , you just have too many ) then nothing will happen until you are back under . so now you have got logs , simple huh ? now for a more complicated example , which is where a little bit of a learning curve comes in . you have got a fine camp going , but you want to really keep it safe , and those wooden clubs and bone daggers just ain't cutting it ? time for stone weapons ( v . 11 or later ) . build your self a nice quarry ( shameless plug i know ) . once it is up and running and secured from dreaded ants , time to start digging . open up the sm set your quota of rough stone and give it a stockpile to go into . now rough stone is pretty useless on it is own , so you need to turn it into something useful . build a stone carver , which will unlock a new option in sm , sharpened stone give yourself a quota and a stockpile for them and you are set to start building . to make advanced weapons , you need a weapon crafter , which will give you the option to build stone weapons . since we are building stone axes , we will need the following : 1 wood plank 1 sharpened stone make sure you have some in your stockpiles , and once you set a quota you will start to build stone axes . ( if you want your military orcs to actually use them , make sure you have a squad set up to use slashing weapons , if you already do , tell them to rearm from the military menu ) and there you have it , if you have survived up to stone axes , you are on your way to a well oiled machine of a camp . that is until the bees come for you . . .
no . you can receive and use treasure maps as soon as you are able to canvass for guests at the quester 's rest in stornway . if you receive a treasure map ( whether through canvassing or the normal quest in zere rocks ) , you can share it through canvassing as soon as you have beaten that treasure map 's boss .
early in the game , i recommend upgrading krinjh 's sword and/or king 's shortsword ( knife ) . they each have both attack and magic attack which will increase with upgrades . for armor , krinjh 's robe also has defense and magic defense attributes . right after the world turns dark , the lightbringer and flameblade swords are useful because of their elements ( and the mutsonokami because of its high attack value ) . for armor , rolan 's clothes and rikoteh 's clothes have both defense and magic defense attributes , as do the monk robe and paladin armor . overall , the best equipment to upgrade overall will depend on two things : your favorite class ( what attributes will they get the most utility out of , and what weaknesses do they have . ) your best equipment ( wireless play prizes often start at with higher stats than standard items ) protip : when upgrading , if you do not like the gems required to upgrade , you can back out of the upgrade screen and then try again . different gems will be required the next time you enter the screen .
you can play any way you want to and do not have to jungle . however , some champs are so good at jungling , that one usually prefers that to normal laning ( amumu , shaco , skarner and the like ) . you are right , that a jungler means that one other player is left alone against two enemies . however , he has the protection of a turret , which is enough in the early game to survive . plus , he levels almost twice as fast as his two enemies , so he will very soon have his ultimate available against two level 3 or 4 enemies . of course , some champions have a hard time to stay alone in a side-lane . make sure when you have a jungler in your team , that you have a solo-champ that can hold its own without problems . jungling can only theoretically be done by all champions ( sure , anyone can go into the jungle and attack creeps there ) . however , most champions are way too slow to make it worthwhile . they would profit much more from staying in a lane . these champions should not try jungling . if you want to try jungling yourself , then select a champion , for which you have one of these jungling guides at hand . do not just try any random champion out in the jungle . finally , the most important point about jungling is one that most novice players often forget . you do not jungle in order to remain in peace and level up on your own . you jungle , so you can level up and at the right moment appear in a lane for a surprise gank . enemies have to be constantly aware that a jungler may pop out of a nearby brush all of a sudden turning their 1v1 or 2v2 lane into a 2v1 or 3v2 problem . if done right , jungling can very quickly devastate your enemies , because the jungler has the power to turn around any lane . if one of your team 's lanes is having trouble , adding another champion to it will devastate the enemies and at least break their attacks . often , you can even net a kill or two . if you are a good jungler and help out frequently with ganks , then you will soon outlevel your enemies and the game can be pretty much decided in less than 20min . so in summary , do not doubt jungling . it is a very popular and strong strategy . however , be aware that being a good jungler is not easy . especially , when playing together with other novices , who may not know how to deal with a jungler in their own team . i suggest , you try to get at least several dozen games of normal lane-gameplay done , before you try out jungling yourself . and then , start with practice games , so you are certain , that you will survive the early jungle farming . it is most embarassing to die to the golem when no enemy was ever present .
some considerations about ips vs tn competition : ips costs more than tn ips reproduce colors better than tn ips has a wider viewing angle than tn ips has a slower response time ( latency ) than tn monitors ( 5-8 ms vs 2-5 ms ) ips ( at the moment ) does not support a 120 hz refresh rate . therefore if you want to play 3d games ( e . g . using nvidia 3d vision ) on ips monitor you can have 30 fps maximum ( 60/2 ) . these are general assumptions about these two different monitor technologies . then every product has his own story . you can read some good reviews on websites like , for example , digital versus . said this , if you do not plan to watch many movies or to play a lot of fps/action games and you have the budget i suggest you a good ips monitor because their are wonderful to work with ( program , web design , etc . ) . otherwise , go for a good tn monitor .
levelled rewards scale with your character level ( i.e. . , the level you are when you first receive it ) rather than scaling with a skill . the nightingale armor does have 3 levelled variants , so if you are a higher level when you receive it , you will get the stronger version . once you get it , however , it will not change , even as you grow in level . armor in general scales with your light armor skill , but this only increases the armor rating , never the enchantment ( which is where the levelled rewards differ ) .
bots are available in two flavors : beginner and intermediate . this is the only thing that affects the difficulty of the bots in game . bots do not scale vs summoner level , though rewards for beating them do .
the kinect uses a couple of things to determine a person 's location in a room . an rgb camera , which is similar in technology to a standard webcam an infrared laser projector and sensor , which helps it judge depth in 3 dimensions blacklights are primarily ultraviolet , which puts them at the opposite end of the visible light spectrum from the infrared laser sensor . the other sensor is primarily concerned with the visible spectrum , and probably will not respond to ultraviolet light . therefore , i would not think the blacklight would be detectable by either of the kinect 's sensors . when it comes to strobe lights though , you are more likely to have problems . for one , strobe lighting implies that sometimes it is going to be dark , and sometimes it is going to be bright . this is going to confuse the rgb camera , as these types of cameras require post-processing to compensate for light levels . try aiming a webcam at a window , and then closing and opening the shades while it is sunny outside , and you will see how these types of cameras react under changing light conditions . i do not think this type of response would be conducive to gaming , especially since the kinect 's response under normal lighting conditions is kind of picky and finicky at best .
do not do this ! it is bad , bad , bad ! even by adding struts as per @char1es ' answer , your rocket still is not structurally sound . the reason for this , as i have said before in other answers , is that the topology of a ksp rocket is in the form of a tree . this means that only one of the stack decouplers is attached to the bottom quad coupler . the result is that the other three are left " floating " , and have no problem clipping through the other parts of the rocket . no , what you want to be doing is using a single rocket with similar thrust and specific impulse to the combined 4 rockets . for the second stage , i would hazard a guess that the skipper is probably what you want , while for the upper stage you probably want an lv-909 . as an aside , if your rocket can not support its own weight on the launch pad , it is not going to survive launch . if there is significant flex without it even moving , you may have done something evil , and at the very least something immoral . there are usually better approaches than doing stuff that is evil and/or immoral .
obtaining a full pokdex tends to be less about how many types of pokmon are available in each game ( and for the record , x/y now seem to hold the record for most natively available pokmon ) , and more about the legendaries . particularly now that in generation 6 , the gts will allow you to search for pokmon that you have not yet seen . also , keep in mind that there are varying degrees of " full " when it comes to the pokdex , because there are 11 ' known ' event only pokmon held hostage by the whims of gamefreak/nintendo ( gen6 adds 2-3 more to this count ) . emerald before embarking on the adventure , it is recommended to restart a couple of times in order to transfer two of the starters to generation 4 , leaving the third and final one to be transferred with the legendaries and various other pokmon after you complete the adventure . yes , this means you should have unlocked the pal park in a gen 4 game prior to starting . otherwise be prepared to transfer the legendaries and then restart to get the starters . but getting the starters out of the way first means that should you discover your pokdex missing some non-legendary gen3 pokmon , zipping around hoenn to grab them with the game already completed is a breeze . emerald is practically required for the generation 3 legendaries , as you have access to both groudon and kyogre ( although heartgold/soulsilver blunt this requirement a bit ) . pick up the three regi 's , and when your mom asks for confirmation on which she saw ( latias or latios ) , your answer should depend on which generation 2 remake you have ; choose to have latios roam hoenn if you plan to get/have heartgold , latias if you are getting/have soulsilver . diamond/pearl/platinum on the face of it , platinum is probably the superior choice given that it has both dialga and palkia in one game . however , to my knowledge the wii downloadable title " my pokmon ranch " has never received the platinum update outside of japan , so there goes one chance at obtaining an otherwise event-only mew and semi-legendary phione . if you are lucky though , in diamond/pearl they do show you the other version 's legendary , meaning you could theoretically look it up on the gts . finding a non-stupid trade offer this late in the game 's life cycle is problematic , however . otherwise , after you have transferred things from emerald , regigigas becomes available , and regardless of which of the three games you have ; azelf , mesprit , uxie , girantina , heatran , and cresselia are all available . additionally if you have the side game pokemon ranger ( fiore/almia/oblivia ) completing it can net you a manaphy egg by connecting to any of the gen4 games . manaphy can bred with a ditto for a phione egg . heartgold/soulsilver if you did not start this process owning one of these games , and you have already done emerald , which of these two you get may depend on which of the latias/latios pair you have . ( again , if you have latias get soulsilver , if you have latios get heartgold ) in an ideal world you had have two ds systems available , start both your d/p/pt and hg/ss games at the same time and reset one of the games a few times transferring two starters to one game , get the final starter , transfer all the starters to that game and reset the second game a bunch of times , netting you all 6 generation 2 and 4 starters . transferring up to generation 5 and re-starting is also a viable option . as far as legendaries go ; the second generation legendaries ho-oh , lugia , suicune , entei , and raikou are all available at various points in both games . first generation legendaries articuno , zapdos , moltres , and mewtwo should all be available after beating the elite four and exploring the kanto region . black/white/black2/white2 i have little to no experience with b2/w2 , but from what i have seen , some legendaries are considerably easier to obtain ; particularly if you have the 3ds app pokemon dream radar . in any case reshiram and zekrom are the game exclusive legendaries that will require trading ( or use of the gts ) to obtain the other . other legendaries available for this generation ; kyurem , cobalion , terrakion , virizion , tornadus , thundurus , and landorus you should only need one of these four games , with emerald , generation 4 , and the generation 2 remakes , and perhaps a little use of the gts , you should be able to complete the entire national pokdex as of generation 5 with the likely exception of most of the event only distribution legendaries ( mew , celebi , jirachi , deoxys , darkrai , shaymin , arceus , keldeo , meloetta , genesect ) . which prepares us for . . . x and y as mentioned at the begining of this answer , the improved gts simplifies things greatly . any pokemon that exists withing x and y can easily be found on it - and improved filters mean you can show only ' non-special ' pokmon requests , and you can even filter the results by requests that you can actually fill . while this also means you can search for legendaries you need to fill your pokdex , good luck with that one . while some people do post reasonable requests , those are largely a rarity compared to the plethora of impossible to fill ones . like a lvl 1-10 charizard . another option for assisting your pokedex filling is wonder trading . while you have no say in what you get , sometimes you can get rather rare stuff like larvesta or togepi - people often dump their extra pokemon from breeding into wonder trade . as an added bonus , it is a great way to collect id numbers for the daily lottery . xerneas and yveltal are the two game exclusive legendary pokmon this time around , with zygarde being shared . also available late game are the one of the kanto region legendary birds ( which one depends on your starter ) and mewtwo ( although they could have been obtained in the gen2 remakes ) . after transferring from generation 5 with the pokemon bank 3ds app , your pokedex should be complete . also there are reports of likely suspects for distribution-only hoopa , volcanion , and diancie .
equipment gray / white ( not worth to collect ) just sell them on the npc . blue ( in high difficulties is not so worth to collect , better keep farming for rares ) you can create craft-items , but only if you want to craft something . low level blues have a good value in hardcore ah . also blue amulets can be sold on ah if they have great statistics like 160 dex . but in general , the best thing to do is to sell them to an npc . rare / legendary ah is the best way for them , put low prices to sell fast , if you have lots ( remember , only 10 items at a time ) . a good way to farm gold is get quest rewards and farm rare and champions mobs in high difficulties . so , get in inferno and start farming .
in general , i completely ignore whites and grays - typically they are worth less than 10 gold a piece , which is not even worth dragging back to town . do note that some " special " objects such as health potions and gems have white text , which might be confusing if you are completely ignoring that font color categorically . in the very early going , when you have equipment slots that are completely empty , they are worth grabbing just so you are not completely naked . in particular , when you are just starting out , keep an eye out for a targe shield - it is got typically around 50 defense , which outclasses most of the defense you will find on any other item at this stage of the game . in the very early phase of the game , you can occasionally find a white weapon/armor piece that has slightly better dps than your current weapon - i have found white weapons better than blues i had from previous dungeons in the early levels previously . for this reason , sometimes i will grab ( or do a quick check by hovering over it and pressing ctrl , as bwarner notes ) the first white item of a type i find , just to see if it is a class better than my current gear . past about level 5 or so , though , you are better off leaving them where they drop . once you have items that give you beneficial stat boosts beyond the basic defense/dps rating of the item , whites and grays are almost always going to be worthless to you . even if you can get a few extra dps or defense points out of a " higher tier " white , it probably will not offset the utility of the other bonuses on your current gear .
unfortunately not . i have had a good route through the menu 's and it seems that this feature ( along with many others ) is not present in simcity 2013
homeless are created when low-wealth sims do not have any source of income . this does apply only to low wealth sims as medium and high will simply move out and leave the city when they run out of money . due to the random nature of resources being moved around your city ( including the sims ) it is possible that you can get homeless even with out an unemployment rate . certain buildings may just simply not get a return worker to them as they found closer houses to return to of their wealth level . homeless will despawn over time but it can take a significant amount of time and they do not help a city in any manner to keep them around . abandoned buildings will keep them in the city longer . they will also use up slots for visitors to your parks thus reducing their effectiveness . to actively remove homeless from your town you need to keep your city rid of abandoned buildings and provide a bus system . it is the bus that the homeless will take to leave your town . it is honestly better however to try and keep ahead of the curve . if you have unemployed within your city you have to remember that building more places for them to work is not the only solution to that situation . you can rezone some of the residential area for a park or the like reducing the population you have while boosting the overall happiness ( not land value directly if you use the right parks ) of your sims in the area . hope this helps .
" updates to the game are called " seasons " and are issued to current subscribers free of charge . season releases are versioned , with major releases offering broad changes , and minor versions that add simpler features , " quality of life " changes , and bug fixes . " http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_trek_online#seasons_.28free_updates.29
by the look of the comments , on the provided links , they all should work extending the kinect cable . super cheap cable : had to wait until the kids opened the kinect at xmas and was nervous this would not work as the " official " kinect cables are ridiculously overpriced . but this cable with it is extra length i needed to hook this from xbox to kinect worked flawlessely . standard cable : for people people who are wondering , this cable works great with the kinect ! so it is pretty much up to how much you are willing to spend , as they all should work just fine .
the loadstone curse does not work inside a box . ( this is why the game will not let you put a loadstone in a container you are holding ; otherwise , you could just bag it and drop it . ) thus , you can figure out whether there is a loadstone inside by picking up the whole box and seeing how heavy it is . a large box with a loadstone in it has a weight of 850 . a large box with any other kind of gray stone in it has a weight of 360 . figure out your carrying capacity , pick up or drop items until the difference in box weights will be noticeable as a difference in encumbrance status , and pick up the box .
on october 2nd , 2013 blizzard wiped all progress made during the initial hearthstone closed beta . in the announcement post of the then impending wipe , blizzard made it clear that there would be no further card wipes and hero leveling progress would carry forward into the release of the game . if you need more evidence read on . from the aforementioned hearthstone account wipe incoming post : will there be any wipes in the future ? we dont anticipate any further wipes . this goes for both the hearthstone beta and after the games official release . any progress made during the beta after the wipe will be retained through the release of hearthstone , such as new cards you obtain , levels that you gain and ranks you achieve . basically , youll now be able to keep your stuff . if that does not alleviate your concerns the hearthstone faq has further information concerning cards earned during the second phase of the hearthstone beta : will the cards i earn or purchase in the beta test carry over into the live game ? what happens if i purchased beta card packs for real money ? at this point in the closed beta , all purchases will exist in your game going forward . also , as a thank you for testing out the in-game store during hearthstones beta phase , everyone who purchased a card pack or entry into the arena in the beta test will receive a golden legendary card , gelbin mekkatorque . finally , aratil a " blue " ( blizzard community manager ) on the hearthstone forums had this to say about the potential for future hearthstone card wipes : there are currently no plans for another wipe .
if you are within the range of the breath attack , meaning from the dragons mouth to the edge of the cone , you will take the same amount of damage . the only way to take less damage is to not be within the breaths range , meaning you are not being hit and thus take no damage .
i was able to find it . when you play rounds in free play , rival mode and stroke play in local multiplayer , your best round gets posted to rival mode . in rival mode ( which you select from the start menu ) , you can challenge to play against other players rounds [ on your friends list or hit X on the xbox to show other players ] . if you beat your opponents score , you will earn xp . if you do not beat their score , they will earn xp . so to earn the achievement , you will have to post a stroke score in free play , rival mode , or in local multiplayer . then someone will have to challenge you and lose while you are not playing powerstar golf . after they lose , you will earn xp and that achievement when you come back online . i was able to test this with a friend : he scored -12 in rival mode , went offline , and then i played against his -12 score . i ended up losing and he unlocked the achievement when he logged back in .
look for the stables outside of the major cities . you can buy them there . you can see where the stables are in relation to you ( if there are any nearby ) by keeping an eye out for the following horseshoe icon in your hud compass : they also show up with a similar icon on your map : and finally , here 's what the stables look like when you are in visual range : you can also steal horses ( found at stables or in the wild ) , but there is a 50 gold bounty placed on your head each time a guard is made aware of you mounting one . stolen horses also run away when dismounted , while owned horses stay where you leave them .
notorious problem i am afraid . not so much missing software but you will have a version of directx so advanced it is incompatible with early games . some users have had luck running diablo using compatability modes for windows xp or earlier , or even virtual machines/dosbox or equivalent , so you could try those first ?
this blue hallway ( which is not directly at the start ) is another random element of the game . it doesnt bring much except randomness in the game . kind of like when you begin the game again and have a straight corridor to the 2 doors room .
hopping with vertically aligned boats or minecarts .
as you mentioned there is triss in the first chapter . if you follow roche is path there is also ves in chapter 2 . you have to fight in the arena and win all the fights to pursue her . iorveth 's path features a sidequest called " of flickering heart " , where , if you side with the succubus , first dandelion , and then geralt get down with the mystic critter ( and gets you drunk to boot ) . also on iorveth 's path , if you save the elven women from burning alive at the end of chapter 1 , you can find one elf woman just outside of vergen that offers herself as thanks for rescuing her . and there are of course the ladies of negotiable affection in the first two chapters .
the way you are matched with teammates/enemies actually has not really changed at all . it is still based on your rating . however , the name has changed from elo to hidden mmr ( match-making rating ) and it is no longer a visible number . you are always matched with players of a similar mmr . however , since , unlike elo , this rating is not visible , you can not necessarily see that when you check other players on lolking . what is more is your mmr does not necessarily match up exactly with what division/tier you are in , especially if you have been winning or losing a lot lately . example : you get placed into bronze 1 and start winning 80% of your games , but you lose 45promotion series in a row . your hidden mmr is probably close to silver 3 level , but the series requirement is holding you back . you will be matched with silver 3 and 4 players . example 2: you get placed into gold 5 and promptly lose 23 games in a row . your mmr is now closer to silver 3 level , but you can not drop to silver tier unless you go inactive . you will be matched with silver 3 players . i am surprised you are seeing players over a tier away from you , but i suppose they must be huge outliers in terms of mmr . it could be because those players are in a duo queue with players in a much lower division , like gold iii player playing with his bronze i friend for example . either that , or you are playing in ranked 5s or 3s . to conclude : it is not your tier/division that determines who you play with , it is your hidden matchmaking rating ( mmr ) .
you can get back to the server selection screen by clicking the back button on bottom left on the character selection screen . take a look at torstatus .net. it lists all of the current swtor servers and provides graph listings of server population over time . you can see which servers are the busiest and at what times . right now it is best to avoid the high population servers , unless you like queuing up to enter .
besides the minimalist aesthetic , the game is incredibly short , so presumably they expected people to complete most , if not all , of it in a single sitting and thus did not provide a means to " save and quit " . instead , journey auto-saves at the end of each " level " and there is no option to save at will or more frequently . this is similar to other thatgamecompany titles like flow and flower . so you do not have to worry about making sure you quit a specific way : just quit using the playstation xmb .
two points have to be met in order for you to obtain gold stars : you must be playing on expert difficulty ( all instruments if there are multiple players ; if guitar , bass and vocals are on expert , but drums are on hard , you will not get gold stars no matter how well you perform ) . you must achieve a certain number of points ( generally around 1.4x the 5-star score in rb2 ) ; this can require taking an optimal overdrive path through the song , but does not necessarily require getting 100% . for drums , you can find a list of optimal activations here , and tips on improving your score here . for guitar/bass , you can find a list of paths and the scores different score-improving techniques will optimally net you here . for vocals , here are the paths for rb1 , rb2 , and dlc . this site shows you the cutoffs for each star ranking on the instruments and difficulties of your choosing for all games/dlc ; put the instruments on expert to see the gold star cutoff .
there are four disadvantages to going to a state of some confusion/the royal bethlehem hotel : all of the normal storylets there have a chance of damaging your four main qualities ( watchful , etc . ) . most of the opportunities do not damage your four main qualities . there are a few that can , and once you learn which ones they are , you should be able to avoid them . the auto-fire ( red-bordered ) cards are entirely good : all decrease your nightmares , and a few will give you a minor item or quality increase . on exiting the place , you lose 5 change points of each recurring dreams of . . . quality . they are uncommon to pick up in the first place , so it is a pain to lose some of that progress . ( it is about 5 cards ' worth of progress . ) all of your normal opportunities are discarded . they will probably come around again , but it can be a pain if you have been trying to hold onto a card or two . there is very little to gain in a state of some confusion . you can pick up a little walking the fallen cities and perhaps a few relics of one of the cities , but you are going to spend most of your actions simply decreasing your nightmares , at a rate of 1-3 change points per action . this is much slower than drinking laudanum , but at least it is free . on the other hand , if you have any memories of light , then you will go to the mirror-marches ( a . k.a. parabola ) instead . it has most of the same disadvantages as the state of some confusion , with three main differences : there are no ways to damage your four main qualities . there are more ways to gain a little more nightmares ; sometimes through a failed luck check , sometimes through choosing particular storylets . again , you will figure out which ones these are and avoid them . instead of losing 5 change points of every dreams quality , you lose 10 change points of the single quality having recurring dreams : is someone there ? once you hit nightmares 5 , you will see a new opportunity card that you can not discard : the merry gentleman . greeting him will increase your nightmares , and ignoring him has a chance of decreasing your nightmares by one change point . spending fate/nex on the merry gentleman , along with the gift of a diamond , can eliminate your nightmares entirely . the merry gentleman , then , will either clog up your hand , or ( very slowly ! ) increase or decrease your nightmares . at nightmares 6 , you will also see a different set of dreams cards , that increase your nightmares significantly ( about 3 change points ? ) and do not give you any dreams qualities , which also can not be discarded . once you hit nightmares 5 , getting to nightmares 8 will happen much faster if you are not careful . there are not any other disadvantages , so if you can put up with the above troubles , going mad is not a serious problem .
its most likely 50% as i lost with 47% and did not get a crystal and with 54% i did . it would seem logical that they would put it right in the middle but for some reason i thought it be some weird percent and it would take me forever to figure it out . you can also gain crystals if you get defeated but you cause certain amount of damage to the opponent
a post in the gearbox software forums stated that " both zapper and catalyst [ class mods ] are all electrocute damage and do nothing for your shock damage aside from wdt [ wires don ' t talk ] +4/5/6 " . i decided to test this , and lo and behold , the zapper 's class mod description is indeed a big fat phony . aside from the wires do not talk skill bonus , it does not increase your direct hit shock damage at all . to test this , i respec'ed and did not assign my skill points ( to avoid triggering the zapper class mod 's skill points bonuses , especially wires do not talk and just test its non-skill points bonus effects ) . i removed my shield and relics too , and armed myself with a shock avenger . without the wired zapper class mod : with the wired zapper class mod : notice that the direct hit shock damage is exactly the same , i.e. shock damage did not increase . i also tested the dot electrocute damage , and it seems that its damage does increase : without the wired zapper class mod | with the wired zapper class mod based on that , the correct description of the ( level 61 ) zapper class mod should be : electrocute damage +29% chance to electrocute +29% also , if you are looking to increase the total dps of a mechromancer speccing into little big trouble skill tree , i would recommend the chaotic evil necromancer class mod instead of the wired zapper class mod . the chaotic evil necromancer class mod also gives a bonus to wires do not talk while increasing your fire rate and critical hit damage ( actually works ) .
a short unarmed primer for skyrim : perks steel fists - steel fists adds the base armor value of the gauntlets to your attack . smithing , well fitted perks , etc do not affect unarmed damage . armsman - armsman does not affect unarmed damage . dual flurry - dual flurry does not affect dual fisted unarmed attack speed ( power attack or not ) . dual savagery - dual savagery does not affect dual fisted unarmed power attack . equipment with the best set of enchanting + alchemy feedback loop , you are able to make an unarmed enchantment of +14 onto gloves and rings , for a total of +28 unarmed damage . animations unarmed attacks has a finishing animation just like all other weapons . if the enemy is the last one alive and you perform a hit , there is a chance you will perform a neck snapping attack . if you are doing a sneak attack and you kill the target in 1 hit , there is a possibility of doing the animation as well . race khajiits have an inherent +15 bonus to unarmed . this bonus may not apply while wearing gauntlets ( i will need do some more testing to make sure ) .
one jammer will cover the entire map . there is further discussion about the topic in the above link on the payday 2 forums , but the people who have tested it believe that it covers the entire map .
yes , you can play all races in multiplayer . however , there are not all technologies you might find in campaign ( which is terran , with few missions in protoss storyline ) as it would imbalance it .
everything i have read ( nothing official , but plenty of posts elsewhere ) suggests that you should be able to use your saves with a games on demand title . . . saved games are independent of the method used to play them , so just as you could play a game from a disc , later install it to your hard drive , and use the same saves in both places , you can purchase it through games on demand ( installing it to your hard drive ) and use the same save .
i made a spreadsheet that calculates annie 's burst damage . you can download the spreadsheet as an excel file or copy to another google spreadsheet if you have google drive . you will have to use paste special when pasting across spreadsheet . the spreadsheet is pretty self explanatory and easy to update while playing as you go back to buy items . all of the values to plug in are in the two sections enemy stats and your stats at the top of the spreadsheet . you can plug in your opponent 's max hp , mr , as well as your ap and your magic resist reduction stats . the burst damage is highlighted in a box , and there is a further breakdown of the damage below . for example , with the end-game build that domenik provided , against an opponent with 120 mr and 3000 hp you deal 2987.63 burst damage after resistances - their entire life total . wow that hurts . some assumptions : masteries are not taken into account , so if your opponent has bonus damage reduction or you have bonus damage , you will have to judge things by the situation . in all cases overestimate how tough your opponent is if you are looking for a clean kill . this assumes you level r > q > w > e , which is very practical for most annie games albeit not the most damage ( w outscales q , but q is necessary for farming ) . it is possible for you to update the spreadsheet and adjust the skill order if you want to . note i do not consider e at all , because your target should be stunned during your combo and will not be attacking you . this assumes you execute a perfect 4 second dfg-r-q-w-q combo . because q is on a 4 second cooldown , with a little cooldown reduction you can cast it twice before the damage boost from dfg wears off . even if your opponent flashes you should be in range for a second q given some good positioning . this also assumes that you can get 3 ticks of tibber 's passive damage , which is very reasonable . you might lose some damage here if your target flashes away from tibbers . this also assumes that tibbers does not auto attack your opponent , since in practice it is difficult to both combo and direct tibbers unless you are in a 1v1 situation . you can safely estimate auto-attack damage at 100-200 damage for the burst duration at any point in the game . since natural armor gain roughly scales with tibber 's auto damage and tibbers attacks pretty slow you can not expect much more from auto attack damage . i will add tibbers ' auto damage to the spreadsheet if people request it .
the only way that you can get a quick count of how many times you died ( or generations ) is to beat the game . it will give you a " total children " and " total time " . example : total children : xxxx total time : xx:xx
the big disadvantage of sprinting only happens when you do so into unknown space . sprinting into an area , only to uncover one or more " nests " of aliens is a quick way to get your face plastered onto the memorial wall . in most cases , you want to split your move up , just in case your first ' half ' of a move changes the tactical scene . there is one benefit to sprinting , though -- reaction fire takes a -20 penalty to aim against a moving target . it is not a benefit you will see often , but dashing into safety might be the best option if one of your squaddies is surrounded by hostiles , or being suppressed .
maps are not currently in the game . whether or not there will be one in the future is entirely unknown , and not covered by the scope of stack exchange questions , but as for whether or not they exist currently , they do not . if you want to find out about planned updates , i would suggest going to the chucklefish forums , where discussion about starbound is very active and future updates are being discussed right now .
for dungeon siege 2 , my reading leads me to believe this is possible . apparently the disk expansion checks the system registry for the application paths so you will have to open regedit and insert the keys yourself to get this to work as per the instructions on this thread note : be careful about registry edits as they can seriously mess things up . open regedit navigate to hkey_local_machine-> software-> microsoft for 32-bit windows and hkey_local_machine-> software-> wow6432node-> microsoft for 64-bit windows . if there is a microsoft games folder select it or if it does not exist go to edit-> new-> key and name the new folder microsoft games ( with a space between words ) under microsoft games go to edit-> new-> key and name it dungeonsiege2 ( no spaces ) right click in the empty white space to the right with dungeonsiege2 selected and select new-> string value name this new value apppath double click apppath and enter the following as the value c:\\program files\\steam\\steamapps\\common\\dungeon siege 2 or whatever your install path happens to be ***note , the double backslash is not a mistake create another string value called installationdirectory and enter the same value as above
you probably know this already , but those players are attempting to complete the early quest spread the garlic love . there is currently no way to block these types of ' social ' player to player interactions globally , and given the nature of the game i doubt there will be one any time soon . instead , since this is a relatively early quest , you might want to simply avoid areas where new players start , or move to less crowded areas . other than changing your username to " stop kissing me " i doubt there will be a better way to prevent this , so i suppose you should just take this as part of the game 's humor and go along with it . the mood loss is fairly small anyway , and you will not suffer any penalty until your mood drops below the half way point .
there is also the option to choose it as your starting pet if you create a norn ranger . otherwise , it seems that the juvenile wolf is available only through world vs world .
protect/detect are essentially a " blank turn " , but end-of-turn actions still occur . here are several reasons protect/detect may be used : recovering hp if you are holding leftovers ( or similar set-ups like the move ingrain ) . opponent taking damage from a burn or poison . opponent taking damage from a weather condition . if the opponent is confused , there is an extra chance they could hurt themselves in confusion . protecting against two turn attacks like dig or fly . because those moves attack on the second turn you know they are coming and protect will work every time . in double/triple battles , you can avoid damage from teammates using moves such as earthquake or surf . if one or more non-protect moves are used between each use of protect/detect ( for example on alternate turns ) , they are guaranteed to work .
i would advise you to listen to the credits after the game has finished . and also to play the additional memories know as : Assassin's Creed Brotherhood - The Da Vinci Disappearance DLC the message of the alien seems to be intentionally cryptic . in the credits you can understand that desmond 's reality seems to be another simulation as technicians are talking about desmond going to shock . in the dlc : same technicians will clearly states that they acquired the wanted knowledge from desmond who has gone into a coma .
yes changing quests gives you all relevant waypoints up until that point . you usually run into them anyway so it is hard to skip them , even intentionally .
probably not , the logistic pipes mod itself has no method of uncrafting , and the only method i know off is the twilight forest uncrafting table , which requires experience to uncraft and can not be automated . if you find a different automatable way of uncrafting you can use the standard crafting logistic pipes to automate it into your logistic pipes network .
you actually almost had it . you can create bags with animal skin and thread . i believe there is a max of 2 bags which kinda sucks because there is not any where you can store your spare junk other than carrying it around .
that is exactly the situation i was in . yes , you can use fallout 3 savegames ( boxed ) with fallout 3 goty ( steam ) ( if you had any mods installed in your original install , it will tell you " some features of this savegame are no longer available . these features will be disabled . " - my savegames still worked perfectly though ) i had to move the save files to a slightly different location , though . my original saves were stored in c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\ ( the xp-equivalent of that would be C:\Documents and Settings\BlueRaja\My Documents\My Games\Fallout3\Saves\ ) my new saves were stored in ( and thus my old saves had to be moved to ) : c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\blueraja\ i would recommend installing and starting the new copy and , if it does not recognize your old saves , create a new game and save it real quick to let it create the save-directory , then move your save files to the new directory .
place redstone torches on north walls . redstone is quite easy to find deep underground and not required for much else . punch the ground directly beneath you . the break pattern is always the same relative to north . cheaper than torches , inlay the right-hand side of the floor with a dirt block every three squares . build wide main corridors which you can follow back when you find one . grow a tree farm . use the wood to make plenty of signs . design each area with its own character , so you can recognise them . identical corridors are a good way to get lost . place occasional markers , such as sand or wood . dig arrows into the wall pointing toward the nearest familiar spot . you can fill the arrow with dirt for extra visibility . create staircases upward occasionally . at the top , use excess stone to build a hut with a door and an observation tower . use this to travel back to your shelter by aboveground when completely lost . style your observation towers differently to use them as landmarks and build cobblestone roads between them .
yes , you can find keys in lockers around the room you confront him . grab the keys to the office and you can then unlock the vault door . there is a wiki page which has more details on how to escape . http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/escape!
on service pack 3 , there seems to be a lot of problems you apparently can not get around . quoting this topic : http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=1013t=22790#p412298
on pc it is the " change pov " button .
first of all , try stopping the quarry ; if you can do it , it'll be much easier to fix it , since the items will despawn automatically . otherwise , you can try to use mcedit and remove the item entities that are causing the lag .
if you are specifically asking about the ns annihilator you can not because the weapon can lock on to flying and ground vehicles . but the other lock on weaponary that let you lock on to only 1 kind flying/ground those can definitly dumbfire . according to the wiki : the ns annihilator has no dumbfire speed , but the asp-30 grounder does for example
no it does not affect it in any way . minor loot ( money , ammo ) eventually disapears after so much other loot has appeared or if you have left the area , but dying does not downgrade loot , whether you die before or after beating the boss . nothing changes when you die except you lose money and all live enemies have their health reset to max ( in coop , all players in an area have to die for health to reset ) . also note that boss-drop rate for legendary/orange items is like 1% in borderlands 2 . and that is from the boss that drops the item ; it is far lower for all other bosses/chests . unique ( blue rarity + red flavor text ) guns are usually fairly common drops but only drop from a single specific boss . you are probably not getting significantly worse loot than anyone else . also note that dropped items or rarity green any up will stay in an area even after you have left ( for a time ) . it seems the rarer the item the longer it persists , but if you quit the game it is all gone of course . .
darius is really easy to play with , because you do not need to build any ad items to do tons of damage . for the first time you leave base , i would suggest trying out cloth armor and health potion x5 for lane sustain until you hit lv 5 or 6 . then ( if you are solo laning ) ask your jungler to gank so you can back . build order should be ( after first purchase of course ) : boots of speed ( lv 1 boots ) vampiric scepter wriggle 's lantern ( from cloth armor and vamp scepter ) phage mercury treads ( from boots 1 ) hexdrinker heart of gold maw of malmortius ( from hexdrinker ) brutalizer ( either sell it later to get a defensive item , or if you completely wreck shop then build it into youmuu 's ghostblade , but only if your team ( but yourself in particular ) are doing so . ) frozen mallet ( from phage ) randuin 's omen ( from heart of gold ) late game , sell wriggle 's lantern for a bloodthirster late game , sell brutalizer for guardian angel / thornmail / warmog 's armor , or buy a youmuu 's ghostblade skill order : 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 q-w-q-e-q-r-q-w- q -w-r-w-w-e-e-r-e-e runes and masteries : flat attack damage marks - self-explanatory . more damage for last hitting and harass in lane . flat armor seals . again , self-explanatory . helps defend against auto attack damage and minions . however , if you are laning top lane versus an ap bruiser , ( and you are in a draft setting and know this before loading screen ) i suggest you have two pages for top lane bruiser , one with armor and one with magic resist . magic resist per level glyphs . these are for late game to offset some of the magic damage from the enemy ap carry and tank/bruiser/jungler . personal preference for flats or per lvl , but i find the lvl mr runes to be the best for top lane . movement speed quintessences or attack damage quintessences . personal preferences , depending on playstyle . i tend to play extremely passively early game , and prefer more move speed over a bit extra damage , and since its percent-based movespeed , it scales better into late game when you are chasing people down like you have got boots 3 instead of mercury treads . honestly , your masteries will be up to personal preference , as will summoner spells . i personally go with 21/9/0 and ignite + ghost , but again , personal preference . just be smart and do not build down the ap tree and you can not really go wrong . ** a comment on boot choice ** many people suggest getting ninja tabi on darius . i would highly recommend that you do not , and here 's why : ninja tabi : - movement speed 2 - 25 armor - unique passive : reduces damage from non-turret based autoattacks by 10% . woop de doo , 25 armor . movespeed 2 , eh , you get the same from the other boots . unique passive reducing damage by a percentage ? seems nice . . . but think about it this way : you are reducing 10 damage off of a 100 damage auto attack . or 100 damage off of a 1,000 damage crit . now how good does that sound ? not very , huh ? mercury treads : - movement speed 2 - 25 magic resist - unique passive : +35 tenacity ( does not stack with other tenacity items ) magic resist is okay , but the real gem here is that tenacity . tenacity reduces the duration of certain crowd control effects by 35% . tenacity works on : blind , charm , terrify , fear , taunt , pacify , silence , slow , and stun . tenacity does not work on : knockback , knockup , pull , or suppression . generally once the enemy team sees a darius , they will want to disable you in some way to make you less effective for at least a short duration during the game , and merc treads come in handy more times than i could count , whereas ninja tabi i hardly ever get with anyone , because its just not worth it to me since dodge was removed . improving early game in general is easy enough , but hard to pull off thanks to the human factor of the other team . what i would suggest , is whenever you back to buy items , grab a couple wards and health pots . ward the little round wall by baron , next to the tribrush and diagonally down from the river bush by top lane . this way you see if anyone is coming both up from river and out from their jungle , and you can see if they go into yours . once you finish off wriggle 's lantern , you can stop purchasing wards , thanks to its active ability . while in lane pre-9 , i would suggest playing passive and last-hit as much as possible . do not spam your abilities until you hit lv 11 , because quite frankly , your mana pool is terrible early game . if you are a solo lane versus a double lane , last hitting under tower is the safest place to be . let your tower hit the melee minions 3 times and the caster minions twice ( iirc ) before swinging at them . when you go aggressive , lead with your q , your spinning blade , and make sure you hit them in the outer edge of it for extra damage . if they run , pull them back in and activate your w at the same time , and make sure you procc it by auto attacking at least once . in between your abilities , always remember to auto attack ! you need to stack your bleed passive as much as possible to get the full use out of your ultimate when you inevitably use it . a word of caution , however : darius is a detriment to your team overall if all you do is ult every time someone gets low enough . you need to make sure your team gets kills as well , so you are not the only fed player on your team . while your personal build is probably one of the most expensive ones on your team ( besides the adc ) at approximately 14k gold , remember that while you have 5 of your 6 endgame items at 40 minutes , the rest of your team might only have one or two . and its easier to focus one player down ( even if its ' darius ) than it is four . hope this helps you ( and anyone else in your situation ) ! and remember , summoners : when there is a darius on the enemy team , half your health bar is just for show .
hold alt to show the names of all the loot on the screen . from here , you can even click on the names that appear to pick the items up , so you do not have to hunt with your mouse in the general area on the ground to find the loot .
the blue wings represent the portion of your reputation that has come from paragon actions . conversely , the red star represents the portion of your reputation that has come from renegade actions .
by going for an economic advantage , you are on the right path . as you mention in the question however , you are no utilizing that advantage correctly . first , a very basic piece of advice . always build drones unless you have 30 per base . never let your base sit idle , even for a few seconds , unless your minerals and gas are saturated . this alone can send a bronze player to the gold league , and without it there is no point to getting many bases . harassing is generally pointless against a turtle , especially with mutalisks - a player with a single base can just move their army to the mineral line , and harass depends on being faster than the enemy and forcing them to stretch themselves between two or more locations . there is also little point to it - it is done if you are behind and need to catch up economically , or if you are even and want to demolish the opponent . you already have the economic lead and thus , harassing is a waste of your apm . economic advantage lets you , obviously , have more resources . more resources mean more units , earlier . this is further exacerbated by the enemy 's need to use a big part of his income for cannons , if we are talking about a protoss . there is no reason for someone to defeat you with massed void rays if they are turtling - you should either have reached the unit cap far earlier and steamrolled them , or you should have twice as many units as they have void rays , again eliminating their army . especially if you are scouting them - which , since they are on the defense , should be easy to do - you should already know what unit they are massing and what unit to build to counter them . now , newbies have trouble scouting , but in such a situation it is an afterthought - you should have a huge materiel advantage anyway . a good army can break the back of any turtle - a dozen cannons can not even slow a group of units whose population consumption is in the triple digits . your problem , then , is production . for some reason you end up with less units than the enemy despite your income . master larva injections and do not let your queens build up energy - this is hard , but it is another ability that directly translates into better play . make more hatcheries in your base , without them being next to minerals , just for the larvae . never get above 1000 minerals , and if you do , make even more hatcheries ( and try to get better at using up larva and injecting ) . get an overwhelming materiel advantage and crush his base , but do not kill your progress early on by sacrificing units in pushes that inflict no meaningful damage . there is no reason to struggle against an enemy with less resources than you - starcraft is almost always won by the player with more drones . having many hatcheries with a queen each should also help with void rays a little bit - queens are very powerful against air units . try it - kiting on creep should be relatively easy , and mistakes ( which you should not be making ) can be mended with transfuse anyway . having 4 or 5 queens is a given and generally enough to fend off any early void aggression , and they can be mass-produced if needed later on - the hatchery queue is generally empty anyway . boxing your opponent in is the entire battle , really . an enemy who has to resort to turtling is a defeated one , and the entire game is about forcing the other side to limit their drone and base count . someone who does that voluntarily is just a step short of pressing " resign " themselves : )
extreme range , sneak attack criticals , and armor-piercing bullets are your friends versus deathclaws . if you are in possession of ( and a decent shot with ) a scoped hunting rifle or better sniper-type rifle , you can usually pick them off one at a time since they tend not to group up . if you are finding it impossible to get enough damage before they close the distance , you can always augment your plan by throwing down some mines on the path between you and the deathclaw ( make sure you back up some ) . finally , it is handy to be able to quick switch to an automatic rifle to finish the job if the mines fail you . pulling deathclaws one at a time like this is a slow and tedious process , but it works . at the very least , you can always move on and come back later !
in the pc version of the game , you can leave the game on the tree of wisdom screen for a while without feeding the tree and the tree will repeat previous tips , albeit randomly . i would guess this works for the xbox version . previous tips always start off with : here 's some wisdom that bears repeating . . . if you are not concerned with spoiling tips you have not unlocked yet , you can look at the full list of tree of wisdom tips on the plants vs zombies wikia .
the magadjust of this game is just the damage listed that corresponds to the type of spell being cast , i.e. magic for sorceries , dark for hexes , and so forth . you will notice on staves that some of them have equal magic and dark damage and some of them are weighted more heavily toward one than the other . the same is true for chimes . that helps you know if the item is better for sorceries , hexes , miracles , or a combination of 2 or 3 of them . as far as what actually goes into the damage itself , it is a combination of the base damage as mentioned above , your int and/or fai depending on which school you are casting , and of course any reinforcements ( +1 to +10 ) you have done to your staff/chime . additionally , if you infuse faintstone/darkstone/etc to your staff/chime , you can add even more damage to the type of spell that applies to the type of spell you are trying to cast . that means you can make a staff weighted toward sorceries even more toward sorceries or you can more evenly weight it toward sorceries and hexes . as far as wearables go , there are pieces of armor/rings that : increase casting speed give extra attunement slots raise your int and/or fai by 1-5 points give you more castings at the cost of hp i do not know of any items that straight up give you raw spell damage like the oolacile crown did in dark souls 1 , but the +int items definitely make a difference . ultimately , they have made your catalyst operate a lot more like a " normal " weapon in dark souls ii . just look at the damage number for the type of spell you are trying to cast . also , pay attention to how well they scale for a given stat just like you would for any weapon . if there is an s under the int picture on the screen for scaling , it will eventually do more damage than a similar staff with an a for scaling even if it started with less base damage .
it does not say it , but the screenshot folder option only affects the uncompressed copies : in order to change the location where steam saves the compressed screenshots ( which steam can upload to steam community and are saved in the remote folder ) you will either need to install steam elsewhere or use some symlink trickery : 1 . delete or rename the existing default folder make sure that [ remote ] folder does not exist inside your [ userdata/id/760 ] folder . 2 . launch cmd as admin : press win+x there you will find an item option to launch command line with admin privileges and write the following command . mklink /D [Steampath]\userdata\[id]\760\remote "N:\ew\path\to\Screenshots\"  and that is it , now you can see your screenshots inside that folder . this is how to do it in windows ( source ) , for linux , swap mklink /D to ln -s
nevermind i figured out how to fix my own problem , it seemed all i needed to do was reset amazing follower tweaks by talking to my functioning custom follower and going through the settings to reset aft to complete default . kind of acted like a reboot function which thankfully automatically dismissed all followers and allowed me to recruit my custom follower back in !
most likely not . i know sony only allows certain things to be transfered to and from usb drives . profiles on playstations do not roam like on xbox , they cannot be used on more than 2 different consoles currently with ps3 and pretty sure same goes with ps4 . this is just so you have a backup system or if you live in 2 homes and do not want to bring your system everywhere you go . this also limits the effects of gamesharing .
there is no difference in the world generation algorithm between single player and multiplayer . if you use the same seed and same world type in the same version , you will get the same map . the most likely problem is that the multiplayer server was made in a different version . the generation algorithm can change from version to version and is always updated when new biomes are added . if the server was made before december 10th 2013 , it would have been running an older version of minecraft . to generate the multiplayer map , you would need to use the version it was made in .
for skill specific details this is fully covered at the guild wars 2 wiki on the page racial skills . the summary from there says : [ racial skills ] can be equipped on the five last slots of the skill bar , depending on their type . they may have various effects , such as condition removing or changing to a bear form , but they are all projected to be fairly weaker than their counterparts from professions that are specialized in similar skills . each race has 6 skills . racial skills will be available from the beginning of the pve campaign skills in this portion of the bar are earned in a similar fashion as skills on the left . experience and quest completion will unlock them . the first skill is usually granted soon after starting the game and is the top skill in each race from the list below . as of pre-launch , these are the skills . click on each race for full details on the skill and how it can be used : asura utility pain inverter radiation field technobabble elite summon 7-series golem summon d-series golem summon power suit sylvari healing healing seed utility grasping vines seed turret elite summon druid spirit summon fern mastiff take root norn utility call owl call wurm elite become the bear ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the raven ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the snow leopard ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the wolf ( has auxilary sidebar ) charr utility battle roar hidden pistol shrapnel mine elite artillery barrage charrzooka ( has auxilary sidebar ) warband support human healing prayer to dwayna utility prayer to kormir prayer to lyssa elite avatar of melandru ( has auxilary sidebar ) hounds of balthazar reaper of grenth
no . this is just a story being spun by shen to allow for continued conversation and dialog with him . it is not an item you can find in game .
ok , there is a lot here so i will try to be brief : mega man 1: fire &rarr ; bomb &rarr ; guts &rarr ; cut &rarr ; elec &rarr ; ice alternate : guts &rarr ; cut &rarr ; elec &rarr ; ice &rarr ; fire &rarr ; bomb guts man 's stage is sometimes difficult , but his ai is a lot easier on a fresh start , and does less damage . ice slasher is also nice to have in fire man 's stage . mega man 2: metal &rarr ; air &rarr ; crash &rarr ; bubble &rarr ; heat &rarr ; wood &rarr ; flash &rarr ; quick alternate : metal &rarr ; wood &rarr ; air &rarr ; bubble &rarr ; heat &rarr ; crash &rarr ; flash &rarr ; quick weaknesses are wonky , as metal blade works excellently on wood , bubble , flash , quick , and metal ( hahahahahahahahaha ) . i recommend this route as wood man 's stage is easy enough with metal blade , and leaf shield is nice to have for crash man 's stage . item 2 to take on heat man 's stage to get item 1 . i like crash before flash just to make the stage easier . mega man 3: top &rarr ; shadow &rarr ; spark &rarr ; magnet &rarr ; hard &rarr ; snake &rarr ; gemini &rarr ; needle alternate magnet &rarr ; hard &rarr ; top &rarr ; shadow &rarr ; spark &rarr ; snake &rarr ; gemini &rarr ; needle there are actually two weakness loops : the first 5 are one loop while the last 3 are a separate loop . i prefer magnet man earlier because magnet missile and hard knuckle are good weapons against large foes , and top spin is not so necessary early on . but do remember to abuse its knockback cancel ( if you get shot in the air using top spin , you do not get knocked back and can continue your jump ) . mega man 4: pharaoh &rarr ; ring &rarr ; dust &rarr ; skull &rarr ; dive &rarr ; drill &rarr ; toad &rarr ; bright pharaoh man makes a popular opening for an easy stage , access to balloon , and a multi-directional chargeable weapon . toad man and skull man are also very easy ai , and popular openings to start the cycle . the only general notes are ring man is very mean as a start , and drill man 's stage is easier with pharaoh shot or skull barrier . mega man 5: star &rarr ; gravity &rarr ; gyro man &rarr ; crystal man &rarr ; napalm man &rarr ; stone man &rarr ; charge man &rarr ; wave generally an accepted pathway , as star man 's ai is really easy and the barrier is nice for crystal man 's stage . the ai for the first 8 is one of the easiest in the classic games , so there is a lot of variety you can take to this one . mega man 6: plant man &rarr ; tomahawk &rarr ; yamato &rarr ; knight &rarr ; centaur &rarr ; wind &rarr ; flame &rarr ; blizzard alternate flame &rarr ; knight &rarr ; blizzard &rarr ; plant man &rarr ; tomahawk &rarr ; yamato &rarr ; centaur &rarr ; wind the first route is weakness order , while the alternate is divergent . flame man is a fairly easy stage with an easy boss . plant man is easier , but flame man gives you power adaptor . consequently , use it to take out knight man ( whose shield is worthless against it ) and also not have to revisit the stage . knight crusher is excellent against large enemies , including importantly the apes in plant man 's stage . so this route prioritizes a much better arsenal for a later gain of the jet adaptor . mega man 7: cloud man &rarr ; junk &rarr ; freeze &rarr ; burst &rarr ; slash &rarr ; spring &rarr ; shade &rarr ; turbo it should be noted that burst man and slash man are both weak against both freeze cracker and scorch wheel . slash man being the only one with a weakness from the first four means an obvious opening , while cloud man is a very easy stage and boss for a very versatile weapon . mega man 8: tengu &rarr ; clown &rarr ; grenade &rarr ; frost &rarr ; aqua &rarr ; sword &rarr ; search &rarr ; astro there are two separate loops here , unlike with mm7 . the first four is one loop , the second four is a different loop . tengu man has a very basic stage and has a fairly easy pattern . tornado hold is awkward for some people but is an incredible source of damage alongside your mega buster . aqua man is the easiest of the second loop , but astro man is also very easy if you use tornado hold . mega man 9: galaxy &rarr ; jewel &rarr ; plug &rarr ; tornado &rarr ; magma &rarr ; hornet &rarr ; splash &rarr ; concrete alternate - splash &rarr ; concrete &rarr ; galaxy &rarr ; jewel &rarr ; plug &rarr ; tornado &rarr ; magma &rarr ; hornet i sometimes start with hornet first but you need to be quick on your feet to take him on first . it would make splash woman that much easier , though . splash woman gives laser trident , which is enormously useful to have in all of the stages , so it is very valuable to get early . splash woman is also not too difficult , though not nearly as easy as galaxy man is . mega man 10: sheep &rarr ; pump &rarr ; solar &rarr ; chill &rarr ; nitro &rarr ; commando &rarr ; blade &rarr ; strike mega man and bass : cold &rarr ; burner &rarr ; pirate &rarr ; ground &rarr ; tengu &rarr ; magic &rarr ; astro &rarr ; dynamo cold man is one of the easiest , but with a weakness becomes the third easiest in the entire franchise after metal man and wood man ( who each can get 1-hit-ko'd ) . this is a standard weakness-order approach , and also gets remote mine early which is a good weapon . mega man : dr . wily 's revenge elec &rarr ; ice &rarr ; fire &rarr ; cut then flash &rarr ; quick &rarr ; bubble &rarr ; heat mega man : rockman world ii metal &rarr ; air &rarr ; crash &rarr ; wood &rarr ; needle&rarr ; magnet &rarr ; hard &rarr ; top mega man : rockman world v mercury &rarr ; neptune &rarr ; mars &rarr ; venus &rarr ; pluto &rarr ; jupiter &rarr ; saturn &rarr ; uranus the weakness order is actually exceptionally wonky and includes the midfight terra . the order is neptune > mars > venus > jupiter > saturn > mercury > pluto > uranus > terra > neptune . but the actual access does not let you go in this order . in any case , mercury gives the grab buster which is excellent for lasting through some of the dangerous points in stages , as it heals you . mercury is also an easy stage with an easy boss . past that it is primarily following weakness order and substituting the mega arm when you do not have the specific weakness .
its worth trying out poison with elves , the racial bonus - half damage from poisoned enemies - allows you to play a game based more on endurance . poison is also useful when : there arent enough swords on the grid the meatshield special enemy is on the grid , as you can still damage normal skulls . flame or spike special enemys ( as you dont have to touch them much ) that special enemy that requires you to strike 3 in a row below it ( forget the name ! ) - can still be poisonsed and damaged .
no , the game is exactly the same as the original , run through dosbox . still a great game to play though : )
i believe , i have got the answer . the score multiplier go like this . when you upgrade it for the first time , it gives one multiplier . when you upgrade it second time , it gives two multipliers and so on . so 5 upgrades will give 15 multipliers in total .
it is basically a bug or an unfinished piece of code . from this thread you can see that many other people have it and one of the opinions is : this is a bug , an error , in the game . a " miser run " is one in which you avoid collecting coins , but in this case no goal number has been set . " desc " is short for for description . the programer placed this temporary text to remind himself ( or someone else ) to place description text for the miser run . in the original temple run game a miser run was running 500 meters without collecting any coins , so either this was simply a repeat performance it it was actually code that was copied over from the former game , but not completed . if you look in the main current objectives list you will see that it does not show up . i was able to make this objective disappear by starting a run and simply running off the first ledge without jumping . so do not worry about it , it is just there to take some free space . it might be updated in the future with new objectives ( i hope )
i found this here : they reappear in new super mario bros . wii with the same function as in new super mario bros . . but when the player collects them all in a level before they disappear , the audience cheers . they are often arranged in patterns . blue coins also appear in new super mario bros . 2 . edit : i found that collecting all of them normally results in an extra power-up . also , occasionally the trail of blue coins will lead to a hidden ' ? ' block with a 1-up mushroom ! . . . besides the obvious fact that the blue coins are extra coins as well
you need to send in a " combo " of two heros with yellow shirts . for more detail , see agent86 's answer at stackexchange-url
despite the mod being installed client side , somehow the server never received the extra utilities mod , which caused the issue .
the bug that allows you to reroll infinitely occurred again last night , so i rerolled a bunch of times and recorded the results for science ! here were my results over 826 rolls : &lt ; x> or &lt ; y> victories - win two games with specific classes : 450 = 54% beatdown - deal 100 damage : 98 = 12% destroy them all - destroy 40 minions : 79 = 10% 3 victories - win 3 games with any class : 199 = 24% i never once got a 60g or 100g quest , or several of the other 40g quests . therefore , i think it is safe to say they need to be unlocked somehow . the hearthstone wiki used to say you need 50 combined wins to unlock the other quests ( i currently have 24 ) , but that passage was deleted for some reason . [ edit ] upon winning my 27th game ( normal-wins , i have not tried arena yet ) , i am now able to get 60g and 100g quests . so a good guess is that you need 25 wins to unlock the quests . alternatively , a commenter pointed out that it could be related to how many quests i have completed . i did finish a few quests in the interim ( two "&lt ; x> or &lt ; y> victories " quests , and one "3 victories" )
there is only one functional atronach forge , underneath winterhold . i do not recall any reuse of the art assets for the forge elsewhere , but skyrim is a big place , so it is certainly possible that the model is sitting around in another cave that i have forgotten about .
assassins do not work so well on actual meta . playing such character type is challenging and the best case to pick such char is to counterpick . as you write this character type can work on ; top - with focus on sustain which often criples damage output in late game ( not reccommended imho ) mid - with focus on damage if have counter ap skills ( reccommended if char have counter ap skill ) jungle - if such char have skills and big mobility but now we see more often offtanks like alistar or malephite on this " lane " ( reccomended if char is viable ) talon is used as a great counterpick on mid - cutthroat skill - applies silence on target so it is great versus squishy ap carries . good luck . edit : here you can see high elo gamer and his game at mid with talon on youtube and his opinon why talon is great at mid : )
using your example , you could double click or ctrl + click on a stalker to select all of them and then shift + click the left-most stalker listed on the hud six times . this would remove six stalkers from the originally selected ten . whether this is any less cumbersome , you be the judge . instead of doing subtraction to know to click six times , find the fifth stalker , ( number you want + 1 ) and repeatedly shift click that one until there is no fifth stalker . -ilmtitan
this is a good strategy question . when playing the germans/americans i have found that advanced medium tanks quite effective in early phases of a match . you only need a couple of recon . keep them in forests beyond bridges/choke points you control . aa is critical , but keep them a little back from tanks to avoid enemy fire . but not too far , or they can not provide aa cover . i have also found using upgraded foot soldiers very effective in groups of 3 against tanks and heavy machinery , providing they are in fortified locations . they get a big bonus for ambushing and also a defense bonus . that is a good cheap way to hold choke points around towns or roads that go through forests . anti-tanks are limited because they are vulnerable to all sorts of attack . i rarely use them , but that is not to say they are ineffective . they can add punch to a squadron of tanks or infantry you have based in a town . so , use them in fortified locations , ( ie towns , and forests that have roads passing through them ) . advanced medium tanks ( ie upgraded medium tanks ) are almost as effective as heavy tanks but usually cheaper . so my tendancy is to have about 80% medium/20% heavy tanks . so , in summary . use aa but not too close to front line . advanced medium tanks are cheaper and almost as effective as heavy tanks . weight your mix of medium/heavy tanks 80/20 . you only need a few recon but position them for advance warning . ( upgraded ) soldiers are great to hold towns and choke points . finally heavy artillery , can be good depending on the nation you play . upgraded artillery should always have aa cover . i dont find mobile artillery that helpful . about resourcing . you mentioned that you have a cash shortage . my strategy is to get the first couple of the nearby supply depots , and then use a " blitz " ruse to speed up the initial cash flow . then go further abroad to the map edges and get other depots . again use a " blitz " to speed construction and supply truck movement when you have a surplus of ruse cards . if cashflow is good , and the depots are far , create a secondary hq . this is better than using blitz to bring trucks in from far away , and it will save ruse cards . if you have a big attack coming in , and providing it is not a ruse from them , use a " fake assault " ruse elsewhere on the map to draw them off .
there is no use for the 1/35 soldiers in ff7 . but if you purchase the vacation home in costa del sol , the soldiers will be up on display there . oh and if anyone cares , there are 12 in the set . and for more info on items in ff7 http://finalfantasy.wikia.com/wiki/list_of_final_fantasy_vii_items is a great reference .
absolutely . skills illusion synergises well with sneak as invisibility does not gaurantee not being detected . the cc spells are also very useful , allowing you to control situations that would otherwise overwhelm your squishiness . silent casting will be vital , so get it asap . destruction will be tricky without deep magicka reserves until you start to enchant your own stuff to reduce cost . but impact will work beautifully for single target assassinations . with silent casting , i believe you could also use runes for some fun , though on master they will quickly lose effectiveness . i would stick to one element to save perk points ( perhaps shock as a useful rarely-resisted element ) , and do not bother with master level perk . this will be a useful tree against dragons . restoration is moderately useful with the respite perk , allowing you - in conjunction with light armour stamina regen bonus - to spam dual wield power attacks all day long . i would not worry about the perks above adapt . get respite , the magicka regeneration perks , and possibly the " auto heal on zero death " perk that can help out if you are smacked around when dual-wielding . light armour is great , and will give you survivability that most mages do not have . it also takes up far fewer perks than alteration . i would skip conjuration perks completely , unless you wish to use bound weapons as a role play . you may ultimately wish to level it to 90 at some point in order to provide a non-smithing source of daedric weapons ( see smithing below ) , and if so do not rush on it until you need to level other skills up to level in general ( high 30s onwards ) . alteration has few uses in this build . enchanting will be useful , allowing you to supplement your lower magicka with regen and reduce costs . do not bother with -100% cost on any given skill tree , as you will probably only use destruction as a filler against mobs and dragons but if you use it a lot against high level single targets then consider -100% , as the expert level spells are expensive . i would aim for some +magicka regen ( or +magicka - calculate which is more effective given your base magicka ) as that can be used for all your magick trees , and you will be using them all not just 95% destruction like in pure mage . possibly some reduce cost for illusion . all other slots for boosting your melee and resistances . restoration is fine without reduced cost . smithing is great - but you may not feel like role playing it . depends on your target equipment , but you could make do with steel smithing and the enchanted item smithing perks . you can get daedric weapons through the mages guild , so do not feel obliged to perk up smithing . alchemy complements both skill sets well . the beginning do not spread yourself too thin to start off with . i would work on illusion , sneak and one-handed until you can comfortably stay hidden in shadows and get silent casting perk . from there you can start on destruction up to impact , to have a useful fall-back of dual-casting firebolts ( it can interrupt dragons and nasty bosses ) , and get restoration to apprentice level . i would then work on getting illusion to 75 and sneak till 60 for backstab bonuses . by this point you should be able to flit in and out backstabbing and skirmishing , using invisibility as a means of getting back into cover . quests you will not be locked out of any , and can complete thieves guild , db and mages guild . they all work well together . thieves guild and db synergise well , and mages guild unlocks some tasty equipment . from here , you can choose . i would work on your sneaky sneaky and melee skills , as you will already have the main utility from your skill sets . use illusion to ensure you do not get hammered too much , and do not be afraid to go invis and hide . your main advantages over a pure stealth character are your much better flexibility when detected - so use these advantages . hth = ) edit : stats : ymmv but i have had good sucess with balanced melee/mage with 2:1:1 health:stamina:magicka . i leave stamina at 150 ( maybe 200 if going dual wield ) . edit2: added link to find out if +magicka or +magicka regen , as per the paragraph on enchanting . added link for mage 's guild and daedric weapons
source : skill points the only way of improving your skill level is by playing the game in single-player mode . it does not get affected in multiplayer . if you win , your skill level will increase and the computer player will be tougher the next time around . the more times you get knocked down in a fight , the fewer skill points you will earn . the higher your skill level , the larger this penalty is . the maximum number of points you can earn for each fight is 76 . it is possible to win a match yet still lose points .
according to the bugs list for lucky 38 presidential suite on the fallout wikia this is apparently a known bug , unfortunately it seems the only suggested fix requires a certain level of progression in the story line : sometimes , you can lose the option ( or never be given the option at all ) to tell your companions to wait at the lucky 38 upon telling them to leave . it appears that if this bug presents itself , you will never be able to ask a companion to wait there for the rest of the game . ( verified , oct . 31 , 2010 . ) this can be fixed if you kill mr . house and upload yes man into the system .
differences between bikes and karts are generally this : karts can charge a full mini-turbo ( yellow sparks ) if the turn is long enough ; bikes can only charge a half-mini-turbo ( blue sparks ) . on courses with many sharp turns this can result in karts getting a decent amount more speed boosts . bikes can do wheelies and karts can not ; during a wheelie you get a constant speed boost , but you can not turn much at all and hitting a wall or opponent will bring you to an almost complete stop . this means bikes will usually pass karts on straightways ( since the stability weakness and turn prevention are generally not enough of a downside to constantly going faster when you can just un-wheelie at any time ) , which are generally more common than curves you can do a full mini-turbo on . as far as i know all the world-class time trial runs are done on bikes just for this reason . both vehicles can reduce the effect of a pow block by making a trick motion as it hits . in general , every kart has a bike that is very similar in stats , called a " counterpart " by the super mario wiki . so if you want to jump between the two types there will always be something on the other side that acts mostly the same . all karts drift " outwards " . some bikes drift " inwards " . it is hard to explain what this means/understand how this works but you will certainly know when you pick a bike that does it .
i have never gotten anything other than 0 . my guess is that they did not finish adding the code that measured it , and it would have something to do with how much you used and reacted to the randomized spawns ( weapons on floor , held by enemies ) . that sounds difficult to assess fairly , and usually the randomization does not affect your run that much , which , to me , explains why it is not working . i bet they will just remove it and maybe add a different category later in a patch . again , total guesses of mine .
just do not buy the 9 greater mark of hybrid penetration . it may be good , but if you are looking for runes , i would advise you to buy runes which are great for a lot of champions . hybrid pen runes are only good for 2 or 3 champs . magic penetration runes are much better for almost every other carry ap , and are not bad at all on ahri .
yes you can pick dropped items from the enemy faction . here is a resistant player seeing enlightened items source : reddit.com/r/ingress : protip : do not drop your loot at your house if you live near the road .
the effect is mostly that you earn less resources , which means that you can not expand at the same time as the enemy and you can only produce workers at a slower pace unless you accept falling behind in unit numbers . you can recover from an early worker disadvantage by either killing a lot of his units and then expanding and getting a lot of workers while he rebuilds his army ( especially true for zerg ) or by killing enemy workers with drops while you have a similar sized army . if you fail to do either then you will slowly fall behind because you always have less resources and less units than the enemy while the enemy economy is increasing faster than yours , just because he can afford to spend more resources on it instead of on unit production . simplified math : 1 worker gathers 0.7 minerals per second ( according to this teamliquid thread ) . this means a single worker gathers the resources required for 1 marine every 70 seconds . so being one worker behind does not have an effect immedatly , but after those 70 seconds you will be one marine behind unless you skip a worker and instead produce an additional marine , which would put you another worker behind , resulting in being behind a marine every 35 seconds unless you skip another worker . continue until you are dead .
unfortunately , it is currently not possible . it is , however , a known issue . though , i have heard conflicting reports as to whether or not an official fix will ever be rolled out for something as minor as this , given the number of other ranger bugs .
my best advice is to look for something that is a different color . . . or that looks out of place . other than that , you need to tell us which one you need help with .
the " premium collectible pack " comes with the purchase of action figure packs , as shown here . the linked page describes the bonus in the following text : these products contain a code that can be redeemed for bonus content for mass effect 3 multi-player . the pack could include character boosters , weapons , weapon modifications and upgrades to make your multi-player squad stronger . this translates to the " special bonus for dedicated mass effect fans " you referred to in your question . it is misleading to have the word " free " included in any sort of description of this pack as you are required to spend a substantial amount to get the figures and code . referenced product :
the +damage from offhands , rings , and amulets is added prior the to intelligence bonus being multiplied in . many wizards prefer higher attack speed because they cause more hits , and more hits are more opportunities for things that can happen on hit to happen . ( crits , chance to stun on hit ) . eg . this build on reddit uses this trick .
for the majority of the flashpoints in the game , there is no way of knowing whether a warden will appear . according to the saints row wiki : all flashpoints are manned populated by standard zin soldiers . some flashpoints include mandatory warden battles , such as burns hill ( north ) , brickston ( north-east ) , yearwood ( north ) , the grove ( east ) and henry steel mills ( south-west ) . so other than those five , wardens appearance could be random .
she is diana allers . i tried this out ( telling her no ) and after she left i was not able to find her anywhere in the citadel , so it appears that it is not possible to recruit her once you decline her offer ( i doubt i will find her later in the game ) . i would suggest you try to load an earlier save , as having her aboard boosts the other war assets , even though she is only worth 5 ( on the other hand , some of her dialogue is annoying , so it is up to you , it is not game breaking one way or the other )
there is only one character that can raise its maximum stats : wx-78 , the robot . it can eat gears , which upgrades its maximum health , hunger , and sanity with each gear consumed . it can consume a maximum of 15 gears , to get 400 health , 200 hunger , and 300 sanity . ( the bonus is 20 health , ~6.66 hunger , and ~13.33 sanity per gear , rounded up . ) wx-78 needs this pretty badly , because it starts with below-normal stats .
there are four qualities , common ( blue border ) , uncommon ( silver border ) , rare ( gold border ) and n7 ( black border ) . you can see all four of them in this screenshot :
the krogan dmz is directly below the serpent nebula ( which houses the citadel ) .
i should have looked into the " controls"-section of the settings before asking this question ( ty @patrick ) - in the default mapping it is as simple as pressing the middle mouse button , or numlock on keyboard .
spoiler warning : most of them are dead . cycle through the enemy npcs near the location ; one of them will have the missing person 's name , and once you have targeted them they will be checked off your list .
there is a few things at play here . first of all , you need to discover the rune combination for a certain spell to cast it . in-game , you do this by finding scrolls , but you can also discover combinations via experimentation ( or searching the internet ) . for instance , i discovered the rune for fireburst through experimentation before i ever found the scroll . likewise , i experimented and found that the first earth spell just uses a single earth symbol . i imagine ice and wind do the same thing , but have not had the skill to try them yet . however , even if you know the correct rune combination for a spell , you still need to have a high enough skill level in the relevant magic type to cast the spell . that is where the ? ? ? comes in when you are looking at your magic skill levels . once you have successfully entered the correct rune combo for that spell , the ? ? ? on your skill description will change to the name of the spell . regardless of how or when you discover the rune combo for a spell , you can still only cast spells that your skill is high enough to have " unlocked " , and your skill text will not tell you what spell it lets you cast until after you have already cast it . it is a bit frustrating , since i took earth magic hoping it would have some a low level healing spell , as many games seem to tie " healing " to " earth " . instead , i discovered through play that the first earth spells is actually " poison cloud " . so , via in-game means , you will just have to discover it as you go . if you want to be able to plan ahead where to put your magic points so you can get to certain spells sooner ( and for that matter , even know what spells exist ) , you will have to look to an external source such as this one . for reference , here are the available spells : air magic level 4 - spell shock - air level 9 - enchanted shock arrow - air , life , physicality , death level 14 - lightning bolt - air , spirituality level 19 - invisibility - air , balance , death level 22 - shock shield - air , balance earth magic level 3 - poison cloud - earth level 7 - poison bolt - earth , air level 11 - enchanted poison arrow - earth , life , physicality , death level 13 - poison shield - earth , balance fire magic level 2 - fire burst - fire level 7 - enchanted fire arrow - fire , life , physicality , death level 13 - fire ball - fire , physicality , air level 16 - fire shield - fire , balance ice magic level 3 - ice shards - ice , earth level 7 - enchanted ice arrow - ice , life , physicality , death level 13 - frostbolt - ice , air level 19 - frost shield - ice , balance spellcraft level 5 - light - balance , light level 5 - darkness - balance , darkness
there is no functional difference between the two colours . they are just two ends of the same portal and like you said , if you enter one portal , you will come out of the other . as spencer added in a comment , the colours help you know which portal you have fired . that way you can avoid firing the same portal twice and moving it when you might not want to . you can not have two blue portals or two orange portals up at the same time . if a test chamber has a pre-opened portal for you somewhere , you can open a portal of the other colour to take advantage of it .
just tested it . there is a string of flags right above the ammo vendor in southern shelf , very convenient . indeed , physx setting changes the hitboxes of objects - some non-simulated cloth stops bullets , while the same simulated cloth is not in the same place at all , and stops some bullets elsewhere . the answer is : each computer determines bullet collision on its own , then sends the bullet path to other players . that is : you always see your bullets conform to your physx setting , other players see your bullets stop in mid-air / go through seemingly bulletproof flags . science !
there are a few achievements tied to the main quest which have you joining either the stormcloaks or the imperial legion , but these are awarded for picking either path , rather than siding with one group over the other ( as in dragon age : origins , for instance ) . all of these achievements should be attainable in a single playthrough :
i was having problems with this too . from looking at the map i thought that i could travel along the coast to the east of windhelm to get to winterhold , but there is no path for that . you actually have to go west from windhelm then north through a mountain pass . from there you will end up along the coast east of winterhold . there you will start heading west till you get to winterhold . for a better picture you can look at this map from the skyrim wikia . it may be a spoiler if you had rather explore it yourself .
from the unofficial elder scrolls pages ' wiki article on standing stones in skyrim : the apprentice stone on an island in a river just to the west of the line joining morthal and solitude . those under the sign of the apprentice recover magicka faster , but are more susceptible to magicka damage . the atronach stone south of windhelm , in the southernmost part of the hotwater zone , between an axe shaped lake and a ' u ' shaped lake ( closer to this one ) . those under the sign of the atronach absorb a portion of incoming spell damage and have a larger pool of magicka , but recover it more slowly . the lady stone in a lake , on an island directly north of falkreath those under the sign of the lady regenerate health and stamina more quickly . the lord stone east of morthal , up on the mountain . those under the sign of the lord are more resistant to both magicka and physical damage . the lover stone east of markarth those under the sign of the lover always feel a lover 's comfort . ( all skills improve 15% faster . ) the mage stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the mage will learn all magic skills 20% faster . the ritual stone east of whiterun , north of whiterun stormcloak camp once a day , those under the sign of the ritual can reanimate nearby corpses to fight for them . the serpent stone directly east of college of winterhold once a day , those under the sign of the serpent can use a ranged paralyzing poison on opponents . the shadow stone south of riften once a day , those under the sign of the shadow can become invisible for an extended period . the steed stone west of solitude . those under the sign of the steed can carry more and do not suffer a movement penalty from armor . the thief stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the thief will learn all stealth skills 20% faster . the tower stone directly west of college of winterhold those under the sign of the tower have the option to automatically open expert or lower locks . the warrior stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the warrior will learn all combat skills 20% faster .
from what i have been reading up on multiple forums , your assumption is correct as it is related to dps . ttk stands for time to kill - as in how long it takes for you to kill the enemy player/npc .
have you set it up in the warehouse dialog ? i do not think the custom houses automatically start exporting goods ; they just allow you to set up automatic export . see here ( search " custom house " , it is a long guide ) for more information . here 's a short summary : if you have already built a custom house in the colony , you can export goods to europe automatically . goods marked to be exported are printed in green . open the warehouse dialog ( see below ) in order to change export settings .
unfortunately , i do not have anything that could change the seed i was getting for those abductions ( without loading way back ) , so i just sucked it up and lost a couple countries on continents i did not want to . oh well . one thing i have noticed from playing through , however , is that abductions only occur in countries for which there is no satellite coverage , so by planning my deployments a little more strategically ( and getting lucky with the terror mission locations ) , i was able to avoid any more losses - basically , blanket the the three continents with the fewest countries ( south america , north america and africa ) with satellites asap , and from there on out , you will only get abductions in europe and asia , which makes it much easier to manage panic levels , especially if/when the terror missions also happen on those two continents .
a spreadsheet link was placed in an article from uesp wiki giving the values for followers aptitudes , or maximum level in the specific skill of archery : max level 100 jenassa , aela max level 98 lydia , argis , calder , iona , jordis , vilkas max level 97 cicero others 87: faendal 78: derkeethus , annekke , ghorbash 73: erik , vostag , stenvar , mjoll 72: kharjo , ahtar 57: cosnach , golldir , uthgerd , benor , borgakh , ogol 50: athis , ria , torvar 32: roggi , sven 20: j'zargo ? ? : onmund , erandur , brelyna , aranea , illia , eola , marcurio , berland , njada , farkas
http://assets.dreamgear.net/sell-sheets/dgps3-1334.pdf this specifies that it works with the following games : guitar hero games includes guitar hero , guitar hero ii , guitar hero encore : rock the 80s , guitar hero iii : legends of rock , guitar hero : aerosmith and guitar hero : world tour ; rockband games includes rockband and rockband 2 . this list does not include the later guitar hero games or rock band 3/the beatles/green day/lego rock band because of the manufacture date , but it will still work . nothing 's been changed to make an older guitar incompatible with the newer games . the switch is there for when guitar hero games did not play nicely with rock band instruments . the only games that would apply for is : guitar hero 3 , guitar hero : aerosmith , guitar hero 2 , guitar hero : rocks the 80 's , and guitar hero .
i had trouble with importing the dc2 songs into dc3 . although it accepted my code , once it finished downloading the key it just left me hanging with no further instructions , and the songs did not appear . what i discovered my problem to be was that i had entered the code while signed into my son 's account , which was set up so as to not have permission to buy content and which also did not have any microsoft coins associated with it . when i changed those settings and added coins to his account , and then re-entered the code , it finally gave me the option to purchase the import pack after the download completed . ( i did have to re-enter the code -- simply re-downloading the key did not work . ) i authorized the purchase , the songs downloaded smoothly , and they showed up in the game once the download was completed . so apparently when i had initially entered the code , even though it apparently had been accepted , it had not really taken and what had downloaded was not really a functional key . it would have been much more helpful to instead get an error message along the lines of " this is a correct code but the game cannot accept it because your account is not authorized to make purchases . "
score is determined based on how many notes you hit and how well you hit them . rank is determined only by how well you hit them . s ranks also require you do not miss anything ; if you miss but still meet the requirements for an s , you will only get an a . since the number of notes varies by song , that means score and rank can be very different between them . as a degenerate case , consider a one-note song . the maximum score would be 300 points , but if you got that , you had expect an s rank . s rank : 90%+ scored 300 , no misses , no missed small dots , and passed every spinner a rank : 81-89% scored 300 b rank : 71-80% scored 300 c rank : 61-70% scored 300 d rank :  60% scored 300 ( i do not remember if these numbers are rounded up or down . )
your version will actually help against soflam + javelin/guided shell ( assuming they did not fire in that two second window ) . your friend 's will not . however , if you discount that situation , your friend 's way is better because then the chopper is only using the ecm/flares when you have a missile coming your way and thus you can stay in the fray longer ( since not every lock results in a missile being fired and , unless really close/unlucky , should send non soflam projectiles astray ) . your way is safest in terms of staying alive . so , really , you can answer your own question by answering this question : what is most important , staying alive as long as possible , or staying in the midst of battle as long as possible ? edit : with the new patch , i am thinking the best strategy now will be to pop ecm instantly on solid lock , and have the gunner pop flares on any missile locks and never leave the midst of battle . when ecm dies out , the gunner would fire flares if a missile locks on after ecm is gone . by the time the flares are gone , your ecm should be back . hypothetically , you should be able to stay up in the air a damn long time since now javelins and such can miss because of flares . of course , it is now also a lot quicker to lock onto targets with most missile launching vehicles/weapons .
it is not explicitly stated , but the do not starve wiki has tallbird nests listed as non-renewable resources . i take this to mean that they do not spontaneously re-spawn if burned . the list of non-renewable resources that said , if you wish to cause one to spawn you can have the game spawn one for you . in-game hit ` and type : debugspawn ( "tallbirdnest" ) a tallbird nest with an egg will instantly appear in front of you . it will hatch immediately into a tallbird who will start to attack you for being so close to its nest ! to make the console disappear hit control-l .
as of the 1.3.0 update , the snowtrooper now unlocks the scoop of hoth cutscene .
yes , in sector map . change axis and navigate the blinking cursor with the numpad arrows , then click on the cursor . there are mods/scripts that make it even easier to navigate , i do not have the links to them though .
the ability to add friends via the website is a popular feature request ( a quick google search will turn up dozens of threads going back years asking for it ) , but it has never been added . so as of now , you can only do it through the playstation 3 or playstation vita ( oddly , you can not even add friends on the psp ) .
i believe the answer is no , a quick search of google pulls up nothing helpful . this link on modding states that there is no left handed animation for some weapons .
the most efficient way to farm them is to make a farm for them , of course ! but while it is the most efficient way , it is still not very efficient . you could be looking at several minutes between drops . the general setup for a mimic farm is quite simple : find yourself a mountain , or generally a place with natural dirt walls that is not too deep ( else you will get golden mimics with double health ) . dig down and and make a lava pit . make several 3-high tunnels to the left and right of it . set up dart traps aimed at the ground of each tunnel . wire them to a 3 second timer . activate the timer and set up camp in the middle so that the mimics will fall into the lava pit . what happens : when a mimic spawns in one of the tunnels off-screen , a dart trap will give it a poke , which sends it hopping towards you and ultimately , the lava pit . since this is not a novel concept , here 's two designs that i totally stole from other people . design 1 ( source ) design 2 ( source ) of course , there are also the general tips that apply to every grinder setup : hold a water candle while idling . chug battle potions . if other enemies congregate around your location , make another lava pit to get rid of them &mdash ; they will hog the npc spawn slots .
the closest thing to what you are looking for is the teleport ability with the calamity rune , unlocked at level 59: casts a low power wave of force upon arrival [ of your teleport ] , dealing 75% weapon damage as physical to all nearby enemies . and in general , teleport will let you get close to anything pretty quickly .
a windmill produces 0 , 20 , or 40 power depending on the embark location . each gear assembly consumes 5 power , and each tile of axle consumes 1 , so your power transmission already consumes 12 power . a pump needs another 10 , which brings you to 22 requirement . so if your windmill produces 20 power , that is enough for the whole power line , but just a tad too little for the pump . according to the df wiki page on pumps , pumps can be powered from below , but only on the output tile , and that tile must have its floor removed before construction of the pump .
it is one of the riddler 's items : the ratcatcher 's equipment .
not really . . . the only trainers ( in the main series ) you do encounter with shiny pokemon are in trainer tower from fire red and leaf green ( gen 3 ) . in the single battle mode , the seventh trainer has a shiny meowth . in double battle mode , the first trainer pair will have a shiny espeon . in the knockout mode , the fourth trainer will have a shiny seaking . several trainers in pokemon battle e ( also gen 3 ) have pokmon that are shiny . in b2/w2 , you can encounter a shiny wild level 60 haxorus in the middle of the nature preserve . in pokemon conquest ( technically it is gen 5 ) , nobunaga uses a shiny rayquaza in your final battle against him .
enemies spawn by entering from the edges of the map , the rare chance of getting an enemy to spawn from that specific spot on the map seems very slim . so yes i would say its possible you will get an enemy to spawn there . what i would suggest is going into options and selecting , " pause if enemies are spotted " option . although i recently find out if your forager doesnt spot the enemy and dies it still doesnt pause .
no - switching servers will not result in you losing your existing cities . it is possible to create up to 10 regions in simcity , each with multiple cities , across each of the out of game regions that servers are hosted in ( europe west , east , oceania etc ) . each of these game servers are standalone from each other , so the first time you log into each server you will need to do the tutorial and create a new region to play in . games on each server are only available on that server , however if you change to another server and later return to your original server all of your saved regions will still be there . for example , last night i created a save on europe east but then was disconnected and was unable to get back on . when i logged into the oceania server i was able to log in but had to complete the tutorial again , and then create a new region and start from scratch . later on i tried to reconnect to the europe east server and my original game was saved and waiting for my return .
i believe they get to view the entire process of your drawing , including if you trash midway and start over . if you think of it as a recording of your process , then it makes sense that they would see that part .
according to the official hatch facebook account : the golden acorn club is made up by max and he should stop talking about it next update source : https://www.facebook.com/hatchpet/posts/496429483788073
infiltrators : the black widow is easily the best choice for any infiltrator and really the only weapon you will need as having this weapon without any capacity increases or weapon weight decreases and no upgrades will put in the negative for power recharge . using the viper is a second best when it comes to semi-automatic sniper rifles , although it is much lighter than the black widow , allowing for use of a second weapon without a huge effect on your power recharge . i , myself , prefer the m-3 predator or a heavier option , if specced for more weight capacity in fitness , is the m-6 carnifex , which is a sniper/pistol hybrid in my opinion . for beginners , i would suggest going with the mantis sniper rifle and the m-3 predator . making sure your tactical cloak is available at least once every reload is incredibly important for both semi-automatic and bolt action rifles , so packing as light as possible is a great idea . adepts : this class is reliant on your biotics more than your weapons but of course , it does not hurt to have as much as you can carry without hurting your cooldown reduction to give you an advantage , especially for difficulties like silver and gold . i would suggest making sure you spec into more weight capacity in fitness allowing you to carry a couple light weapons without affecting your power recharge . i personally use the m-3 predator with the m-12 locust ( in combination with the ultralight mod on the smg ) . this allows me to have 2 weapons without decreasing my power recharge at all and it stays capped at 200% . so having a weapon on you that does not decrease your power recharge and is good for close to mid range is the perfect choice . you could even try the disciple shotgun as it is the lightest of all the shotguns and is fairly decent . otherwise , for beginners , i would stick with either using just the m-3 predator or the m-4 shuriken . vanguards : the vanguards are heavy biotic players as well , as they have no real use for weapons in a firefight , though , obviously , having a sidearm or two is always useful in situations . playing a vanguard , i found myself constantly switching to use a shotgun , preferably the disciple . i find myself occasionally popping off a round or two into the crowds of flying troops , but really only to finish of the couple of guys who tend to just barely survive my ensuing waves of destruction . having watched many a vanguard play , i have noticed lots of them prefer the use of a pistol , as you can quickly dish out head shots between charges and novas . however , i prefer to not be a in a team with a skilled vanguard while playing an infiltrator , as my targets tend to sprout wings and fly through the air like little ragdolls . for beginners , i would suggest the katana or predator . engineers : the engineers are another class that really only use their weapons as a back up . i found myself constantly behind cover throwing out drones/turrets and a multitude of damaging tech powers in the direction of my foes . on occasion , i would end up with a guy sneaking up behind me , and i would have to throw a tech power , only to notice that another of his friends was next to him and my handy shotgun was ready to expel a shell into his chest . for this class , i would suggest a shotgun as well , though any weapon will do in all honesty , because if you are using it more than your tech powers , then you are probably doing very badly . i would only suggest carrying one weapon though , either a light assault rifle/shotgun or a smg/pistol . never more than one weapon is needed , as your tech skills will do the talking . for beginners , i would suggest the shuriken or predator . soldiers : these guys are great because they can pretty much use any weapon combination and excel with it . i would find something that definitely works for you and stick with it . what i like to use though is the raptor sniper rifle and the falcon assault rifle . the sniper allows me to lay down plenty of fire with its high magazine capacity and low recoil and still do plenty of damage at long range . the falcon gives me a little bit of control when groups of enemies are in front of me . the falcon is more of a grenade launcher on steroids then an assault rifle , as it propels its grenades a long distance and needs very little compensation when aiming above the enemy . not only this , but it does a decent amount of aoe damage to enemies the grenade hits and staggers almost every troop you come across . you can also bounce the grenades off walls to hit enemies behind cover . another great thing about soldiers is your recharge rate on your powers is not life or death or going to change the tide of battle , so having two heavy weapons will not make you better or worse then someone with a heavy and light or two light weapons . for beginners , i would suggest the mantis sniper rifle and the avenger assault rifle . sentinels : these guys are tanks . they have no real purpose other than to take all the hits for everyone , as they have a lot of shield and health and they also have a power that reduces damage taken . for this guy , i used mid- to close-range weapons such as shotguns and assault rifles . the tech armor is permanent as long as you do not use the o-sh*t button of making it explode , but even then , the recharge is not that long . so i would say pull out a heavy hitting shotgun such as the m-11 wraith or the m-22 eviscerator . i would then combine that with a light assault rifle , so you are not bogged down by two extra heavy weapons , such as the phaeston or avenger , as well as adding an ultralight mod in there somewhere . for beginners , i would suggest the m-23 katana and the m-8 avenger . hope this is what you were looking for !
was there any other working pod found on eden prime bunker ? i mean , why was he the only one preserved ? there were thousands of pods on ilos in the the conduit , which was a prothean research centre . quoting the mass effect wiki when the citadel was attacked , the conduit shut down to avoid detection and went into stasis , to be monitored by vigil . since vigil 's power supplies began running low , and the cryo pods were in danger of failing , vigil began cutting power to the pods of non-essential staff to conserve energy . when the reapers finally withdrew through the citadel relay , only the top researchers  a dozen individuals  were left . vigil woke them , and the scientists pieced together what had happened . the surviving prothean scientists knew that rescue was unlikely . instead , they chose to protect the races they had been studying , spared destruction due to their lack of advancement , and began working out where the reapers had come from , and how . after decades of study , they worked out the connection between the reapers , the citadel , and the keepers , and discovered a way to interfere with the signal that compels the keepers to activate the citadel relay . using the conduit , the prothean scientists left ilos , travelled to the citadel and altered this signal . their intention was to prevent the reapers from opening the citadel relay again , and trap them in dark space , but they had no way to be certain their plan had succeeded . the fate of these prothean scientists is unknown . as the conduit portal only links one way and there was no food or water left on the citadel , vigil hypothesized they eventually starved to death . also , there were nearly one million prothean warriors lead by javik , stored in cryogenic lifepods in a bunker facility on eden prime . however , before the facility could be sealed , traitors leaked its existence to the reapers . hundreds of thousands of stasis pods were destroyed in the attack on the facility , killing their occupants . to preserve the few remaining survivors , the facility 's vi , victory , initiated a neutron bombardment to purge reaper forces . the bombardment also severely damaged the facility and rendered the systems responsible for automatically awakening the protheans from stasis inoperable . as javik 's survival was a priority , victory was forced to divert power from the remaining stasis pods to keep javik 's pod working as long as possible in the hope that future civilizations would discover it and revive him .
it is an easter egg , referencing the tv series lost . the page numbers 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , and 42 are also part of the lost reference . basically , you can throw it away if you want to , or keep it in your private collection .
as of the current version of dwarf fortress ( version 31.25 ) , there is no way to do anything with inorganic titan / forgotten beast remains .
to queue for a random dungeon with the lfg tool , you will have to meet the minimum item level requirements for all cataclysm dungeons in that particular mode . if you queue for a specific dungeon , you simply need to meet the average item level requirement for that dungeon . the ' average item level ' ( ilvl ) is a computed number that represents the quality of all of your gear . according to wowpedia : normal dungeons blackrock caverns : 226 throne of the tides : 226 the stonecore : 272 the vortex pinnacle : 272 grim batol : 305 halls of origination : 305 lost city of the tol'vir : 305 heroic dungeons all pre-zandalari heroics require a minimum item level of 329 . heroic rise of zandalari dungeons these heroics require a minimum item level of 346 .
i can not speak to the ios version , but assuming it is similar enough to the flash version : the most important upgrades for getting to space is the launcher height and band elasticity . fully maxing out the e-rocket is worth ( roughly ) 3 points in the above upgrades . ( when both are at 10 ; a simple launch straight up will go all the way into space with no further input required . ) the chute , radar and jet pack upgrades are mostly useful for getting the money required to upgrade the launcher ; but they still require some luck for effective use . the launcher and band is also very helpful in getting the cash for further upgrades , as they will give more altitude and hang-time when upgraded , yielding higher multipliers .
i have come across this issue before when i had the dragon age on disk but wanted to use the expansion on steam . in my case it was not possible and i needed the steam version of dragon age in order to use the expansion . steam has been putting notes in the details of the game to make things more clear about it . you can see a notice in steam under the game media that states the following : " notice : vietnam requires the base game battlefield : bad company 2 on steam to play " you can view this link to the steam page for the battlefield expansion to see the notice . http://store.steampowered.com/app/47880/?snr=1_4_4__13 short answer : unfortunately you can not use the steam expansion with that disk .
you get $5 for each entrance correctly resolved . there are some other bribes that appear in the game , people asking for letting them through , it is probably worth $5 extra which means that if you can afford to have a warning you get a profit of one extra person . i never took them so i do not know what are the consequences . you get $200 extra for letting the soldier 's girlfriend through , you get some extra cash if you manage to adopt your niece ( something like $150 -> $200 ) and another $200 , if you properly help the ezic order . the $1000 gift from the order gets you in trouble so either burn it or be ready to have all your money confiscated . if the latter happens , you can sort it out by letting the right ezic agent through but the they will not return the money for you . i just finished a game where i escaped on the 22nd , with my wife and my son and living in a class 7 apartment . the flats are offered for you throughout the game , not sure if at specific dates . you can manage moving to another apartment and paying for bills and what not if you can get about 12~14 entrances sorted out per day . hope this helped and good luck !
after finally becoming a mad scientist i promptly quit , and i was still able to perform experiments on my unsuspecting household items .
it will totally replace your current system with the version from the backup archive , except for the trophies that are not stored in the backup ( the only way to backup them is to create a psn account and to synchronize them with the server ) .
make the mom turn so listen is facing the father and abandon is facing the child make the father turn so admire is facing the mother , protect is facing the child make the child turn so love is facing the mother and father . source is ign
i tested it out , and it seems the " sweetness " stat is purely cosmetic , relating to the racer 's personality , hence why taffyta has a very low sweetness .
the annihilus charm is a unique charm , so no , you can not fill your inventory with those , since you can only carry one of each at any time . other than that , for the other charms there is no limit other than your inventory capacity . that is why charms are considered very valuable items : in a limited space they give you powerful bonuses . some links with confirmations of the stacking properties : diablowiki a gamespot forum discussion an incgamers forum discussion regarding the limits , you get a cap only for skills that have a cap ( for example elemental resistances are maxed out at 100% ) ; others , such as magic find , have no cap , so you can hoard as many mf charms you can , but they have diminishing returns ; others instead , as the +skill ones , have no cap at all , so for those the sky 's the limit ! ( or , more realistically , you backpack )
i think that is what you are looking for .
the only way to find an invaded player or an invader is to use the miracle : unveil if you are the invader , unveil will work to help you find the invaded player . be wary that unveil will often point you to a random enemy and not necessarily to a human player . unfortunately , there is no other ( easy ) way to find your enemies .
weapon mods are a permanent item . some only work with certain weapons/types of weapons , which may make it seem like they disappeared , but they cannot be expended by any means and are yours unless you decide to delete/get rid of them . hope this helps !
certain onyx medals can be earned more than once . i play arcade campaign a lot and i have earned the medal for getting 7.5 million points 5 times and i am over half way to earning the onyx medal again for killing 1100 humans in beast mode . but i have not been getting any extra for building fortifications in horde mode .
yes , enemies have scaled with level since mass effect 1 and mass effect 3 appears to be no exception from my experience . since an imported level 30 character experiences a normal difficulty in the start of the game rather than being totally overpowered i think it is quite apparent that difficulty does scale with level . if enemies did not scale with level , imported characters would be totally broken so it is easy to see why they kept the scaling difficulty .
there are several measures you can take against a fed fizz : ranged poke him focus cc on him during team fights get ga/banshee dodge his ult get magic resist
lamya is a shadow dragon . it is expected to be the final boss . source
below radar works at altitudes of 20 meters or less above the ground directly under you ( so 20 meters above a mountain will still work . it works by not allowing anyone to lock onto you , and any locks currently in progress will be broken . it does not work to stop missiles that are already in the air , and the lock will not break for about . 5 seconds after you go below radar , so if someone is almost locked on , there is a chance they might still be able to fire a missile or two . it is very easy to tell when you are below radar in a helicopter , as the altimeter on the right hand side of the screen will be red when you are at 20 or below . in a jet however , there is no indication , so the best way for you to learn is to fly helicopters until you are comfortable enough with knowing instinctively how low 20 meters is . before the latest patch , it would not work on surface-air missiles , but as of the latest patch it works on everything ( in fact it is a little bit op sometimes ) .
the obelisks that appear on the coasts indicate where you can land a ship . the obelisks on land appear where one towns territory ends and the next towns territory begins . the color of the obelisk corresponds to the color of the player that currently controls the town ( with gray representing a neutral town ) .
according to the pet guide here , the devourers are ranged pets .
tl:dr yes it is possible , but they have different town hall level requirements and costs , so you have to have a high level village with substantial resources to purchase both . barbarian king - available at town hall level 7 , and costs 10k dark elixir . this means you can potentially purchase him without spending money if you build and completely fill the dark elixir storage which is also first available to you at th level 7 . note that you can do this by spending gems , or by raiding - but you do not get a dark elixir " mine " till th level 8 . ( it is painfully slow , so do not hold your breath waiting for it ) . archer queen - available at town hall level 9 , and costs 40k dark elixir . this is substantially more than what your early dark elixir storage can hold , so effectively you will have a hard time getting her early on without spending gems . if you are very patient , or a very successful end game raider , then you may eventually get her without spending money .
that would be megan reed , adam jensen 's girlfriend .
raptors hide in bushes . bushes usually come in pairs . when you are close to the bush they are hiding in , raptors start jumping at you and then running fast and straight to the bush they were not hiding in in the first place . they will hide in this bush . the process might repeat . you can notice a raptor : only jumps when it first jumps out of the bush it was hiding in , will then run to the next bush , without jumping ( yet still deadly if touched ) , so that it can be avoided by a simple jump . i have finished this game . if i can remember correctly , the trick is either : to anticipate and jump over him ; your jump should begin before the attack , to run back ( to avoid the jump of the raptor ) and back again ( while the raptor is running straight ) so that you jump above it , to be killed , to respawn , and finally to use the fact the raptor will be in the other bush , which may be easier to deal with .
there is really nothing more to it than practice unfortunately . i have been playing pc shooters since the original doom and thought i would never get into console shooters , but after playing a bit of cod4 , i started getting into it and after a year or so of playing , i felt as in control playing with a controller as i did with the keyboard / mouse combo . one thing though , you will never be as accurate using a controller , it is just impossible . whereas using a keyboard and mouse in a shooter could be described as " point and click " , with a controller , i have found that it is more like sweeping towards the target and picking the right moment to press fire in that sweep . it sounds kinda strange , but it can be 90% as effective as keyboard / mouse control once you get used to it .
it is hard to see in your pictures but it looks like either un-rendered surface faces or the lighting bug . in both cases this is just the state of minecraft at this current time . the issues have been lingering and annoying . if the surface blocks are not rendering but you can see below them and the render when you step on them , you can mitigate this by turning off advanced opengl . this will not remove the issue but it did help me significantly with my game and a few other people . if it is that the blocks are just not lit then walk into them , update the chunk some how ( place a torch ) and it will update the lighting calculations . this is an acknowledged mojang issue that they are looking at solving with out killing world generation performance . another thing to consider are the mods you are running . . wallhack probably alters the rendering a bit ; )
there are very few boe trinkets , so not much can be auctioned away . darkmoon card : maelstrom is the prime target , usable at level 60 and may last you a while . it can be acquired for quite cheaply if you are in luck as well . sonic booster is awesome if you are an engineer , but is limited by that . the final option , mercurial stone is a prime option from level 65 and on . you can use two of them as they are not unique , and hit rating is a great dps boost as you level if you are fighting enemies the same or higher level than you . after those , there are darkmoon cards available at level 70 ( some of them are a definite upgrade ) and a fair few more at level 80 . overall i would just use the heirlooms to be honest .
both comments are right . the turret only attacks you if the enemy champion you damage is in range of the turret . source : http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/turret#attack_prioritization
you want the entitypolice bukkit plugin : /entitypolice count cow &gt; 649 
it is probably not going to be exact , but i found this : the colors are in hexadecimal code , the leading ff byte representing opacity . since the colors in game are varied , these were derived from images of the wool texture and averaged over an 11-pixel area in photoshop .
going on the data available to me via the wiki . . . it is more efficient in terms of overall resources spent to level up your farms at the same rate . the level 1 farm costs 20 of each resource for an increase of 1 ( in terms of food production - it is producing 2 food , but that is only 1 improved over the previous level ) . the level 2 farm likewise costs 36 of each resource , and increases the yield by 2 . so you can either spend 20 + 36 == 56 for a level 2 farm for a grand total of 3 increased food per hour , our you can spend 20 + 20 == 40 for two level 1 farms and 2 increased food per hour . 56 / 3 = 18.67 resources / food vs . 40 / 2 = 20 resources / food . at this point , diminishing returns have yet to set in -- it is worth it to get all of your buildings up to level 2 asap , as they provide a better return on your investment . however , if we carry on the math-- a level 3 farm costs 20 + 36 + 64 = 120 resources , the same as upgrading 6 farms to level 1 . level 3 farm = +6 increased food / hour 6 level 1 farms = +6 increased food / hour . at this point , you get the exact same return no matter how you spend your resources . but if we carry the math one step further . . . level 4 farm = 120+112 == 212 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 19.27 resources / food if we spend those same 212 resources on 3 level 2 farms , and 2 level 1 farms , we get 208 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 18.91 resources / food it is slight , but by this point , you have gained the same bonus for slightly less resources than if you had focused on leveling a single building . keep all your buildings as near in level as you are able for the best efficiency .
there is no way to remap keyboard keys to the equivalent controller buttons needed to activate the ro-bro cheat code . however , the 2014-02-28 update now allows keyboard players to enable ro-bro mode . related changelog : added an option in the settings menu so that mouse and keyboard players have a way to enable ro-bro mode .
nope ! enemies only care about your footsteps , and how visible you are ( which your pipboy 's light affects ) . just think of the lone wanderer as having pip-boy earbuds !
there is no built-in method to do that , since as of 5.0.4 blizzard ui code just checks if achievement is complete ( which now means " complete on any character account-wide" ) and does not even bothers with checking and drawing requirements after that . however , the data and functions to retrieve objectives and counts are intact and return information relevant to current character , so this can be either fixed in ui by blizzard later or implemented in an addon . either do it yourself or ask at some popular wow ui programming forum in " addon ideas " section .
fight early , fight often . focus on map awareness . building big armies requires big resources that have to come from somewhere . harass your opponent as he tries to expand , forcing the smaller skirmishes . limiting resources is the best way to force combat with less troops .
you can trade 20 of them to jacob , he is in the bar in wellspring , for a defib upgrade ( which means you can die one more time before a game over ) there is virtually unlimited feltrite in the game so selling a few does not matter . driving around the wasteland will occasionally activate missions automatically . one of the missions requires you to collect 7 falling feltrites , afterwhich you keep all 7 . i just recently came across another one where it was " collect as many as you can in the time given " - i got a whopping 15 . note that the feltrite shower events ( feltrite tempests/storms ) are not unlimited , but scripted . there are 3 . the first two will allow you to get up to 7 each . the third one will allow you to gain up to 20 . as far as any other use outside that one upgrade , i do not know of any .
riot games have put a special effort into having balanced champions for this game style as well . i do not believe there are any champions to avoid . however , the team composition changes a bit . ap carry you will still need one , or else the other team will just build against ad and will own you as soon as they are a bit stuffed . tank / off tank king in solo holding the bot lane , also very good in " tower diving " ( if we can still call it so in dominion ) . melee fighters they tend to be the heroes everyone picks as they are sort of kings on this map . they deal quite some damage and have high sustainability ( so they do not need to back often ) , and are often very good in 1v1 ( which happens pretty often in dominion ) . ranged ad carry more than one is too much , but not having one ( to have more fighters ) is a handicap . he deals crazy damage and can attack out of tower range or defend minion waves without exposing himself in front of the tower . from the games i have played or seen , having only melee champs is clearly a handicap . support i rarely see them in dominion and believe they are overlooked . each time i have had one on my team , it was awesome to hold the windmill ( we never had to back , support would always buff/heal us ) . however , having a support requires good team play , because the champion will not do anything on its own ( compared to fighters ) . general as xp gain is so fast in dominion , teams are usually built with mid/late game champions . riot tried to correct this in a previous patch by lowering the xp gain aura on the map , however , you still get to level 6 tremendously fast , so do not hesitate in taking weak early game champs ( like kassadin , useless before level 6 ) . try having a hero or 2 ( at least ) with high mobility ( rammus , kassadin , nocturne , twisted fate , etc . ) to do lane swaps and be unpredictable in your tower attacks . conclusion all heroes are viable . it all depends on the team composition . good akali , irelia and xin zhao champions can however be freaking awesome with their ganking abilities and life steal .
yes . if you are skulled and in the wilderness , you lose everything . if you are just skulled , but not in the wilderness , you drop everything in a gravestone , which you then have a limited amount of time to return to in order to retrieve your items . you can see what you could lose and keep when you die by bringing up the items kept on death screen from the equipment page . this will show you the items that you automatically keep ( some quest items and low level items ) , as well as the group of items where you will be able to choose three items to keep . again , any items dropped are stored in a gravestone for a limited amount of time . you can then click on the what if i entered the wilderness button to see what would happen if you died in the wilderness . note that both of these screens assume you are not skulled .
wrong , 3 silver stars for sustaining damage and 3 silver stars for mission time equals 3 gold stars and that is the maximum amount of merit per mission . you need 6 gold stars to get promoted . you need all 120 silver stars which equal 60 gold stars to get the maximum rank of field marshall . you need 30 gold stars to access the secret mission ( that is the 20th mission , though in some versions of the game there is no merit requirement ) . in my opinion , the time limit for 3 silver stars is more than fair . however , you can basically abuse the system for merit by retrying missions , from end screen , so field marshall is probably attainable by retrying the first mission over and over . seeing as how it can be done in one minute ( you do not need the driver ) you can realistically get to the rank of field marshall in less than half an hour . . .
the electronics skill is a passive skill that is only ' usable ' by shepherd when dealing with locks and the such . for the rest of your team-mates , it is just useful in unlocking other skills and passive combat abilities once it gets to certain levels . edit as @memor-x mentions it is also possible that these passive stats are calculated on an average party wide basis . so even if you upgrade the skill just for one character , it is possible that you can open locks and perform hacks above shepherd 's skill level
experience gain from items on a pet do not stack or affect your character in any way . bonuses from items and the adventurer skill stack in this way : if you have +10% from the adventurer skill , +2% from a ring , and +5% from a necklace , your experience gain will be 10+2+5=17% .
$200k is actually the cheapest apartment with a 10 car garage . if you are looking for just the garage , there are a couple of cheaper 10 car carages available . courtesy or reddit user pvt13krebs , there is a list that lists all the garages : link : list of gta apartments and garages .
you can use " mp_halftime 1" to make the server switch the teams when 1/2 of " mp_maxrounds " has been played .
to understand why , we need to examine what would happen if healers did not gain exp from casting spells by looking at the original disgaea . in the first game , this was not the case , which led to healers being a total pain to level up because you had to specially weaken an enemy and then have the healer kill it , or rely on the team attack system . this meant healers tended to lag behind in level significantly and required more work to be worthwhile . ( healers were also under-powered compared to flonne and angels which made the issue even worse ) in later games in the series , including disgaea 2 , healers gain exp from healing to make them less awkward and annoying to level up . there is not some in-universe justification offered or anything like that , its just a mechanic designed to prevent the process of leveling one from being frustrating
you get a lot more points when you make progress towards objectives . this includes ( but is not limited to ) clearing jelly , diffusing bombs , and bringing ingredients to the bottom . those objectives garner even more points when they are triggered via a chain reaction ; the more chains , the more the points are multiplied .
here 's a quick test implementation of using a trapped chest as a large button , as @ ratchet freak suggested . trapped chests emit a weak redstone signal as long as they are open , stronger the more players have them open . i was not thinking hard enough about how to use it , so this just stops the cart as long as the chest is open , and so is kind of useless  but you can easily change it to send the cart onto a siding for the station . key points : the incoming track needs to be straight for some distance before , so that you can easily position your cursor to hit the cart . you probably also want to have the chest a little bit earlier along the track . there must be exactly 1 redstone dust between the chest and torch . the signal is too weak to travel farther , and a block beside the chest will not work at all . do not know about using a redstone repeater .
no it is already finished downloading everything . this is from their website : this process removes unnecessary files and consolidates data where possible . the process requires 2-3 gb of available hard drive space but your game folder will be smaller once it is complete . optimization obviously it does not always require that much space/consolidate that much some patches do not optimize anything .
you have to buy another recipe to upgrade the corresponding item . just go up the item hierarchy , shift-click , and the recipe ( or anything that you need to finish the item ) will appear in the quick buy slot . to see how many levels of upgrades an item has , just keep going up . alternatively , you can search the item 's name and all its different levels will be listed as search results .
i suspect your premise about gaining more points for winning than losing is slightly off . generally speaking , once your point level stabilizes due to finding your actual skill level , your points will remain the same relative to others playing the game if you do not get any better/worse . however , the total number of points everyone has will trend upward due to the bonus pool . this does mean it rewards playing more often , but only to a certain extent in a certain time period ( a few games per week , i suspect ) . once you have exhausted your bonus pool , your ranking points will again more-or-less stabilize based on your skill . one of the reasons this was done was to encourage people to actually play the game . since everyone 's points are constantly going up , you have to play to keep up with your peers . if this artificial inflation of points due to the bonus pool was not in place , the player at the very top would - in theory - not have much reason to play ; he is the best and his points will stay the highest until someone usurps him . this way , he has to keep playing to maintain his status . as with any fair matchmaking system , the more people playing , the better , and i think blizzard is trying to encourage more people to play . however , none of this is cut and dry so there is no one reason for any of these decisions ; likewise it is not at all obvious whether this system is superior to the traditional ranking system you mention . that said , here are some good articles on the subject : http://www.sirlin.net/blog/2010/7/24/analyzing-starcraft-2s-ranking-system.html http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=118212 note also that the points you see displayed and used for your ranking may be separate from the underlying statistic used for matching you up against other players . the two stats should converge on relatively the same thing , but the bonus pool adds the extra incentive to play more often .
to teleport your crew members back : make sure your teleporter is active ( after using it to teleport crew members over , it will take a while for it to reset and be usable again ) . make sure the crew members you are trying to teleport are standing in a room , not entering or leaving it . ( if they are busy fighting someone that is fine ) . click on the bottom of the two teleportation icons . click on the room in the enemy ship which holds your crew members .
some mods or software that you could use to increase performance : ctd and memory patch enboost have you tired from ctds when your game is heavily modded ? unable to install hd texture packs without ctds or travel in the world very fast ? this patch fixes the problem and also brings you higher performance even without memory fixes enabled . this is not a graphic modification , so feel free to use with vanilla game . this will not degrade quality in any way to increase performance . unofficial skyrim patch - a comprehensive bugfixing mod ; also contains a " savegame debloatifier " feature that may help improve performance skyrim performance plus - installing it will give little ( unnoticeable ) graphics degradation , while certain cpu-intensive effects ( falling rain , snow , leaves , etc . ) are underway injectsmaa - like fxaa , but looks and performs better ( disable fxaa if using this ; if using enbseries , use the ' proxylibrary ' . ini setting to also use injectsmaa with enbseries ) skyrim project optimization [ uses ] a feature called occlusion culling , where [ it ] manually puts occlusion planes in some spots of the interiors to improve performance . what these occlusion planes do is unrender parts of the cell/objects/npcs that are not being seen by the player , in most cases behind a wall or above/below floors ( occluded ) . if less things are being draw on-screen at the same time , it means your hardware is using less processing power to achieve the same thing , and it automatically converts in better performance . these mods will increase performance , depending on a computer 's specs , but will degrade graphics or turn off visual effects : colorful lights - no shadows - more fps if your computer spec lurks somewhere near or below the edge of the recommended minimum system requirements you have probably noticed that the option to disable shadows is not offered in the launcher , and consequently may have noticed that the low quality shadow settings look like garbage . if you scratched a little deeper you probably tried disabling shadows by changing the commonly recommended ini values and were disappointed to find everything had turned dark and colorless . the vanilla shadow options amount to menu choices between a garbled blocky flickering striped mess and a beautiful slide show , or editing the ini to induce a global dungeon vibe . this mod offers a alternative that i think strikes a nice balance between eye candy and system performance by removing most of the system-hog shadows . everything will still be shaded to create the static , nice-looking shadows and colorful lights that utilize relatively little system resources . the shadows that are removed by this are the dynamically-rendered flickering shadows , commonly found near flames . bethesda hd textures redux this is a cut down version of bethesda hd texture pack for skyrim . it aims at improving skyrim visuals while , at the same time , allowing pc users with old systems to benefit from higher resolution textures . interior and dungeon fog remover removes fog in dungeons and indoor locations ; use this if getting low performance in these areas . replaces most default " fog " meshes with blank ones . several people have commented saying they are getting better performance in specific areas , so if you notice unusual performance drops in the presence of fog , this might help you . hialgoboost fps performance accelerator hialgoboost dynamically modifies internal rendering resolution in order to increase frame rate , and utilizes various additional approaches to make the game more responsive and smoothly controllable . it does not affect game contents . ( shamelessly copied from my answer in another question here . )
sharks can be found in most open water areas in far cry 3 . look for the shark symbol on the map , you should see several .
to complete the group dungeons that do not belong to your own faction , you will first have to talk to the undaunted and become one of them ( this is optional , if you have got someone else " opening " the dungeons for you ) . talking to them will reveal the dungeon locations ( read : map pins ) for your current zone/tier . complete the group dungeon belonging to your current zone ( i.e. . your own faction ) first . for example , if you start in the daggerfall covenant , the first group dungeon to be completed would be spindleclutch . once completed , the other two group dungeons of that tier will be open to you . once visible on your map and unlocked , you can just click the group dungeon icon to travel there ( it is essentially a wayshrine ) . note that each and every faction got their own instances of those dungeons , i.e. you can not group with someone from another alliance to run these dungeons . the story and content are identical though .
that same topic is covered on civfanatics here . the conclusions they came to are : this happens when a city state conquers a city from a major civ . they automatically get their resource placed under that city , but they immediately raze the city , leaving the resource behind . there is no improvement that you can build to access the resource ( citadel will not work ) . however , if you were to build a city directly on top of the resource , you would then get it . it is likely this will be patched at some point so that the resource does not automatically appear under the city when it is conquered .
in fact you cannot : its a feature implemented in the dreamworld game engine all the funcom mmos are built upon . having worked myself at funcom on age of conan , i can tell you that playing the game in windowed mode and reducing it ( not switching to an other program , but reducing it in the task bar ) was working at that time ( maybe they have " corrected " that kind of bug since ? ) . but i doubt it ever worked on the secret world , since the secret world always had the new features and bugs fixed .
here 's a very handy diagram for how the crew skills relate to each other .
the sydney opera house wonder can only be built in a coastal city , although this is not mentioned in its description .
did you know that you can press shift to queue commands ? you can select all your units and right click the medivacs holding shift , this will make them load into the first and move on to the second one when that one is full without you having to issue more commands manually .
the star trek online wiki has a wonderful description of each damage type , i have copy and pasted them below ( in case the website goes boom ) . phaser damage is displayed as an orange colored beam . it is a directed energy primarily used by the federation for both ground and space weaponry , although in-game any race or faction can use phaser energy weapons . the term " phaser " is an acronym for phased energy rectification . player-acquired starships for the federation by default come with phaser energy weapons . shields and armor with the [ pha ] suffix modifier take 20% less phaser damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : disable 1 subsystem for 5 seconds ( space ) / 5% chance : +2 hold disruptors are a type of directed energy used in weapons , and are green or dark green in color . they are used by races such as the romulans , klingons , gorn and orions . there are multiple types of disruptor energy ranging from type 1 to type 3 , although in-game there does not appear to be any difference between disruptor energy weapons . disruptors cause damage to the target by breaking the bonds of atoms . shields and armor with the [ dis ] suffix modifier take 20% less disruptor damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) : 10% damage resistance debuff plasma energy beams are emerald in color . plasma projectiles are typically seen in use by romulan , cardassian and borg vessels and weapons platforms . high-yield plasma projectiles are extremely powerful . focused beam plasma energy is not directly used by any one race or faction in the game . shields and armor with the [ pla ] suffix modifier take 20% less plasma damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) chance : applies a non-stacking dot tetryon energy beams are blue in color . tetryon weapons are not specifically used by any race or faction , but they are available to anyone . tetyrons are subatomic particles that exist outside of normal space . when brought into normal space from subspace ( artificially or naturally ) they become highly unstable . shields and armor with the [ tet ] suffix modifier take 20% less tetryon damage than usual . energy bonus : bonus damage to shields ( ground and space ) polaron directed energy was heavily utilized by the jem'hadar during the dominion war on both their starship and ground weapons . in star trek online they are pink/purple in color and are available to all races and factions . they are first available to players at the captain rank ( mk viii ) . polaron ground weaponry typically leaves an anticoagulant behind , although this is not the case in the game . shields and armor with the [ pol ] suffix modifier take 20% less polaron damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : -25 power to all subsystems ( space ) / 5% chance : weapons malfunction for 5 sec ( ground ) antiprotons , when confined into a beam , are normally yellow in color ; however , in star trek online it appears near identical at distance to phaser energy 1 and the differences are only apparent up close . [ 2 ] up close , the energy looks a lot more unstable , similar to plasma and tetyron energy . antiproton beams were used by the planet-destroying doomsday machine . in the game , antiproton energy is used on end-game weaponry . shields with the [ ap ] suffix modifier take 20% less antiproton damage than usual . energy bonus : +2% critcal chance +40 critical severity in star trek online all types of torpedoes and mines use kinetic energy as a form of damage . kinetic energy is highly negated by shields both in ground combat by a personal shield and space combat by a shield array . kinetic energy is produced from the reaction of any explosion . although projectiles are based on kinetic damage they do have some differences ; for example , quantum torpedoes and mines use plasma-based warheads , whereas photon torpedoes and mines use a standard matter/antimatter warhead . all projectiles are fully based around kinetic energy damage . energy bonus : none
you can not unequip item from its slot , once you pick up your first item you will have to have something equipped in that slot constantly through the game . which sucks if your first item has negative effects . however items are random and frequent and mostly do not have negative effects , so you will sooner or later get something to replace it ; using the menu ( by pressing o ) . and then there is also the choice of not picking up any items , so you can finish the game without any items equipped . . . not sure why would anyone want to do this but . . .
when you are setting up a multiplayer game , there is an option for pitboss under the advanced game options .
there are certainly behavioral differences at the harder difficulty levels . a few that i have noticed : harder ais : scout more aggressively defend better against rushes ( ie . by pulling workers off the mineral line to defend ) will target scvs instead of hopelessly attacking whatever it is the scvs are repairing so it seems to me the developers actually took into account tactics that better players use and only make these tactics available to the ai based on its difficulty . of course , this is only a small piece of the puzzle and there are no doubt a lot of factors that go into it . if you are really curious , i would suggest saving some replays of different level ais ( for the sake of the experiment , make them the same race and on the same map ) and actually watching what they do differently .
if i remember correctly , the deposit gets returned to you when something sells , but the auction house itself takes 5% out of the winning bid as it is fee . i do know that it is a fixed portion , and not affected by duration . the neutral auction house takes a larger cut -- 15% . filthy goblins . as a reminder , you do not get your deposit back if your item does not sell . the cost of the deposit itself varies with duration ( as you noticed ) but the vendor price of the item in question as well . taken from wowwiki again , the goblin-run auction houses charge more :
the mg4 shows as having explosive rounds when equipped with fmj . so it is sort of a glitch . look in the trivia section at the bottom : http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/mg4
loot is " first come first served": only one copy of each item exists for all players to share . this goes for both ammo , guns , shields , grenade mods , . . . everything . the only thing that is awarded " privately " for each player is quest rewards . not specializing in the same gun types could be beneficial , but i do not honestly think you had have too much issues if you used the same kind of guns . and yes - you can play the same class , if you so desire .
according to the dwarf fortress wiki : you can choose the name of your own fortress during the embark process . when you reach the stage where you are deciding on your founder 's skills and starting items , press shift+f to choose your fortress name . you will be given a semi-random name automatically . fortress names are always compounds of two dwarven words . if you choose to pick your own name , you can craft a fortress name that would otherwise be rejected by the name generator .
if you can not dig across to get to the adamantine , you will just have to start from above the magma sea and dig straight down once you have located the adamantine veins . and if you have not already : breach into the magma sea by channeling to make lower levels visible . to quote the simpsons : " no , dig up , stupid . " : )
bonuses and penalties in civ are added , not multiplied . the +33% and -33% cancel each other out .
yes , if a minion attacks a hero with the weapon exposed , they will take the damage from the weapon , but the weapon will not lose any uses .
here the ending on youtube : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3nxv2uo1y3u the exchange between cortana and keys is the beginning of halo : combat evolved ! cortana plots a random hyperspace jump to lose the covenant and by chance discover the first halo ring . the story then continues with you playing as spartan  117 in the first halo game .
there is a small chance of getting critical success when crafting an item . when that happens you will get 15-50% bonus cxp or have some of the materials you used " refunded " . you can also increase the chance for critical success for 3/6/9% per tier by gaining artisan bonus via power of the mists mechanic in world vs world . when you get the critical chance you will see x exp + y exp on your screen , the x = normal cxp you get from crafting and the y = bonus cxp which you get from critical chance and/or recipe discovery . from what i noticed by watching videos of people crafting on youtube , when you get item refund via critical chance there is no message about it . sources : 1 , 2 , 3
i believe that is the zelda room , you will need to have the fire flower and light up the torches in the room . there is a fire flower in the very first room between the " ! " question mark boxes . [ ? ] [ ? ] [ ? ] x &lt ; --there is some fire power . [ ? ] hope that helps . . the formatting for posting that picture is a little off but you get the idea if your looking at the very first room of the world .
ok so i cleared out about 90% of the castle with a lich and here are some numbers : i started with : hp = 135 mp = 167 i reached the cap on hp ( which i guess answers this question but i wanted to figure out some more ) : hp = 383 mp = 167 i used hp conversion ( popped up -191 max hp , +191 max mp ) : hp = 191 mp = 358 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -99 max hp , +99 max mp ) : hp = 100 mp = 457 ( found a +5 hp stat in a chest here ) i reached the cap on hp once again : hp = 386 ( 383 + 5/2 ? ) mp = 457 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -194 max hp , + 194 max mp ) : hp = 194 mp = 651 i used hp conversion again ( popped up max mp converted . need higher level ) so then i just got to the hp cap again and here is my final result : my stats read 386 max hp and 651 max mp so the max cap for both stats are determined by your overall stat in that , the biggest thing that stood out to me was the max hp + 5 stat increased my hp cap by 3 ( maybe 2.5 ? ) . i may try to see what max hp paladins and barbarians have with out upgrading and keeping track of stat upgrades i find . maybe i will take off hp giving equipment and subtract the bonuses my lich has on right now to see how he matches up , could do the same for archmages or something as well . but first this guy has to die , or maybe beat my last 2 + final bosses . edit : ponce too strong for the crowstorm lich : ( but back too numbers : did not purchase any hp+ or mp+ with my money , did not get any stats so just dis-equipped . hp w/o equip bonuses : lich hp cap = 311 barbarian max hp = 473 paladin max hp = 315 most i could say here is the cap is about the same as the paladin 's current max hp mp w/o equip bonuses : lich mp cap = 566 archmage max mp = 375 so the lich caps at about 1.5 times as much mp as the archmage currently has max .
maybe you were ' locked-in ' with a different character without realizing it . here are the dialogue options from the wiki for a male shepard , a love interest is " locked in " once you express interest at the following dialogue points : jack : " i want to talk about us . " to prevent locking-in , say " never mind " . tali : " i want to talk about you . " at the point where she beckons you toward the drive core . to prevent locking-in , say " so you are not interested ? " followed by " i need to think about this . " miranda : " can we talk ? " at the point where she says " i do not know what this is , if it is just stress , or blowing off steam , or . . . " you can not opt out ; every option results in either becoming locked-in , or the relationship being broken off permanently . hope you saved before the conversation ! at this point you know that shepard has successfully ' locked in ' that romance . shepard can still express an interest in other crew members . however , the new love interest will ' challenge ' shepard 's love-triangle and force shepard to dump the ' locked-in ' option in order to be with them . once a potential relation is at the ' challenge ' part , there is no way to express disinterest in them no matter what shepard choose . however , if shepard dumps someone who is ' locked in ' , that romance option will never be available . a romance scene with the ' locked-in ' character will be shown when the normandy sr-2 proceeds through the omega 4 relay . although it is possible to have a sexual encounter with jack before this , it does not count as a romance . if shepard and the love interest survive the suicide mission , it is possible to invite him or her up to the captain 's quarters to either sit with them on the couch , or lie with them on the bed .
no , rupture cannot cause a chain reaction . i just finished testing this , here is the method that i used : purchase a weapon with a low damage spread ( high minimum and low maximum damage ) . this is important to distinguish between damage caused by cleave ( which does 120% weapon damage ) and damage caused by the rupture explosion ( which does 85% weapon damage ) . if there is too large of a spread , it becomes difficult to tell in the videos which one is which . in this case , cleave did around 43-47 damage against skeletons and rupture did 27-31 or so . the weapon i purchased for this is called a fleet hulk : run around in the cathedral for several hours trying to find the ideal group of enemies , taking video and analyzing it for places where rupture should be spreading but is not . upload and annotate the video ( here it is ! ) . if anyone sees anything in the video that makes my conclusion seem incorrect , please let me know and i will try running more tests . i captured quite a few other segments where rupture also did not chain , but in those cases it seemed like there was some doubt since the enemies were a bit more scattered . this video seemed like the most conclusive test since the enemies ( especially the group on the right ) are quite closely grouped but still do not cause any additional ruptures despite an enemy dying from rupture damage right beside them . note : in case you are wondering how far 8 yards ( the range for rupture ) is in the game , here is a handy image . edit : apparently the annotations got messed up on the youtube video , i will try to post a new version when i get a chance .
these sort of messages are typically received from civilizations that are hostile to your own . i believe the idea behind those is to let you know that civilization is hostile to you . to give you a hint about the areas in which you are lacking ( e . g . if they say you are uncivilized , it indicates your culture output is too low ) . i am pretty sure that among the two response options , one is just to slightly increase the hostility and one to slightly decrease it , basically giving you some influence about the future of the relations .
see this video . it seems that boys of silence can be killed ! the steps outlined in the video are as follows . equip the spectral sidekick gear . find a spare weapon . drop/pick up the spare weapon until the gun has a clear line of sight to the boy of silence . get the boy of silence to turn towards you with a yellow light . take cover and let your " ghostly ally " hit the boy of silence . repeat step 4-5 until the boy of silence dies ; if the effects of spectral sidekick end before the boy of silence dies , go back to step 3 . do an irish jig over his dead body . some notes : the description for this gear is " dropping a weapon creates a ghostly ally for a few seconds " . in the video linked to above , which shows a part the level called " the atrium " , there is a weapon lying in front of some crates on the left , in the room right after that with all the motorized-patriot masks , just before you encounter the first boy of silence in the game . edit : here is an alternative method applicable to ( spoiler ) . . . the boy of silence that sneaks up on you just before you rescue elizabeth from her tormentors , near the end of the game . just one-shot the boy of silence ( in the mouth , if that matters ) with the shotgun , as in this video ; which difficulty level is used in the video is unknown , though .
league of legends ' free-to-play model allows gamers , paying or not , to enjoy all of the core gaming experience . so every element that actually makes a difference in the gameplay can be acquired for free ( champions and runes ) . there are more than 60 champions in the game and they are locked for you when you create an account ; you buy a champion for a given price with in-game money ( ip - influence points ) earned by playing the game , or you spend riot points . runes give you a small boost in-game , and can only be bought with ip . riot points ( rp - acquired spending real money ) are used for : boosting summoner experience/ip gain per game ( summoner level cap is 30 ) buying champions skins ( cosmetics ) changing your summoner name ( more cosmetic , basically ) others ( bundles , extra rune pages , etc . ) in short , not spending money means you will take longer to unlock all features ( which are not required for having fun with the game ) , you will not have skins , and your summoner name is fixed .
representation does not refund culture points from earlier policies . the way it works is as quoted : when you adopt the policy , it reduces the cost of future policies for all your cities , including ones that are already built by the time you adopt the policy . it does not reduce the costs of policies that you have already adopted . therefore , if the reduction in cost would have allowed you to adopt an extra policy ( if you had adopted representation earlier in the game ) , you will not get an extra policy for free . representation applies to cities founded after taking the policy and does not apply to the ones before as mentioned beforehand , in other words the earlier you get the policy , the better it is for you ! if you want to know more about it , here 's a link to a forum discussion regarding representation in civ v http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=414366
most ( maybe all ? ) of the races in forza single-player require you to match a certain type of vehicle . it may be limited to performance in some races ( as defined by the letter classes ) , in other races it may be limited by make and/or model , in some it is even more granular -- i recall at least a few where there were horsepower limits , so you had to mod the car for weight and balance to get that edge . i do not remember forza 2 well enough to compare , but i felt that forza 3 provided a good amount of challenge for most of the races . of course , the make/model races were easy to overpower ( i had a stingray optimized for handling first and power second , and easily wiped up the chevy meets ) . but overall , the balance was pretty decent in forza 3 .
it is actually true . taunting when standing on a capture point speeds up capturing a 10% . you can see it in the " pro tips " in game :
i would use the stun gun ( for which you have low-ish ammo , sadly ) in occasions i can not approach an enemy safely without alarming them . a dart gun to the head works too -- the guy will fall after a few seconds , but will not raise the alarm himself . usually with sitting enemies , they are not looking aside , so you might be able to approach them quickly and take them down before they sound the alarm , but it might not work in every situation alternatively , from the looks of it , you might be able to jump-crouch on the bunk the guy is sitting on and take him down . as others suggested , you could also sneak by cloaked and , uh , have your way with him .
i found the fix . when i disable triple buffering it works fine . looks like a bug wither with windows 8 compatibility , or with the new video card drivers .
the upgrades you have done will carry over to your new forge in your new game+ , so you will be able to collect items and such to upgrade your weapons . you can even upgrade weapons you do not have yet in your ng+ playthrough ( i was able to upgrade the dueling pistols , for example , at the beginning of the game ) . so yes , you can complete the game and still have the ability to finish up that achievement in a ng+ .
on low mps , archon wizard is the fastest for xp farming . they can ( as of 1.08 ) keep up permanent archon and roll through hordes of monsters . they are also relatively cheap to set up as you can get a 150k dps archon wizard for 10-15m that can roll through mp2 in no time . for higher mps , you will have to swap to a cm build , but those are way more expensive to gear up than building a decent archon wizard . on higher mps , the best/fastest xp farming is barbarians using the tornado/ww setup . barbs have the best survivability on higher mp due to the fact that they are the only class that can get life steal on the belt and also they have a passive that grants 3% life steal . also , their perma wotb means they are completely immune to crowd control , which is absolutely necessary on higher mps . wotb is actually pretty bad on low mps because you kill monsters so fast its hard to generate the amount of fury required to keep it permanently up . however , their gear is super expensive and it will cost 200+m to set up a barb that can handle mp7+ with ease . monks can build a tempest rush + wave of light build that can farm quite fast , this build requires 4 piece innas ( to make sweeping wind cost next to nothing ) as well as additional spirit regen gear to maximize wave of light spam . its quite possible to get enough spirit regen for perm tempest rush , the trick is to use a slow attack weapon ( skorn is perfect for this build ) . wol becomes less useful at higher mps due to increasingly higher monster health , but well geared monks can still farm quite fast ( as is the case with every class ) . this all comes down to how much gold you have . if you can afford it , barbs farm the fastest , but their gear is the most expensive . monks are relatively cheap to gear due to one with everything , and decent int wizard gear is the cheapest to find . note , both the archon and wotb builds are likely to change in the future as blizzard has repeatedly said that they want to address the issue of perma archon and perma wotb .
like most things in guild wars , it depends on whether that hour a day you can spend can be extended at all . the fastest current way found is to repeatedly farm the first few enemies on the farmer hamnet quest , detailed here - claimed ldoa in 2-3 days : http://www.guildwarsguru.com/forum/fastest-way-ldoa-t10473064.html?t=10473064highlight=ldoa+speed other than that , if we discount the exp you will gain from killing foes for the sake of simplicity , you will need 101,000 experience to get from level 10 to level 20 , and at 1,000 experience per day , you are looking at about 101 days , probably quite a few less since you will be killing some monsters to gain exp along the way . cut that number down further if you have some time to go charr hunting in the northlands ; it is a great way to get up to 14 or so in a few days without being as boring as farming one mob over and over again . at an hour a day , plan on devoting 2-3 months at it , and you will probably be pleasantly surprised . almost forgot to mention , class matters a bit more in pre as well . if you are , say , a ranger , you might be able to take advantage of the bonus weapons that come with pre-ordering some of the games if you did that , or owning collector 's editions . aoe scatter also does not exist in pre , so quite a few people like running elementalists or ele secondaries for that reason .
banelings usually prefer to attack units and do not attack buildings unless manually ordered to do so . when " attack structure " is set to auto cast , banelings will prefer to attack buildings and only go for units if there are no buildings in sight . when a baneling explodes next to a building and a unit , the building will take 80 damage and the unit will take 20/35 , no matter why the baneling exploded . if the building or the unit was targeted , or if the baneling exploded because it got killed or the player manually hit " explode " makes no difference .
it would not help with claims , but you could use your gold to invite a nobleman to your court ( through the intrigue menu ) , and then have your kinswomen marry them . this way you get a noble plus the offspring of their marriage , which can help if you are short on potential council members . it will be difficult to lure men to marry matrilineally , especially if they have any sort of claims . they will not want to marry your unimportant kinswoman , and there is a base reluctance to the marriage anyway . hover over the " no " message to see what factors are preventing the marriage , and how close you are to success .
a simple pulse lengthener will work here . it works like this : the first block gets powered from the pressure plate ( or you can power it in some other way ) , the redstone line immediately takes power from there , so all the pistons go up instantly . after some time the repeater draws power from the block and powers the next block , and so on . . . when you step off the pressure plate , the first block no longer powers the redstone line , but all the next blocks still do ; the first repeater turns off after some time and the 2nd block is not powered anymore . . . but the line is powered until the last block loses power . if the signal is shorter than 4 ticks , this scheme will not work well , but buttons always give a 5-tick pulse and pressure plates ' signal lasts at least 5 ticks . and by the way , i used iron blocks , but these can be any non-transparent blocks , old answer or , for a different behavior , use an rs nor latch as in this screenshot . this scheme will keep the pistons up for at least the time it takes the current to go through the repeaters , or for more time if the player keeps standing on the pressure plate .
first of all , there are many differences attributed between cs1.6 and cs:go . the most important thing to note is the engine ; it is improved dramatically over the past 9 years ( cs1.6 was released in 2003 , cs:go in 2012 ) . namely , cs1.6 uses the goldsrc engine , which is a heavily modified quake engine , and cs:go uses the source engine . second , cs:go features drastically balanced gamemodes and weapons . most notably , they completely changed the way hostage missions worked previously in cs:s and cs1.6 , and made it a lot more balanced for both sides . some new weapons were added , and most of other weapons got a huge balance update ( default pistols get a buff that puts them up to standard to other pistols , deagle nerfed ) . along with that , cs:go also features a matchmaking system extremely similar to that of tf2 , but it forms games based on a " combat rank " , which helps to put similar players of similar skills in the same games . some other features are a complete ui revitalization , a more informative and easy to use buy menu , and an extremely polished user-friendly tutorial . some minor things are the removal of flashlights ( some servers have it with plugins ) , as well as getting rid of pre-defined loadouts . also included now are " weapon " skins , cosmetic variants of stock weapons that have no effect on gameplay but can do things such as track kill counts , be named as something else , etc .
i always thought that it was the top 3 players of each team . those links seems to tell that sometimes one or two guys are selected randomly .
mobs can not really use anything that players can use ( including levers ) . the only exceptions are ladders and pressure plates . ladders because it only requires that the mob move towards the ladder to use it , and ai does not actually know how to use the ladder causing them to fall off of it pretty easily .
definitely sounds like a bug , but getting them to move in together isnt that hard through convo , just have to cycle through friendly options until the conversation reaches a ' friendly ' level
yes there is - you can split a stack of items by holding down the control key and clicking on the stack . this will pop up a little window that allows you to select how many you want to split off into a new stack .
the nes must do the following to " read " the zapper : wait until next frame starts make the screen black , except for a small area where a target is read the zapper to see if it is detecting light wait until next frame starts make the screen completely black read the zapper to see if it is not detecting light if it detected light in both step 2 and 5 , the zapper is not pointed at the tv set and the program should count it as a miss . however , if light was detected in step 2 but not step 5 , then the program should count it as a hit . this is why the screen flickers in duck hunt , and the duck sprite is replaced with a solid white sprite for 1/60th of a second , when you pull the zapper trigger . tl ; dr : it should work on any tv if the contrast and response time of the display are good enough .
not at the moment . the mod tools are still somehwat limited since the source code for many of the libraries has not yet been released , so i do not think it is possible to create all the underlying systems of espionage points , missions , etc . i would not be surprised to see it in the future though .
it happens to me too , and only at shang simla , no other place . . . i read around and the common conclusion is that a sim out there got stuck and can not find a right pathing to get out so it keeps running a check to find a correct pathing to get out of the stuck condition , which is why the game lag every few min ( game time ) . . . which makes sense since there are quite a few spots there where a sim can get stuck with the horrible pathing . i use http://ts3.tscexchange.com/index.php?topic=4685.0 which seems to help , but like any cc it probably has some risks too
i have personally played eq but looking at the wiki , i found this page . item stat explination so to answer your questions : rec lvl : recommended level . this means to what level your toon can wear the item before it becomes obsolete . ac = armor class or count . this is your armor level . like other games , the higher your armor level , the more physical damage reduction you have . end = endurance . reading it from the list , this seems to be your energy regeneration for classes that do not use mana . this is usually for rogue style classes . purity = this seems to be a stat regarding modification . from the link i provided , it talks about how the level of purity is tied to the level of enchantment you can use on it . magic = unsure but for most rpg games i have played , this is typically your magic resistance . it should work that the higher your magic level , the more resistance to damage from that family of magic . clairvoyance = this according to the link refers to the efficiency of your spell casting . in other words , the higher the clairvoyance , the more mana you gain back . modified/unmodified = applies to whether the item has been modified through enchantments or other items . slot/type = not really sure . . . hope that helps .
the expansion pack is windows only . it does not show up on a mac where i was trying to use it . in windows , it shows up under downloadable content menu in the game .
like in diablo 2: magic find increases the odds for found items ( from monsters or objects ) to be " higher quality " . higher quality items are more likely to be magical , rare , set , or legendary , with different odds for each type of item depending on the monster level dropping the item and the player 's magic find percentage . source
based upon past experience . the event will end at midnight on the day marked &lt ; 1 days to go . in other words , it will end 2/18 00:01 . this is how the holiday decoration event ended .
once you have the dlc installed , in your phone , on the " quests " menu , will be two new quests . if you select either of these quests , you will be given the first waypoint for the dlc mission you picked .
according to this website : step 1: log on to psn ( on your computer ) for the respective region you wish to find the sku for ( in the us , for example , it is us.playstation.com ) . step 2: after that search for the game you want using the search bar on left side of the screen at the bottom of the buttons . after you have found the page of the game you are looking for , hit control + u to bring up source code of the page . step 3: near the bottom of the source code , you should see something like this : the second-last line of the source code is the sku or game id of the game you were looking for ( so for instance this would be npub30303 ) .
i tried it tonight , and it did not seem to have any direct effect ( maybe it is random ? ) . however , the chinese were very happy that i did not blame them , and i got something like a +50 boost from them .
according to this site , the significant time is about 4 hours .
the largest maps i have ever downloaded have only just about topped 100mb . unless you generate an obscene number of chunks , 200mb is going to be fine .
you might try some of these ( i would try gvaz 's fix before a full wipe ) , or this fix . hopefully you get it fixed ! you could also try renaming nvcpl.dll in the Borderlands\binaries folder , think i saw that on reddit a bit back . edit : in case threads go down , here are suggested fixes : close steam rename borderlands folder start steam and the download started by itself and finished shut down steam again , deleted the new folder after copying over to the old one , renamed old one started steam , and i could play the game . second fix : i deleted all my microsoft visuall version and installed the 4 that are mentioned in this thread : http://forums.gearboxsoftware.com/sh...d.php?t=114803 i switched borderlands language to english i have to get rid of the " write-protection " of my steam order everytime before i want to start the game . try this last ! after trying everything i mentioned a few times and other semi-fix attempts i decided to nuke and pave . with a fresh install of windows and 1.40 borderlands works . it seems for one reason or another the patch and/or something working together on my previous install may have corrupted/screwed up one of the two dlls that borderlands error is complaining about ( i replaced the first one , couldnt replace the second one as it was write protected ) .
the servers show day or night depending on the actual , real-world time of the server . many dayz servers show the timezone ( as an offset from gmt/utc ) that server is set for . for example , the server DayZ - US #00 (1.7.2.3/95251) [REC][GMT-5] is located in gmt-5 , whose current time can be found here . at the time of this writing , it is 10:30pm there , so that server will have night . if the server does not display the timezone in the server-name , the best you can do is join servers located in a part of the world that currently has daylight . a lot of them change the timezone , though , so this method is not fool-proof .
according to this thread on gamespot : you have to collect the rainbow medal from each level to gain access to the final world of the game and beat the boss . if you miss any regular medals , you can get them later ; but you must get the one rainbow medal from each level of the four main worlds , or you can not beat the game . if you missed any rainbow medals after beating the boss of world 4 , you can then go back and get the ones you missed ; so do not worry about having to get them all on your first try of each level .
there are couple of extra movies you get when completing all pages of the book and completing the time trials ( master thief runs ) . aside from that there is the japanese opening you unlock by completing the game , that is pretty much it .
there is only one trophy for each character for classic mode , regardless of what difficulty you play . in addition , these are the trophies that are earned for completing classic mode in certain ways : beating classic mode on very hard gives the player the striker mario trophy . beating classic mode on intense gives the player a trophy of crazy hand . beating classic mode with 20 different characters gives the player a trophy of master hand . beating classic mode with all characters gives the player the paper mario trophy . beating classic mode with all characters ( including sheik , zero suit samus , squirtle , ivysaur , and charizard ) gives the player the creeping chrysanthemum trophy . however , this last point brings up a follow-up question : were using using zelda/sheik , samus/zss , or pokmon trainer ? the trophy you get upon completing classic mode with them is dependent on which form of the character you dealt the final blow with . for example , if you beat it on easy using charizard at the end , and then complete it on normal using squirtle at the end , you get the charizard trophy the first time and the squirtle trophy the second time ( and a pokmon trainer trophy both times ) . sources : http://www.ssbwiki.com/trophy , http://www.ssbwiki.com/classic_mode
as long as you commit the crime while undetected , you will not accrue any bounties . numbers and heist jobs are particularly easy in this regard , as often times you can show up after hours when nobody is around . in many cases , these jobs take you to places where nobody goes - there is pretty much no risk of being caught for many of the ledgers/strongboxes . i tend to save beforehand so that i can reload if i end up getting caught , but with a high enough sneak skill , you should not have to worry . as long as the " eye " is completely closed when you interact with the ledger/strongbox , you are good to go .
yes , the vendors change their inventory each day , as well as the prices on individual items . this is mostly from personal experience , but due to the time since i last played gen4 , backed up by the bulbapedia entry on the underground . the top of the article also has a handy map that shows where the different types of vendors hang out ; in the map of the underground at the top of the page , the yellow dots are the trap vendors , the red dots are the treasure vendors , and the blue dots are the goods vendors .
it was most likely eaten by an enemy . you are going to need to buy another . the enemy that took it is probably the flower like creature that sticks its tongue out while it attacks , called a pikit . if you are playing the gameboy advance version , it could also be a like-like that took your shield .
there are several ways to access the developer console , however most of these are no longer valid as of enemy within . one way you can still use the console , however , is through the keybind method . find the defaultinput file in the enemy within folder and add bindings under the [Engine.PlayerInput] heading . if there is not an [Engine.PlayerInput] heading , then make one . command bindings are written in the following manner : . binding ( name="&lt ; key > " , command="&lt ; command 1 > | &lt ; command2 > | &lt ; etc . > " ) it is suggested to that you add ALT so that you do not accidentally use the console when you do not want to . to do this , just add ALT=True to the binding . then , you can use your pre-specified console commands with their corresponding keybindings .
the secret characters are : frank cuccinello ( i think . . . ) please hire frank so he gets off the couch and his wife does not go nuts . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 90 coins starting stats : 2 / 3 / 2 / 3 special ability : +15% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event a beery good wedding , giving many units of any beer of a medium-low quality . i had to give 362 units of any 1273 quality or better beer . eljay an actual lumberjack who is had trouble finding work , he is taken a liking to your beer and he is ready to put his work ethic toward helping you make it . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 80 coins starting stats : 2 / 4 / 4 / 4 special ability : +10% yield to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event lumber jacked , giving a single unit of any quality of either red keep ira or red kastle ira . prof . zymurgis after successfully defending his doctoral thesis , " modern saccharomyces : environments , effects , and deliciousness " , this prof . took a biology professorship at state . he recently decided brewing with you might be more fun . hiring fee : 3000 coins starting salary : 225 coins starting stats : 7 / 1 / 4 / 1 special ability : 50% chance for +100% xp . how to acquire : complete the event knowledge for thirst , giving many units of any brown ale of a high quality . i had to give 497 units of any 2102 quality or better brown ale . end game spoilers gary blau the insufferably arrogant blau seems to be more tolerable now that you have saved him from death . and as much as you hate to admit it , he is a fantastic brewer . . . hiring fee : free starting salary : none ( volunteer ) starting stats : 6 / 10 / 4 / 10 special ability : +50% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event blau for blau , giving your unit of fiz to gary . there is one other secret character , but this is a super-end-game ( as in end-game of ng+ ) spoiler . he will not appear as locked in the hiring menu . super end game spoilers cyrus uprum the brewing legend was so impressed with your beer in the last career that he decided he had rather work for you than retire . replaces your character . starts at level max . cannot be fired . hiring fee : n/a starting salary : none starting stats : 10 / 10 / 10 / 10 special ability : +25% quality and no quality cap to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event all grown uprum with an extremely high quality beer . he says the quality should be near the boiling point of his namesake , cyrus uprum . we can deduce that he means the boiling point of cu ( copper ) , which is around 4660 f . this will trigger a cutscene , and the next ng+ you start will replace your character with cyrus .
it certainly sounds terribly difficult - it seems like you are going to have to be particularly high level and have a ton of healing items if you hope to survive . most of the strategies i have found are more a " war of attrition " than anything else . although , here 's a youtube video of someone defeating him in about 45 seconds : http://youtu.be/urzjauv_ayw?t=14m16s
this glitch is usually caused by a modded game client being used in your game that affects weapon stats : dmg , spread , bullets , etc . the problem is not ever really fixed even if the actual level goes back to normal . the damage and stats of death trap will be messed up permanently . i have actually been testing this myself trying to fix after it happened to me
the ' ton map has two exists , one is the main entrance and the other is the paul 's apartment window . ( fire escape ) when in outside map ( hell 's kitchen ) and standing towards the main entrance , the window to paul 's apartment is at the right wall of the building . but when you walk in the ' ton map the window is in the wall directly in front of you . yes , the ' ton map is incorrect with regards to the outside map and is also 2-3 times larger than it should be .
it may not be apparent at first glance , but there actually is a way to pick the maiamai off the wall without having to progress any further . just merge with the wall , then move right under the maiamai and unmerge . by unmerging , you will easily detach the maiamai from the wall . i just hope mother maiamai will not mind the rough handling .
i believe the " cursed tombs " are one of the maps you can buy from the map seller in the mapworks ( once you have beaten the game ) . here 's a screenshot : that said , you can definitely find borris the stout randomly in other locations . here 's another screenshot showing him in one of the act 1 levels ( the level in case you can not make it out is watchweald temple - floor 2 ) :
i hope i do not misunderstand your question ( my english is not the best ) but i think the order of the assist display is dependant on what mmr/pickorder you had at the start of the game or at least the display order of the champions ingame . as you can see here alistar and karthus always appear next to eachother . and i hardly doubt that alistar did more damage than a karthus and it would be really strange if they allowed shielding/movementspeedbuffs to gain assists but made the order dependant of damage dealt to the champion . also here you can see the order of purple team on the right and the assist display . you may notice how the killer is ( what a surprise ) always the big icon , while the champions that assisted are in their order displayed on the right . i have no detailed information about how the ingame display order in normal games is created but in ranked games it is determined by the mmr ( not the division ) so i assume in normal it is the w/l ratio of your normal games .
this does not really answer your problem , but i have had fsx running for a while now on windows 8 with everything working well , it has occasionally hiven me a fatal error , but only when i have pushed the settings too high ; ) make sure you have both sps installed they can be found here : sp1 and sp2 . there is also more info on them there and their bug fixes . also , try deleting the fsx registry key ( look this up first so you do not mess up your system ) . there is a key somewhere ( can not remember where , sorry ) that you can delete and it should fix the problem .
just like when they are purchased in-game for energy , the weapon upgrade , token upgrade , and heat amplifiers included in the starter pack are actual items that must be activated , consuming them , to take effect .
what you call home base is actually called capital : as you can see , the county that is your capital is marked with a crown on the county view . and hovering over it explains what being capital means . if you look at any other county in your demesne , the crown becomes a button you can use to move your capital : if you press it , a dialog appears explaining that you can move your capital only once per lifetime : you can not directly move the capital of your vassals , but you can force them to do that by revoking the county that is their current capital . but you can not choose where will they move the capital to .
the requirement is in fact " real life midnight " , although lucky for you your xbox does not really know what time it is . to do so , the steps are : disconnect from xbox live and go to your system setting to manually adjust time . set it around 5-7 min before midnight . go to rally point alpha on requiem ( mission 2 ) . update : as slenderman points out , the fastest/most reliable way to " jump " is simply to go off the cliff right next to where the warthog spawns - unless of course you have got something against respawning . . . : ) . check your time by pressing the xbox button as you progress , to keep track . you need to hit that jump in air at exactly midnight to get the achievement . naturally this may prompt some trial and error , but its pretty easy to drive off a cliff - so hopefully you get it on the first try . if you want to go the conventional route , you can head for the big jump a little later in the level . this video shows all the details :
access t-bone junction from the fast travel points . it shows for all characters after the installthere is no need to play through the game again to make it appear . ( i installed the dlc after i finished the original game . ) if you are having trouble , install all latest patches , reinstall the dlc , and reset your cache and try it all again ( in this order ) .
haste , as it existed in final fantasy xiii , does not exist in final fantasy xiii-2 . instead , the mog clock is the primary source of haste : if you get a " great ! " rating , you will get a preemptive strike and start the battle with haste . there is also a commando auto-ability for monsters , haste feeder , that casts haste on the monster automatically . a number of weapons and accessories that increase the atb rate : faerie 's bow , rune feather , angel 's bow , eurytos 's bow , and indrajit for serah rune tooth , sargantanas , nomad 's machete , orochi , and romulus and remus for noel kaiser knuckles line of accessories the hermes sandals line of accessories also casts haste when critical .
sadly no , but you will surely not miss any important objects becasue they sparkle and are nearly impossible to miss . i think i have missed countless journal bags that have the lore information , but there is no way to highlight these things other than putting your cursor over them .
please be aware that on any reasonable gige interface , the throughput difference between standard and jumbo frames is less than 10% , probably less than 5% . between any two gige-equipped macbooks , i can get ~945mbps of tcp throughput on standard sized frames . jumbo frames may push that to 980 or 990 , but that is not a huge improvement . if your transfer times are slow , the lack of jumbo frames is probably not your problem .
i went to lago zancudo , there is a gas station where i fortunately found a tanker ( what trucks use to carry gas ) . i parked the security van next to it and i shot the tanker from a distance . four shots later it blew up and open the backdoor , dropping a brief case with $7,000 ! ! ! !
start with a bigger world ? if all you want is room to spread out . in civ 5 there are actually reasons not to want to spread out so much , if you want to go for culture instead . 4 cities with decent resources is plenty to get you to the modern age , with the added advantage that you will have 4-5 more social advancements than your rivals . just do not alienate everyone , so that you are able to trade for aluminum and uranium . remember that on difficulty higher than 4 , the ais cheat . they will have more settlers , workers , and military much faster than you do . you can not beat them in the early game just by outbuilding them , you need to out-think them as well . this is where diplomacy can come into play ; if you can trick the ais into starting a war with one another , it does hurt their economy ( not as much as it would hurt yours , but a little ) .
i have spent the better part of an hour now searching for a source to confirm my answer , but i can not find anything . however with that said : it is based on minecraft classic , so i doubt there would be , especially considering the world has an end just like the original minecraft classic on pc ( on which there are no caves ) . add that to the fact that i am yet to come across a cave system as well and i am pretty sure there are not any .
the steam forums have a few answers : renaming a steam-screenshot workaround via vlc both should work just fine but do take some effort ; ) the first option is to make a screenshot ingame , give the name of that screenshot to the screenshot you want to add and to copy the renamed screenshot over the steam-screenshot . the second option requires some more steps : download , install and add vlc to your steam library . run vlc from steam . select open file and select your image ( select any file is necessary ) . go into full screen modus ( double-click the screen ) . make a screenshot with steam .
from personal experience , the difficulty scales in a small way based on the number of players , but it is nothing compared to the benefit from having additional players . co-optimus ' faq for this game backs me up : do enemies scale based on the number of players ? there seems to be some limited scaling in the campaign . spartan-ops also appears to scale slightly based on the number of players . you will want to change the difficulty though for maximum effect . it is hard to quantify exactly how the difficulty scales , but the developers of halo : reach implemented this system : in reach , jarrard said , enemies will toughen if they face more players , exhibiting not just more damage resistance but getting smarter , more creatively using cover and generally being trickier foes . halo 4 re-uses parts of the reach engine so it is likely that this information still applies . i did not notice an extreme difference in damage resistance going from solo to co-op . it is also relatively hard to gauge the " intelligence " of the ai . they seemed to use cover , flanking , and dodge/teleport just fine in single player , especially on legendary . on the other hand , the benefits of co-op are many , and easy to determine . having multiple weapons , and giving the enemies multiple targets , for instance . another prime example of how much easier it is - as long as you do not turn the " iron " skull on , and as long as one player remains alive , others will respawn on them ( or nearby ) if they die . in single player , ( or in co-op with iron on ) you had have to go back to the last checkpoint and start again . this can make even difficult engagements fairly easy , as long as you play conservatively . ( i believe this is also why there is a separate achievement for solo'ing the campaign on legendary )
the goal of early game champions is to get enough snowball going early game so that either the game does not last til late game or they are so fed by late game winning is easy . the goal of late game champions is to hold out , farm up , and not get snowballed until late game when they can then dominate . having a mix of early/late game may be useful , but it all really depends on how the laning phase goes . if the early game champs fail to make an impact early game then their usefulness is diminished . if a late game champion fails to farm well during the early/mid game they are not going to be stronger than the early game champion late game anyway . ex : tristana 0/5/0 250 cs vs a 5/0/5 draven with 250 cs the draven will most likely win , even if its 50 mins into the game . in summary ( and disclaimer this may be somewhat personal opinion ) , late game/early game should not influence champ select . you should try to get a team comp that synergizes well . once you have that , analyze whether you are late game or early game and play accordingly ( see above ) .
starting a new campaign does not erase achievements , unlocked portraits , or decals . all it does is start the missions over , from the beginning , so you can , for instance , take the alternate routes on the 3 " choice " missions ( and see the after-mission movies , which you are not privy to when simply replaying the mission via the archive ) . it may also be the only way to lower your elapsed time for the " hurry up it is raid night " achievement . ( on account of being able to skip some missions )
a slight work around , that would probably be better as it will turn of mobs but keep health regen off , would be to run the game on a server . you would not need a spare computer as you can run it off the same pc as the game . all you need to do is change : spawn-monsters=true to : spawn-monsters=false in the server 's server . properties file . if you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access , although if you do this they will not be able to change map .
the game also contains " shopping list " type quests , for which some hunting accouterments are required . some of the hunting things ( particularly cougar skins and claws ) are hard to gather in a timely fashion , even with the hunter unlocked . you never need more than five of any item so every thing above that number is vendor trash . the homestead creation items are almost never worth the price in time and materials , even late in the game .
stat changes in gen 1 used the same modifiers- 1.5x , 2x , 2.5x , 3x , 3.5x , 4x for increases and 2/3 , 2/4 , 2/5 , 2/6 , 2/7 , 2/8 for decreases- as in later generations . changing a stat moves it up or down one step , sharply changing it moves it up or down two steps . poison deals 1/16 of a targets max hp per turn . toxic uses a formula which increases the damage it does each round . the first hit does 1/16 , the second does 2/16 , the third does 3/16 and so on . sleep in generation i lasts from 1-7 turns , selected randomly . this value is set when the pokemon falls asleep . all other status effects last until healed . burn halves the attack stat of the affected pokemon . paralysis reduces a pokemon 's speed by 75% . the other effects of status should be apparent .
the definite answer is no . shields can only be acquired in specific ways . according to the clash of clans wiki of shields , these are the ways you can get shields : beginning the game . when you first begin playing clash of clans , you are given a 3-day shield . once the shield expires , you will have to manually purchase shields . be a victim of a successful raid . if your village is attacked by another user , you will gain one of 2 shields : if your village is raided with 40%-49% destruction percent , you will receive a 12-hour shield if your village is raided with a 90% or more destruction percent , you will receive a 16-hour shield purchase shields through the store . shields can be purchased through the store with gems . a 1-day shield costs 100 gems , and takes 5 days to cool down . a 2-day shield costs 150 gems , and takes 10 days to cool down . a week-long shield costs 250 gems , and takes 35 days to cool down . so , the most probable answer is that your village was unsuccessfully raided but with a 40-49% destruction percent . and in conclusion , shields cannot be activated automatically unless an event such as the ones mentioned above take place .
no , there is not . you may get a mission to fight the enemy in a contested sector , and some sectors may occasionally change hands , but there is no real story to be experienced or goal to be reached .
no , staves can be neither enchanted nor disenchanted . if you are on pc , you can use the creation kit to either create a new staff or customize an existing one ( unique staves are good candidates , as modifying them will not change the ones npcs will use against you ) . with dragonborn , you can craft staves , but they are the same staves you could find or buy elsewhere - you cannot create custom staves . at the moment , no mods appear to have been developed that add this functionality .
gearscore still exists ( in fact , it still uses the same curse page ) . it is new , improved , and a larger memory hog . it is now called playerscore . from experience on my server though , it is not used very much anymore . this is not an in-game tool , but i use wow-heroes to check gear , gems , and enchantments for pug members in my gold dkp runs .
you had to pick-pocket warren 's pocket when he stands over by the window to get his pen to access his computer , then read his emails to get the password to the conference room computer . he stands over there a lot , but i missed it too , so do not feel bad . if you are already at the end , and he is already left for the last time though , then i am afraid that there is nothing that you can do short of just starting a new game on the main menu .
yes . you can buy a playstation network card at a retailer ; these prepaid cards can be used in the psn store instead of credit cards . ( unlike the xbox cards , the value of psn cards is listed in your local currency , so it is easy to tell how much you are spending and how much games cost . as an example , here are $50 cards for sale . )
the bad weapon and hands full ( the debuff for wielding two weapons without the dual weilding skill ) do not affect any of your statistics , but instead cause a direct percentage loss to your damage output when using melee weapons . bad weapon reduces damage by 28% . hands full reduces damage by 36% . i am not sure how these stack ( whether it is a straight 64% drop , or compounded ~54% drop ) . see the bad weapon page on the wiki if you want confirmation .
sniping can be difficult at lower levels , especially if you have not progressed far enough to have come across decent rifles . additionally , if you have not chosen a class with the sniper rifle talent ( soldier or infiltrator ) , i would probably just choose a different offensive strategy . keep in mind that even if you can not snipe , garrus can if you equip him appropriately , and he gets an additional accuracy and sniper rifle damage bonuses from points invested in turian agent . of course , relying on your squad members exclusively will almost always get you into trouble , so assuming you can properly wield a sniper rifle , there are a few things you should consider . first , rifle choice is key . like with virtually all weapon classes your best choice is spectre gear , but there are alternatives when that is not available . if you find yourself picking up level iv weapons , i recommend trying to find a striker ( devlon industries ) . if you find yourself picking up level vii weapons , look for a punisher ( armax arsenal ) . if you are at an earlier stage , look for an equalizer ( haliat armory ) . once you have a decent rifle , investing points into the sniper rifle talent goes a long way . after you get to a certain level , with the right rifle there will be virtually no sway when aiming down the scope . for earlier on though , tactical use of assassination can be helpful &ndash ; just keep in mind that it has a 45 second cooldown . after weapon choice and talent assignment , you should consider adding both ammo and weapon upgrades to your sniper rifle . most of the sniper rifles at minimum do nearly enough damage to kill , so be sure to pick ammo upgrades that will maximize damage against the types of targets you are going up against . for instance , anti-personnel/shredder ( for organics ) and armor-piercing/tungsten ( for synthetics ) are typically reasonable options , although once accuracy has improved enough i prefer sledgehammer rounds . you can also give chemical/polonium rounds a shot , with the hope that the target will die from toxic damage before they are close enough to return fire . when it comes to weapon upgrades , i find the heat absorption and stability modifications work well for me . these come in the form of heat sink/frictionless materials and recoil damper/kinetic stabilizer/kinetic coil , respectively . depending on your needs and number of upgrade slots , combat optics are not a bad choice either when they become available , since you get the detection level bonus and an increase in accuracy . beyond that , there are a few more minor things to consider : kneeling improves stability the scope will settle if you wait long enough damage taken is always the same no matter where you hit on a target
how are you running the server ? i have run a server on a computer and port-forwarded the ports and had very bad lag issues with friends directly connecting . however , when i run it and my friends connect through hamachi , it seems to alleviate most of the lag . if you are not running through hamachi , you should give it a try . this seems counter-intuitive to me since you would think hamachi would add overhead , not take it away but what can i say , that is what i have noticed .
yes , as long as you have the latest rock band 2 title update -- this installs automatically if you are connected to xbox live . beatles rock band and guitar hero : metallica were the first titles to support the wireless mic , anything released after that should support them out of the box as a matter of course .
currently , the achievements called " wings of liberty : hard " and " wings of liberty : brutal " simply count the number of missions you have completed at each difficulty and give you an achievement for every 5 missions you have completed . so , you get a level of the achievement at 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , and 25 missions completed . right now , they both give you the final tier of the achievement once you complete 25 missions at that difficulty level . your quote is indicating that they are adding a final level above the "25 missions " reward . you also have to gain the " liberty completionist hard " and " liberty completionist brutal " achievements ( which require you to have completed all 29 missions ) before you get the final tier of the " wings of liberty " achievement for that difficulty .
just concept art , and a really excellent soundtrack of metal .
edit : i checked a bit deeper regarding this and yes , i was wrong regarding the deactivation of the account , still the same consequence as erasing the account , the games will be rendered unusable in the system ( s ) you deactivate your account from . if by deactivate you mean that you are going to erase the account , then yes , every game you have got that was downloaded by that account will be disabled , that means you will not be able to use it any more since the " owner account " is not in your system any more .
any of the barbarian abilities which generate fury only generate fury when they hit something - that means an enemy or a destructible item . do not you get angry when you leap into a pile of books ? i know my barbarian does .
i did a whole guide to stars that might be of use , but i will summarize the " no sun " strategy . i think the basic premise you have wrong is that you do not have to do this at the start of the round . you can spend sun and then later in the level not spend any for the required amount of time . it is much easier to establish your defenses and then do this towards the middle/late part of the round , when victory is more or less assured . do not wait too long , though , since the levels tend to take pretty close to a fixed time . you can extend the length of the level by digging up all your attack plants when you are down to the last 1-2 zombies , and then using plant food on a wall-nut or similar .
i found them all , they are the main characters from cowboy bebop : spike : when you get into matthius apartment , after the boryokudan members leave and before checking the terminal return to the first screen . jet : when you can change between characters , go to hibiscus highrise and he is in the second to last level of stairs . faye : after curing paul erickson , return to the burned down hideout where you obtained the carbon ray stabilizer . ed/ein : as soon as you can get in the appartment building where paul erickson lives , go to the top floor and you will find ed next to the window . and you need to find them in the same playthrough to get the achievement . and . . . bonus !
en_recovery.txt is the text for a custom firmware 's recovery menu ; usersystemlib620.prx seems to be related to using cfw to play kingdom hearts : birth by sleep . they may be safe to delete if you do not run cfw , but as always , keep a backup of your files handy just in case .
npc names are saved as text in the world file . i am not aware of any save editor that can rename npcs at this point . however : there are currently* 35 possible names for the guide , and &mdash ; one of them is , in fact , brian . since the name is completely random each time , there is no telling how many of the gentle guides you will have to mercilessly eviscerate before finally getting a brian . although , at about the 24th slain guide , your chances of having gotten at least one brian will approach 50% . hex editing if you really want to rename your npcs badly , you can do so by editing your raw save file with a hex editor like hxd . this should go without saying , but make a backup first because it is very easy to fry your save file . currently* , the npc names are at the very end of the save file . they are saved as strings with length prefixes , so edit the name to be whatever you want , then edit the byte before it to reflect the length . for example , " brian " has 5 characters , so you had edit the preceding character to be \x05 ( enq ) . the maximum length for npc names is 22 , and obviously they will reset if the npc dies . * terraria 1.1
since it was i who wrote the referenced question , i might as well shed some light on the topic here . the protected servers i mentioned there are most likely tshock servers . tshock is an alternative dedicated server for terraria that adds in-game commands that enable , among other things , protection from griefing , spawning objects and enemies and privilege groups . at the time i write this tshock is not stable for terraria 1.1 yet , but in case you are interested you could have a look at tshock 's website .
checking both cheatcc and cheat code guides there doesnt seem to be an invincibility code , links below . http://www.cheatcc.com/xbox360/starwarstheforceunleashed2cheatscodes.html http://www.cheatscodesguides.com/xbox-360-cheats/star-wars-the-force-unleashed-2/
you need a better weapon . all of your summons ' ( zombie dogs , gargantuan , etc . ) damage is based off of your weapon damage . better weapon means they do more damage , and they should be able to counteract the vampire . if the boss also has desecrator , plagued or molten , you are in for some fun . the damage from these patches also heal it . try to keep your pets out of them , and most especially , keep yourself out of them , too , even if you do not notice yourself losing health . quite often , you will be standing on several patches ( especially plagued ) , and each one will heal it .
i do not think the ban wave is something you can predict by date . keep in mind that microsoft is not just banning any player , they are specifically banning players that they can reliably detect mods on . mods vs . microsoft is a back and forth game . the community releases a mod that is " undetectable " and some time later microsoft develops a way to track it . sometimes it can be tracked with current software , other times it requires a mini dashboard update before microsoft can detect it . but they will eventually find a way to detect it . once that system is in place , microsoft starts collecting accounts to ban . traditionally , microsoft has held on to these accounts until just before a big launch , as was the case with halo : reach . maybe they think banning right before a big game is going to get you to go out and buy a new console ? however , there is no guarantee that microsoft will ban people before any given game release . it depends on the cycle : is there a mod that is gaining in popularity ? has microsoft had the time to develop a reliable detection method for the most recent mod ? no one knows for sure , but the best way understand where we are in the cycle is to keep tabs on the modding community forums .
if you save the game just before getting an achievement on one region ( south east asia ) then you can load it on the america region and it will get it for you again . i did this during wings of liberty . when you go to load the game on the other region , click the icon under load with the 3 folders and it will open a new window like : c:\documents\starcraft ii\accounts\xxxxxxx\6-xxxxxxxx\saves\campaign you will need to up 3 directories and pull the saves from another region ( 6 = sea , 1 = americas ) be aware though that once they patch the game the in game saves are useless for achievements . as for multiplayer achievements you will need to get them again .
as the squad leader , you can set objectives by sighting in a target and pressing the ' back ' button ( left of the guide button ) . ( you receive additional points when those orders are executed . ) the easiest example would be in a game of conquest . point yourself at a capture point on hit the select button . ( xbox ) you can also set waypoints , and at some point the squad leader can call in artillery strikes . i am sure there are additional commands , and other methods based on the platform that you are playing on .
he will have the same moves every time . you can still have a victini with searing shot , however , by giving a heart scale to the move relearner .
if you go to your profile ( not your stats pages , but your user profile ) , the second " section " down will show your last 16 battle reports , i have not been able to find a way to see older reports . your profile is http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf3/user/&lt;soldier_name&gt;/
in the early game , shooting down ufos is going to be your only real source for these materials , so you are extremely limited to the amount of elerium and alloy you are able to acquire . as you progress into the later game , the more advanced aliens , namely heavy floaters , cyber disks , and sectopods , start to " drop " these items ( or are built out of them ) . in short , the only way to acquire these materials is to go on missions . shooting down a ufo ( or better yet , invading a landed ufo ) is the surest way to get these rarities .
rubbing is racing . be on the inside of the turn and use your opponent to help you make the turn . yes , this usually leaves your opponent eating wall ; just like they do to you when you are on the outside . only pass on the outside when you have got a speed advantage . you can get that speed advantage by tuning your car more than the opponents do . all my experience with the series leads me to only those two options ; either be more aggressive or be faster . or both . both is good . but being aggressive is easy and being faster takes a lot of skill and practice . make your choice !
as said , the first and the second weapon are one bundle , and the third and fourth weapons are another bundle . you will start with the bundle where your current equipped weapon is in . when you have equipped your third weapon , the second bundle will be equipped . example : weapon : shotgun weapon : pistol weapon : sniper rifle weapon : rocket launcher you have got equipped your rocket launcher and activate gunzerking you will take your sniper rifle and you will have your sniper rifle and your rocket launcher equipped . if youve got equipped your shotgun , youll take the pistol as second weapon . you can change your weapon bundle like you change the weapons without gunzerking , as far as i know its impossible to just change just one weapon when you have all the 4 weapons slots equipped . using the pc version at least , you can press two number keys , like 1 then 3 , you will equip the first gun in your left hand and the second in your right hand ( so right : shotgun , left : sniper , in this case ) . i do not know if there is a way to do this on console , though . edit 2: found some interesting facts on the gearboxsoftware forum : from top to bottom in your inventory , weapons 1 and 2 gunzerk with each other , and weapons 3 and 4 . if you only have 3 weapons , then the weapon you are holding will stay on the right , equipping the weapon 2 if you are using weapon 1 , vice versa , and weapon 1 if you are using weapon 3 . switching weapon will switch your right weapon , but your left weapon will not switch .
i believe it is non-deterministic . if you go digging behind the game , a mogma will pop up and give you hints on how to play . he says that smaller value rupees have fewer bad holes around them and that higher value rupees have more bad holes . this leads me to believe that the game builds each field randomly . there is not a set of pre-defined fields the game rotates between . the only thing that affects the field is the level at which you choose to play : beginner , intermediate , and expert . if you want some help playing the game , there is the thrill digger assistant/solver that will let you see the probabilities of finding good holes based on what you have dug up . happy digging !
if you remove a friend you will also be removed from their list : steam friend removal discussion you can block someone and you will then appear ' offline ' to them at all times ( they then cannot post on your profile either )
yes , you can do that using the command setstage &lt;quest ID&gt; &lt;stage ID&gt; . in your case , the quest id is 00014e8b , the current stage is 55 and the desired stage is 60 ( the wikia article you have linked lists the stages and their ids ) . the exact command you want is setstage 00014e8b 60 .
in ufo defence - unlike in eu2012 - corpses are never needed for secondary r and d once they have been autopsied . you can freely sell all but one corpse ( or , if you have already autopsied one , all of them ) . indeed , this is a major source of income earlier on , although selling unwanted ufo components and weapons generally outstrips it by the end of the first year . live aliens are a different story , since you can only interrogate each one once , but interrogating multiple live aliens of the same species and rank can give you new research each time - for example , interrogating a medic will get you information about other alien species , and an engineer will get you ufo data .
2 trophies and someone to help you get through the harder stuff should he have more weapons and knows the route/hero bolt locations/secret labs
there are at least three ways . unfortunately , none will work on your scenario . fling , when used with a corresponding status healing berry , should recover the status condition . however , it counts as a 10 power attack prior to causing the effect , so you would not even be able to throw a sitrus berry for healing before you would kill something at 1 hp . trick and all of its derivatives can be used to swap a status healing berry onto the target . none of the legendary beasts have held items to my knowledge , though , so this will not work . finally , the moves wake-up slap and smelling salts will cure sleep and paralysis respectively . but not only do they do damage , they do double damage to such an afflicted pokmon . so like fling , not viable .
as i have just completed campaign level 30 now , and can say that : campaign levels 28-29 earn 20 each . campaign level 30 earns 1000 . a reliable friend , who is a little ahead , tells me : campaign levels 31-35 earn nothing , and cost 100 each to unlock . and taken from here , this is ( some of ! ) the rest : campaign levels 1-5 and 7-9 earn 20 each campaign level 6 earns 100 still leaves 10-27 , and the tutorials , unaccounted for . . . tutorials ( just quickly ran through ) : tutorials 1 and 2 earn 20 each tutorial 3 earns 60
yes : go into your profile menu , and hit manage profiles . there should be a " register " menu option .
you could try using the no head bob mod .
if you do not open the sailcloth after the wing ceremony , link goes splat and you get to try again . repeat until successful . falling from a significant height without the sailcloth anywhere else in the game will damage you , but in this particular instance you will not get hurt . also note that the game will open the sailcloth for you when you are dropping to the surface from the sky .
there was some wonderfully scientific work done by scottes over on the gearbox software forums . he summarizes , " i can not tell the difference between fri and non-fri runs . " in other words , find rare items does nothing . here are his two posts on the topic : 1 and 2 .
it is difficult ! generally your best best is to plant something behind the cob cannons that will kill the imps quickly , e.g. a gattling pea or melon-pult . unfortunately from recollection they will still manage to take one bite . over a long game you will lose your cob cannon and have to start from scratch . your solution of cattails is a good one to have in addition to the above . actually if you are on a pool level you should plant your first cob cannons on the pool lanes , as those are not attacked by gargantuars . insta-kills such as the cherrybomb , squash , jalapeno or cob cannon itself work , though the first two require an open square next to the imp which is unlikely . the cob cannon also takes a few second to fire so you would need to be very quick . and do not forget you can use insta-kills on the gargantuars themselves before they throw the imp in the first place !
by default , most games do not have controller support . some of them do , especially newer ones . as time goes on more and more pc games are coming stock with controller support . a majority of them implement it very poorly , while very few actually have good ( and customizable ) controller support . i recommend using a third party solution globally regardless of what game you play ( whether it has support or not ) for one very important reason . the solution i will present to you , gives you 100% customization options , full support for all games , and comes pre-stocked with different " profiles " you can find to fill out controller controls per game . most are done by other gamers who have built them on their own while playing the game , and they get community ratings and supports so you can find out which ones are widely used , and liked . the app i recommend can be found here : http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/ it does cost money , but it is the best on the market . i have used controller support apps before that were free , and they never had the same level of customization , or power . they also do not feature the nicely built profile system to easily get new profiles instead of having to build the profile controls yourself . i personally stopped using the controller for most games on pc ( even though i use an alienware laptop ) . i started realizing that with a little bit of getting use to , most of the time the keyboard/mouse combo works the best , as that was how they were originally designed . although some games ( sleeping dogs for example ) have horrible pc/moues controls . most do the control schema very well . good luck , and let me know if you need more advice ! edit : below are a few profile links for some of the games you mentioned , and some other telltale games . http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/rogue-legacy http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/dont-starve
although this is somewhat subjective , i will make a list of things that i like more on sc2 than on sc1 . ( warning , spoilers might be found here ! ) : atmosphere - i feel a lot more drawn into the game , all those references to the original story are also very cool + the large amount of ingame cutscenes and even mini-movies are awesome ( the one with zeratul and kerrigan is my fav so far ) micromanagement of units - far better . great management of groups , no limit of units per group ( as far as i know ) . the ability to schedule commands is the best improvement in the game regarding control of units . a base can be build in a few clicks and you can focus on the fight nearby without interrupting to get back to the base and build the next building . upgrades - clever design of upgrades , often you have to choose which one you want because you cant have all . in most games , when you are rich you simply buy everything and thats it . not possible here ( talking about the campaign ) . better feel of the races - even more different units and structures than in sc1 saving - automatic saves at key points of the mission are handy . not sure if this was in sc1 too but i think it was not . single player - playing against a computer is now much better customized so choosing easy gives you really and easy game . this was not the case in sc1 where even the easiest oponent was tough for newbies . this was sometimes really frustrating . i think thats it , there are more things which i think are better , but they are really too subjective .
not yet , but blizzard will be adding a diablo3 web api ' soon ' http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804
as far as i know , no mod changes with the auto worker pattern . this is mostly because you need to specialize cities , which means that one size does not fit all . you also have to co-ordinate with the terrain you settle on . workers , and city planning are some of the hardest parts of the game . take a look at these guides at civfanatics . your basic plan for early game is to have 2 or 3 production cities , with lots of food and hammers , as well as 3-5 commerce cities , with cottages . you do not want cottages in your production cities radius , but you can have a mine in your commerce city , so that you can build things like libraries , banks , or other money or science boosting building .
like caleb said , command blocks are only on the pc/mac versions of minecraft . you can not craft a command block and can not even obtain it through creative mode . you have to enter this line in order to spawn one in : /give [player] command_block [amount]  they basically execute a command when given a redstone signal .
not heavy explosives , no . the floor of ufos ( including the outside roof , which counts as a floor , as far as the game is concerned ) are definitely destructible , but are quite durable . the internal floors / walls are slightly less durable . as you have seen yourself , shooting down a ufo causes one ( or more ) of their engines to explode , which has a chance to destroy the roof . unfortunately , terrain destruction requires a certain threshold of damage to trigger , and the only item in x-com 's arsenal strong enough to breach the hull of a ufo is the blaster launcher . it is worth noting that explosives always do a fixed amount of damage to terrain , so if one he explosive did not blow it up ( and/or change the tile to an alternate , " damaged " tile ) , the second one will not either . terrain can not take partial damage , so you can not detonate several he is over a couple of turns to get around this , either . finally , explosives in cannot stack . it is not viable , for instance , to throw 3 he onto the same tile to increase the damage dealt ; the terrain will only take damage from the first . this page in the ufopaedia has more .
as of now , deathwing is flying around the world , killing unsuspecting ( or very saavy and suspecting ) afk players to award them with the stood in the fire achievement . similar to the lich king in wrath and illidan in tbc , he is intended to be the ultimate villain of this expansion , and players can expect a final confrontation with him in a raid released in whatever the final content patch of this expansion cycle will be . given past trends , that'll probably be a patch 4.3 or patch 4.4 . between now and then , there is the twilights hammer , an old god , deathwings kids , and a whole lot of angry elementals to deal with , not to mention possibly some other big baddies we have not seen too much of yet this expansion like azshara perhaps .
in league of legends , shields come as additional health . that is to say , your health is increased by the shield value . with regard to this remark , the order has no interest for the hexdrinker . if your health + shield value drops below 30% , the hexdrinker shield is cast . as far as other cases are concerned , there seem to be multiple debates over the internet and the lol forums . the most convincing answer i found is that shields are consumed in a " first cast , first depleted " ( fcfd ) order . as the shields stack ( you can see that with the grey bar when multiple shields are on you ) , it would make sense to consume the first shield first to maximise the absorbed damage ( as the second shield should last longer in term of duration ) . nevertheless , it could happen that shield order and duration are not the same ( janna 's shield followed by blitzcrank 's shield for example ) . in that case , it would be more effective to consume janna 's shield first , but there is no mention of another behaviour anywhere . as a conclusion , " fcfd " order is the most probable answer , " earlier expiration depletes first " could be another approach but is less probable ( harder to program ) . finally " last cast , first depleted " could be the third way to do it , but is also less probable due to the unoptimised behaviour that will then occur . another remark , multiple casts of the locket of the iron solari shield have a special rule ( they do not stack and the effect is reduced ) .
platinum is gotten from the mine . sounds like you have gotten unlucky in that , though . what i do , if there is an item i really need from the mine , is i save the game before i do my mining , and reset if i do not get it . the items you get are random , so you can abuse this to ensure you get at least one item you want .
i was able to get this in a single player spec ops game by doing the following : take the self-revive at the start of the level call in a care package , which will be a sentry gun ( you can not decide what the package will contain , unlike in co-op ) call in another care package , which will be an arsenal ( ie , an xm-25+claymores ) there is no need to call in another package . i did call a third one in , which was a sentry gun again , but i did not pick it up . this did not seem to disqualify me . i assume if i would already used my self revive by this point , i would end up getting another . i will also add that i ended up using my self-revive , but never called in another . judging by the comments , this seems to be important . i also did not have to fire the xm-25 or set any of the claymores from the arsenal package .
while i can not speak for xbox 360 ( although it is likely the same or similar ) , the system settings menu in the playstation 3 and pc versions has four options : save on rest ( on/off ) save on wait ( on/off ) save on travel ( on/off ) save on character menu ( 5 , 10 , 15 , 30 , 45 , 60 minutes or disabled ) and , even considering the possibility that they do not enumerate all possible autosave opportunities in the settings , it did not save after i leveled up : no message in the upper-left hand corner , no lag associated with autosaving , and the autosave functionality kicked in on schedule at the 15 minute mark later on . i then confirmed this by loading my last auto save , which was before i leveled up . so level up has no effect on autosaving .
mobs definitely do spawn on soul sand , the solid block requirement is for the block graphically , and soul sand graphically is a solid block ( no transparency ) . i did test it with a glass enclosed room with a soul sand floor and zombie pigmen did spawn inside .
no . summoning durnehviir is not a conjuration spell - it simply functions in the same way as one , therefore obeying the same rules . only casting conjuration spells on valid targets increases the skill . how i can be so sure - i have got a variety ( if i tell you exactly how many , that means admitting how much time i have spent in tamriel ) of high level characters . i have never summoned anyone with most of them , and the only places they have ever earned conjuration skill points has been books . i had a quick check before posting , and summoning durnehviir did not change the progress at all on the little bar which tracks progress in a skill .
as jupotter notes , a constructed wall or floor will do the trick . if you are in a hurry , and happen to have some spare doors or hatch covers lying nearby , you may want to build one of those first and forbid it once it is done &mdash ; i believe building a door or hatch is faster than building a construction . however , you should generally not rely on doors and hatches alone to seal off passages unless you like living dangerously , since many tougher enemies , including forgotten beasts , can destroy them . however , there are two notable exceptions to that , one of which may be relevant here : building destroyers can not destroy artifact doors or hatches , and , for some reason ( which might constitute a bug ) they can not destroy hatches from below .
official information on this is pretty hard to come by , but there are 2 seperate pieces of information that point towards nephalem rifts being completely random and having content independent of their name . the first one is from the blizzcon 2013 ros panel : so what we have done is we have taken all of the tilesets , all of the dungeons in the game , and we organize them in new and interesting ways . so we have taken the cathedral , all the exteriors and all the monsters and shuffled them up . so every time you do one of these , its random . [ . . . ] so every time you transition from one level to another , it can be a different dungeon and it will have a different combination of monsters and we mix up the type of dungeons you are going through . for example well start with the cathedral , we can go into a root cave after that , go to crypt , or you can go to just one level which is just a big exterior zone . or you can go from exterior into a zoltun kulle dungeon or something like that . so there are all kinds of different ways we put this together and every time you do them it is different . in the beta forum there has also been a post by tsamis that heavily points towards the fact that rift names have no meaning at all : going forward , please try to include a link to a screenshot showing the environment of the rift you were in when you encountered the bug . if you are unable to provide a screenshot , please do your best to describe what the environment looks like ( i.e. . " the area looks similar to the keep depths" ) . the names of the rifts are randomized so including the name listed in the upper right corner of the screen does not really help us when we are trying to reproduce these issues internally .
pistons also have a . 5 tick on the end . the game gives off-tick checks to increase speed , to there are 2 game-ticks in every redstone tick . therefor 8 game-ticks , or 4 redstone ticks .
the cleanest way to get your equipment back is to complete the current quest . nobody dies , gets a bounty or tries to kill you . you are in a very unusual situation , possibly the only such situation in the game where an npc who could be a follower temporarily has the follower tag removed as part of a quest .
you can set quick buttons for the key items you frequently use . for instance , this thread is related . here is how you do it : go to your bag and select the key item : you will then find the REGISTER option . click on that . then depending on what items you register first , you will see them appear whenever you press y : here , i simply need to press right ( on any directional pad ) to access my super rod . [ sorry about the bad quality of the images ^^ ; ]
yes and no . you can not get off a taxi while it is traveling between flight nodes . this is very much by design as the taxi can not be used as a substitute for a flying mount . however , if your destination travels through another flight path node ( as indicated on the taxi map as a " flying boot " that intersects the line between you and your destination ) than you can choose to instead land at that node ( that is , get off at the " next stop" ) . to do this , simply log out of the game while in transit . when you log back in , you will still be on your taxi but it will land at the next flight node instead of your destination . note : using this method , you will only be billed for the flight nodes that you reached - saving you some gold .
yes , the mighty eagle kills all the pigs in the level , even if you throw it backwards off the screen . however , the eagle will not destroy all the blocks on the screen , as you said . the mighty eagle is kind of like a mini game within angry birds that passes the level for you that you can only use every hour . source : i just tried it out on my itouch .
obviously all of these are going to be put in spoilers . . . bubble gun take a bottle of jellyfish juice back to mimiga village and use it on the fire in king 's house . you will reveal the bubble gun . fireball get from santa after rescuing him machine gun trade the polar star to curly . locks out the snake and the spur . king 's sword i think you can actually miss this if you do not talk to king after your battle with mutated torako . snake trade the fireball and polar star to the bug mechanic in the catacombs . locks out the spur . spur with the booster 2.0 and the polar star , return to the cave you start in at the beginning after fighting the island core for the first time and returning to the deserted mimiga village . once you reach the gunsmith who you got the polar star from and give it back , he will transform the polar star into the spur . nemesis find the tiny man in the mimiga village graveyard ( should be near the knife-weilding enemy ) after talking to his family underneath the outside side of the island ( just to the right of dragon egg 00 in the egg corridor ) . take him back to his family , then talk to him . he will offer to trade you the nemesis for king 's sword .
enemy levels determine the target time for a battle , and consequently , these post-battle stats : points per second score stars tp recovery item and shroud drop chance based on the game mechanics guide on gamefaqs : target time given : target time t hp at start of battle h enemy level l highest party member attack power ap atb level a thus :  T = (H * L / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  if enemy level l is less than or equal to 50 , otherwise :  T = (H * 50 / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  points per second given : points per second p target time t thus :  P = 10,000 / T  score given : score s points per second p target time t battle duration d thus :  S = (T - D) * P + 10,000  stars , tp recovery , rare drop chance , shroud drop chance
you need 1 ship , light or heavy , per colonial province that you own . the location of the ships is irrelevant , you can have all your ships in a big fleet in port and you will still get no penalty . colonial nations like spanish brazil handle their own fleet and are not part of the colonies you need to produce fleets for . you can check how many ships you have and need on the economy screen , under tariffs .
the xbox 360 version has kinect support , which is exclusive to this version . the pc version requires origin , which is a bit stricter/more intrusive drm than either of the other two platforms . however , this also means it is digitally distributed as opposed to needing to purchase a physical disc . the playstation 3 never had the original mass effect , ( at that time , the game was an xbox 360 platform exclusive property on consoles ) so you may be at a slight disadvantage if you would have made different choices in the original game that effect the starting point for this game . for instance , your choices in me1 near the end of the game change certain war assets in this game . aside from these differences , i am not aware of any platform-specific dlc exclusives for any of the three versions . there were a few pre-order bonuses which could be considered platform exclusives , for instance preordering the pc version via origin would have secured you a at-12 raider , which is a unique shotgun .
no , since 5+ connected orbs do a mass attack . but , if you were to connect 4 orbs then 4 more it would work . the lines of orbs can not be touching of course .
the step-by-step guide to turning pig-tails into useable cloth is as follows : grow pig-tails , or order your herbalists to scrounge the caverns for ' naturally grown ' pig-tails . at a farmer 's workshop ( b - w - w ) , order a dwarf to p rocess plants , turning the raw plant into usable plant threads . this task requires the " thresher " labor at a loom ( b - w - o ) , order a dwarf to w eave cloth ( plant thread ) . this task requires the " weaving " labor . at a clothier 's workshop ( b - w - k ) , finally you can order a dwarf ( with the clothesmaking labor ) to make cloth bags . ( select cloth , rather than silk or yarn , and then select bag , which is either ' n ' or ' b' ) .
the way to counter this is similar to the way you counter other " fast " decks ( fast = lots of card draw and mostly low-cost cards ) . there are actually several general approaches and one specific approach that applies only to the northshire cleric and not to other fast deck strategies : get lucky , and draw into something that you can use to eliminate the northshire cleric on turn 1 - 3 . you can improve your chances a lot by having 2-cost minions that deal 3 damage , or if your class has a low-cost direct damage like the mage 's frostbolt , you can eliminate it with pure removal . use hard removal on the cleric . hard removal like polymorph , hex and assassinate costs more mana than damage-based removal , but by turn 4 you are likely to have some if you take it , and that should stop their card advantage . follow up with aoe to clear their board , or get minions that usually trade 2 for 1 ( e . g . chillwind yeti , or most things that have more than 5 health ; having 4 attack is extra good because priest can not use power words to remove it ) . by the way , the most mana-effective hard removal for super buff decks ( whether northshire or any other minion is the recipient of the buffs ) is the warrior 's execute ; if you go warrior and you are concerned about this type of deck , you had be a fool not to take as many executes as you can get ( unless you go arena and simply do not draw them ) . it is 1 cost , and all you have to do is somehow damage the minion at all -- even if it costs you a minion of your own -- and you can remove the priest 's source of card draw . sure beats the 5-cost assassinate of the rogue , unless you absolutely do not have any means of damaging the northshire cleric at all , in which case assassinate is better ( it is still poor value to waste an assassinate on a cleric , though ; if you are contemplating that kind of play , you probably already lost . ) specific to the northshire cleric : if you simply do not play any minions while you are unable to deal with it , the northshire cleric can not draw any cards , because it will not be damaged . the priest may be able to play a neutral card that damages their own minion and then heal it , but that is much less optimal value-wise for the priest than to attack with the northshire cleric into one of your minions that does less than 3 damage . long story short is , if you do not have any 3-damage minions in your opening hand and the enemy plays a northshire cleric , then do not play any minions until you can remove the cleric in one turn . if you can not eliminate it early game , and the enemy buffs its hitpoints to ridiculous levels , and you do not draw hard removal , you are kinda up a creek ; gg . but that is true every time you face a priest , northshire or no , because the buff potential is still there with something like a mogushan warden followed by power word shield and inner light , or an injured blademaster with similar . if you are feeling super confident in your ability to get superior value trades ( cards with stats like 2/3 , 4/5 , 4/6 , 6/7 , 4/2 with divine shield , etc . are good value trades ) , you can let the enemy get a full hand ; you can even push them over their 10 card limit and make them lose several cards by giving them even more cards , using something like coldlight oracle or king mukla , which both give the enemy 2 cards . you can even attack into the cleric and heal it yourself ( if you are a priest , or have a voodoo doctor or something ) and you can make your opponent lose quite a few cards this way if they are overdrawn . this can win you the late game due to fatigue or the enemy running out of cards , but to pull it off , you need excellent value cards , good trades , taunt to prevent rushdown , aoe to clear their flooded board , and make every minion count . silence the northshire cleric using an ironbeak owl , the silence spell , etc .
it seems to be a know issue : eambo : thanks . for now the only solution is to get level 11/21 unfortunately , but riot are aware of this and it'll hopefully be fixed next patch . sorry for the inconvenience :- ( from http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=1090010
yes - the missing link contains spoilers . the missing link dlc stands apart as an episode by itself , even though the timeline in which is happens is during the main story ; it takes place chronologically just before the last mission in the main story of human revolution . ideally , you want to play up to the last mission in human revolution , save your game , play through the missing link dlc , and then finish the last mission . alternatively you can play through the whole of human revolution and then play the missing link as explained in this existing answer ( contains spoilers ) . i would not , however , play the dlc before the last mission as it does contain information explaining the story in the main game .
bears are tough . a few tips : try upgrading your equipment if you have smithing , and either dual-wield swords ( if that is your weapon of choice ) and attack with both ( both mouse buttons simultaneously on pd ) or use a sword and a shield . it is possible that it is just too early to do what you are trying to do . level up a bit further before trying to progress the main storyline . do a few side quests , get better weapons and armor , get a few perks in light armor and one-handed weapons . do not forget to bring potions !
looking around on the guidescroll warframe guides i have found the following information : grineer : takes bonus damage from armor piercing . corpus : takes bonus damage and gets staggered by electricity . infested : takes bonus damage and some gets staggered by fire , some are immune to electricity . freeze damage dose 200% damage to shields where all other damge type do 100% damage . most enemies will recive a bonus resist based on there level that is subtracted from your damage . damage is listed as normal hit/weakpoint hit , for most that is body/head . grineer everything is armored except for melee grineer . normals include trooper , lancer , etc . heavy include bombadier and gunner . shield grineer takes damage as normals , but recives 2 levels less resistance . commander-normal is the same as heavy but immune to electrical/fire damage , ap/freeze not tested . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical sawmen 100%/300% 100%/200% 100%/200% 100%/200% 100%/200% normals 33%/100% 150%/300% 37.5%/75% 16.5%/33% 20%/40% heavy 66%/200% 100%/200% 50%/100%+ 50%/100% 50%/100% corpus crewmen are armored . they are staggered by electricity . moa 's weak point is there midsection/gun . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical crewmen 81%/0% 100%/2000% 33%/100% 75%/200% 160%/400% moa 100%/200% 50%/100% 50%/100% 50%/100% 200%/400% osprey 100% 100% 100% 100% 200% cameras 100% 100% 100% 100% 200% infested normals include chargers , leapers , runners , etc . ancient heads/bodies and crawler bodies are armored . normals and ancients are staggered by fire . crawlers have 3 areas of damage body/legs and arms/head . ancients have 3 areas of damage body/head/lower legs and arms . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical normals 100%/200% 50%/100% 200%/400% 100%/200% 50%/100% nauseous crawler 66%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% 125%/200%/400% 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% crawler 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% 100%/200%/400% 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% ancients 25%/75%/100% 100%/200%/100% 37.5%/75%/200% 25%/50%/100% 0%
there are several different things that determine good or bad picks in league tournaments or 5v5 team rankeds in general . tl ; dr answer bad picks are picks which : the player does not play often do not match the team composition are usually weak and where the conditions for them being strong are not met are used as a surprise pick and do not work out counter themselves ( in high lvl play usually against surprise picks that do work out ) are picked instead of a pick that would cripple the enemy team ( picking something they usually play for example ) in-depth answer first of all : the tier list as most people know there is a tier list for solo queue . but since you are asking about the ogn/lcs games i will take a bigger look into the 5v5 tier list . the team tier list is not too different from the soloqueue one but it is not that relevant . the soloqueue tier list focusses on the potential of a champion carrying a game alone . the team list focusses on the team ( fighting ) ablitiy of a champion . you also have to keep in mind that the champion tier list itself for 5v5 is not that relevant just because there is another list of team compositions and strategies . this brings us to the next point : team compositions the team comp is the most important factor in team rankeds/tournaments . currently i would say the most used comps are : wombo combo the wombo combo team is the most used teamcomp within unexperienced players since it is easy to follow . most unexperience players will just think " hey if we win teamfights we win the game so we will just pick amumu , kata , mf , leona , renekton " . this might be true but in higher level play the wombocombo can be easily countered since it really relies on teamfights and going as 4 or 5 . pro strong teamfights , can turn a game instantly , sieging against such a team is really risky con needs to teamfight , weak when alone , actually the team that get 's countered the most . exaple champions leona , amumu , miss fortune , ziggs , orianna strongest phase mid-late movementspeed comp the movementspeed comp became more popular during season 3 especially with the support and sivir rework . it is one of the stronger but harder to pull off team comps since you have to time right . it is also more or less a teamfight composition but you are not dependent on teamfighting as much as a wombo combo team . your strenght lies in structure control and the ability to engage and/or disengage fast . you could for example go as 5 to mid when only 2 people guard the turret , take it down and use your movementspeed to get away again pro very fast , good teamfights , strong disengage , quck turret kills . con sieging/defending is not that good usually , most comps lack cc in supporter or toplaner . example champions sivir , lulu , karma , sona , mundo , shyvana , udyr strongest phase mid-late poke comp the poke comp is also another rather old and commonly known composition . it is basically just a bunch of champions that can sustain themselves and/or the team while poking the enemy down and forcing them to go back . this means that this team excels at objective control ( have you ever tried to do baron against nidalee/jayce ? ? ) and sieging but it is greatest weakness are of course teamfights . this comp is pretty strong against movementspeed comps but it usually gets wrecked by a well played wombo combo team . pro great poke , great sustain , best sieging potential , best objective control cons cannot teamfight , movementspeed reliant , usually low amount of hard cc and disengages . example champions nidalee , ziggs , jinx , jayce , varus , gragas strongest phase midgame global ultimates well as the name suggests , these are mostly champions with global or semi global ultimates . this comps strength lies in surprise ganks and splitpushing while its biggest weakness is it is champion pool . there are not really many champions with global ultimates and most of them got nerfed since this method was an almost guaranteed win in earlier tournaments . they do not really get countered by any of the other comps but they also do not really do that well currently . this is mostly because of all the champ nerfs . pro split pushing , good objective control , ability to teamfight anytime from anywhere . cons champions are weak . example champions nocturne , shen , karthus , pantheon , twisted fate strongest phase midgame catcher comp this comp focusses on catching champions off guard and/or taking down high priority targets like an adc quickly . they usually have lots of single target burst and one or two assassins that can get in and out quickly . their biggest strenght lies in the early game and it forces the enemy to stay in a group since they can not really risk staying alone and getting caught . their weaknesses are teamfighting and their dependency on snowballing . if you screw up early game with a comp like this the game is pretty much over . pro target lock down , control of the enemy team , splitpushing . con teamfights are hard , if you can not kill the high priority target the teamfight is over , really risky to use in high level play . example champions lee sin , kha'zix , leblanc , elise , thresh , leona strongest phase early-mid we-play-what-we-can-play-best comp this comp usually leads to the " we lost because of bad picks " comments . it is usually playing champions that people are the strongest with but ignoring the real composition of the team . while this may work out for solo queue it is usually a bad thing to pull off in team rankeds/tournaments . the only cases it really works is when you pick a guy that play a champ well and you build the team around it ( overpow on kayle for example ) . the problem is that your main champions will get banned in tournaments and very high elo teamrankeds since you exactly know who your opponent is . pro you can play what you are best with con your champions can be banned , rest of team has to build around your champ . example champions insert your favorite champions here strongest phase insert strongest phase of your favorite champion here of course there are some other comps but these are the most frequently used ones that can really be categorized now to the last point : the enemy team in challenger team rankeds and tournaments you will know who your opponent is . thus you are ( or should be ) informed of their main champions and their main strategies . when picking or banning champs on such a level you can not just go for the " oh i am going to ban kassadin because he is op " tactic but you have to pick and ban against the enemy team . this is also really different from soloqueue . while in soloqueue you should follow the order : pick what i can play best > pick what matches the team = pick what counters the enemy in high level premade play you have to go for : pick what counters the enemy > pick what matches the team > pick what i can play best ( of you should be able to play the champion you are going to pick decently ) remember that you can ban away the main champ of their player with the smallest champion pool . this offers a great opportunity to win a game . also if you do not fail completely with a certain champ that the enemy is good with you can pick it away from the enemy . when you do not follow that order this often leads to these players saying " we had bad picks " . because they knew " player x is going to pick champion y and we got wrecked by it the last 3 games but i will try to pick a counter to it " . and instead of taking the champ away from this player they just tried to counter it . a closer look into viable champions now back to the different tier lists . as already mentioned the composition or synergy of different champions is much more important than the position in the tier list for team rankeds but this does not mean you can play heal+revive jungle soraka just because it matches your team in a certain way . first of all we have to keep in mind : the tier list is not perfect it is actually just a list written by pro players based on statistics and personal experience . also if you only play god-tier champions in soloqueue you will not jump from bronze to diamond in one day . this list only describes the potential of a perfectly played champion and not the percentage of games actually won by this champion ( if you want plain statistics check out op . gg ) . of course this also means that certain champions that might be really strong most of the time can be absolutely useless against a special teamcomp . in general it is of course safe to pick champions that are higher in the tier list but there are some exceptions to this ( talon for example is a terrible team pick but is great for soloqueue ) . on the other hand there are many champions that are lower in the tier list but can be really strong in team rankeds ( take shen for example ) . you can basically play every champ if you know that it will work . the tier list and meta games are usually created during tournaments . of course the patches etc are another factor but have you ever seen a toplane mundo before the popular guys played it ? mundo was a champion that was not touched for like a year or so and the mastery changes were not that extreme . he was a viable pick before but no pro player picked him in major tournaments . surprise picks also happened this season which will work out if you know how to play this champion right ( teemo pick in the tsm vs c9 for example ) . so another thing that can be a reason why people are talking about bad picks is either because they tried the surprise pick ( high risk , high reward ) and lost , or if they lost against it because they sticked to their usual playstyle and/or tier-list . preparation now this only counts for tournaments . you can prepare to a certain degree in high level teamrankeds by knowing all the teams in your elo but you will only be able to exactly know what or who you are against the next ( few ) game ( s ) . the preparing the team for the upcoming match is mostly job of the team coach . the players only have to put the theory into practice ( sure sometimes they have to learn certain champions but when it comes to picks and bans it is mostly theory ) . i personally won two tournaments with my team because our enemies did not prepare as much as we did . and by preparing i do not mean " hey i am gonna check out his lolking and then i know what champions he picks " . no . i mean analysing the playstyle of every single player in the enemy team . you have to find out how they handle different situations . clg is a good example of a team that relies on a good but risky strategy . they almost always play lategame comps . so what should you do ? you pick a team that wrecks the enemy early so there will be no lategame . finding out favorite champions of players is an important thing too of course but the playstyle of a player will tell you more than his match history . you have to watch previous matches , previous tournaments and maybe even scrim with them . as soon as you know how they play you can start counterpicking and counterbanning . i do not really know how much of a problem too little preparation is in lcs but i think even there you will sometimes lose because of it . also always remember that not kills , gold or baron win the game . those help you winning but the actual goal is to kill the nexus ( sometimes i feel like even pros forget this ) . no matter how many kills you get . when your toplaner is always mid to gank , top will get pushed and maybe even to the inhibitor/nexus which will cost you the game . and there are only two results : win or lose .
while not much ( or pretty much nothing ) is known about crusaders , there is a bit of info on the net . what i found here ( even tho ' i realize it is not a 100% trustworthy source ) is : class-specific items flails crusader shields there is no other info that i could find about class-specific crusader items yet .
there are 14 secret goals to be found in the game . here 's the list and where they are .
i do not think so . maybe it can be the case with spas-12 ( due to its ammo nature ) . however , obviously , the he grenade ( and hk-69 ) allows you to kill more than one player with one grenade . . .
if you have a look at diabro3 . com it will help you figure out what monster power level you should be farming if you are aiming for efficiency . just type in in your battle tag and select your region . it will also help you by showing you which areas of you gear need upgrades .
at the moment , not really . you can eat them , of course : ) ( and it sounds like fbueckert has been doing just that ! ) eating them still provides nourishment , but also causes food poisoning . some folks have collected them for sale at the junk market , too . i suspect most just discard them , though . time permitting , i may add new uses for them in the future ( e . g . crafting recipes ) , but for now , that is all they do .
the story states that the memories are stored in the dna ; thus he must be related to them both in order to have have their dna within him . coincidentally , 1up just ran a feature on the worst of video game science and because of the storing of memories in dna they mentioned that there is about 1.5gb of information contained within our dna ( both in useful genes and in the filler space ) . the article does not mention that since half of your dna comes from your mother and half from your father you had wind up with some seriously disjointed memories .
in tournament play , it will register how many wins you get during the period of validity of the tournament ( displayed on the popup when you hover it ) . you can then compete with other players in the leaderboard . random matches are more casual . it will track your total win ratio but nothing more .
when i started the new tekkit i also ran into this problem . some things that i started doing with it were : using the minium stone to turn it into clay then from clay to clay blocks then from clay blocks to iron . the conversion rate is terrible and it is a bit time consuming but it really helps clean up your chests . you can turn it into glass . glass is used in all sorts or recipes ; the way you make glass is to pulverize it into sand , then toss the sand into a furnace . you can turn it into lava for magmatic engines .
with a couple of obvious exceptions you can take as long as you like to go from one case point to the next , it is even encouraged that you detour to do things like street crimes . you will not be penalized in any way for taking too long to get to the next objective ( unless the story states it ) . however you do lose points for causing accidents and damaging property , as this is more likely the longer you drive around it will have an impact on your case . this is why at the end of each desk you can open free roam and go mop up street crimes , go site seeing etc . this way there is no chance of it impacting the case you are in . it is one per desk as street crimes are locked to a certain desk and open during a certain case , but stay open from then on as long as you in the right time slot .
after you reset your quests , this will allow you to redo the follower quests as well ( given you have reached that part of the campaign ) .
well , i did some research , and here are my findings : yes , you can use burn cards . yes , they are burned , and then can not be used in multiplayer .
every classes first companion has three major quests that will take you off the ship ; one per act . this is in addition to the ' quests ' that are your on-ship conversations with all of your crew members . these , like the three ' major ' quests , are unlocked by a combination of affection and class story progression . if you get your companion affection substantially ahead of the plot curve ( say , via gifts ) , you can use these conversations to see a nice xp boost at the start of each chapter .
of course ! engraving is one of the most reliable ways to identify wands . see this page from the wiki on how to use engraving to identify your wands . a little usage advice : first , engrave ( with your fingers f . ex . ) a normal elbereth , because some wands like polymorph are only identified , when you engrave somewhere where you have something else engraved already . second , also when engraving with the wands , write an elbereth . never engrave any other text , because 1 ) elbereth is always good to have and 2 ) writing elbereth as opposed to anything else improves your wisdom stat .
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
i personally spawned a shotgun and used it to destroy the barrels and that was it . so basically i think the easiest way is to spawn any type of weapon and use it to destroy the barrels ( when you hold the weapon , click on barrel , then click on attack option ) . there might be more ways to solve that one , but i think destroying them is the simplest and fastest way .
it seems like you just have to survive three waves when the van is hanging , without shooting the wires that hold it up . the van will drop without you having to do anything . this video might also be helpful :
given the attack target priority , a unit will attack units over the barracks . overlords tie with other hostile units , so they are treated equally . in your zerg example , there is nothing that would tell the ai to favor other zerg units as opposed to overlords except the player 's micro . in terms of the terran example , the units should favor the opponent 's hostile units over the barracks . what may have been happening is that , given nothing else in range , they continued to attack the barracks . in this case , moving the stalkers so that they are in range of units with higher attack priorities should cause them to favor the opposing army over the barracks in the sky .
nope . the only thing that has an effect on your stealth skill is . . . well , your stealth skill itself . it can go from 0-10 , but this value is the only thing that matters outside of smoke bombs ( which keep you hidden for 5 seconds regardless of what armor you are wearing ) .
it depends on the game . as you have found out , mass effect 3 requires online authorization for all dlc ( but not for the base game , so they can claim to not require online mode while effectively crippling the game in offline mode ) , so you cannot load a save that has dlc data ( basically any save that was made in online mode if you have me3 dlc ) . you can start a new me3 game without dlc in offline mode , but it will get dlc data written to it once you load it and make a save in online mode .
despite needing to update mass effect 3 to run it , that patch was not the patch containing the resurgence pack ( as i had assumed ) . if you had like to use the new maps ( and eventually , weapons / characters ) , you need to actually access the dlc via " dlc " from the main menu - you can then " buy " the dlc for 0 biowarepoints , afterwhich , it will install and be available for use in multiplayer . kinda convoluted , and not intuitive at all . ( especially since it is free - why not simply patch the game to add the content if everyone gets it ? )
it is 10% of the original , maximum durability . additionally , since the cost of repairs scales linearly with durability loss , and since item condition is a binary ( either an item is broken , and contributes no stats , or it is not , and contributes all stats ) , it does not matter when you repair , so long as you do so before the first item hits 0 .
if you are asking if you can use a hard drive meant for the new style 360 ( the slim model ) with an old style 360 , the answer is you can not . the original hard drives attach to the outside of the console , while the new ones are smaller ( physically ) and slide into the console itself . as for replacing other parts - i would recommend against doing any maintenance yourself . you will void your warranty ( if it is still active ) , and in general the console is not meant to have user replaceable parts . re-reading your question , do you mean that the optical drive is scratching your discs ? you might try installing the game to the hard drive . it will still need to read everything on the disc to copy it , but at least once that is successful it will not have to read anything from the disc ( aside from the initial check when starting the game ) .
a large part of spore is about community-created content , but if you look for gameplay on youtube you are only going to find videos people recorded to share with other players . so i would not consider that meaningful . whether galactic adventures makes the game richer is really a matter of opinion . it adds some features , listed on their site , and more parts , etc . to customise your species -- so if you enjoyed the vanilla experience then you might find that it improves it .
i went digging in the source code ( gotta love open source games . . . ) first , you have to pass a random check for success ( i have not been able thus far to trace back what the " default " value for this is . . . ) , and then the game will attempt to place the new industry in a random location . if this fails , it tries to orient the industry differently , until it runs out of potential orientations . it then picks another location and tries again , up to 5,000 times . height does not appear to be a factor , but proximity to another industry of the same type does , and i believe that it is checking to make sure it can " land " the industry on flat ground . the lesson here is twofold - one , there is a chance to fail , period . you might just be unlucky . secondly , there is a chance that it will attempt to place a new industry and fail , due to bad luck or overcrowding when picking the tiles to place the industry on .
tl ; dr if everyone you know is dead , no cheering . if they lived , yay ensues . image taken from this video . here be spoilers ! if shepard chose to destroy the reapers , a big wave of flame sweeps over the earth . if you have a low effective military strength ( ems ) score , the cut scene will show the flame wave destroying everything in it is path , including reapers , buildings , and humans . earth is destroyed . if you choose to destroy the reapers with a medium ems then the humans live , however earth is heavily damaged by the blasts and buildings get vaporized . if you have a higher ems , the energy wave destroys the reapers but leaves buildings intact , and does not kill the humans . earth is not destroyed . if shepard chose to control the reapers , the cutscene will show some electric activity on the reapers , and the reapers will leave earth . with a low ems , many buildings are destroyed in the process . with high ems , buildings remain intact . if shepard chose the synergy path , the reapers depart from earth and earth is saved . in cases where humans survived , the soldiers on the ground cheer as the reapers either leave earth or are destroyed . to find out exactly what levels are needed , check out this answer .
the gray order is a sort of rebel group formed by gregori hastur , a warlock , and his wife amoline , who is a witch . because of several attempted coups against their leadership , the immortal general boram darkwill , any political groups or politically motivated citizens of noxus that are not the same as the governments are violently put down . because hastur and amoline believe in practising and learning the dark arts/black magic while leaving their neighbors and other countries in peace ( pretty much heresay in militaristic noxus ) they were cast out of the country . since i can not imagine they had be welcome anywhere else , hastur and amoline ( annie 's parents ) left the country in an exodus , bringing with them other intellectuals and magicians of the dark arcane arts in order to study it and learn its secrets in relative peace . they have made a colony beyond the great barrier ( inhospitiable lands destroyed by the rune wars that used to be fought all over the continent . which is why there are so few counties left i suppose ) in what are called the " voodoo lands " , which are especially hostile lands north of the great barrier . annie 's bear , tibbers , is an example of the wild life that can be found in the voodoo lands . this means several strong , deadly bears just as bad as tibbers , or worse , are constantly near the colony . since the colony still survives with those things nearby and in such a harsh place it can be said that the gray order is somewhat powerful in that its members are adept with their knowledge of the dark arcane . annie 's parents have some sort of reputation for being powerful wizards as well , which adds to the supposed strength of the gray order , as they are known as the gray warlocke and the shadow witch , respectively . this is all from annie 's lore , so far no other mention of the gray order can be found ( by me anyway . there might be small tidbits in the journal of justice that i havent found yet . ) speaking of which , the only place where you could find more information on the gray order would be the journals of justice avaliable under the lore section in the lol game client lobby . however , i do not recall anything being said about them , but feel free to look here : http://na.leagueoflegends.com/story/issue-1-13-july-20-cle from that page ( the first issue ) you can access all the other and see if there is any more lore about the gray order .
for the iphone version , i recommend using marigolds on lvl 1.1 ( only the base zombie ) basically you want to set up 3 lanes of marigolds with a single garlic at the front to divert the zombie into the other 2 lanes . i hope this unicode art makes sense legend : s = sunflower/twinsunflower m = marigold p = peashooter g = garlic x = gold magnet shrooms t = tallnuts w = spikeweeds the idea is to slow down how you kill the zombies . so as quickly as possibly , place the garlics to direct the zombies into the two lanes that are protected . after the initial setup , it is just a matter of placing the marigolds as quickly as possibly . edit : i should have said that you place the gold magnet shrooms so that you get automatic coin collection ; having two means less chance of a miss .
the guild finder tool does exist in-game , but it is not widely used , since many people believe you have to be guild-less to use it . you can bring it up using the /gf command . there are some external resources , though . blizzard hosts a guild recruitment forum on their own site that is pretty widely used and is probably your best bet to find a match just by looking through the threads until you find something good . there are a couple other forums for guild recruitment , such as the elitist jerks forums , mmo-champion , or tankspot . there are also some standalone websites , but i am not sure about their quality . guildster wowmatcher wowstead p.s. - if you are looking for a pvp guild , i would recommend checking on arena junkies .
after some testing it does appear that multiple hits by using the ' split ' rune will trigger multiple effects from the ' prodigy ' passive ability . with this in mind in conjunction with the thread you have linked for electrocute , i believe it safe to state that the ' prodigy ' passive will proc every single time one of the signature abilities hits . this should mean that the ' spectral blades ' ability is overpowered for arcane power regeneration . after some further testing with spectral blades i can confirm this is actually how the ' prodigy ' passive works ( one attack with spectral blades on a group of 7 enemies resulted in my arcane power going from ' nearly empty ' to ' nearly full ' in one attack ) . my methodology for testing : act 1 inferno , first quest arcane orb as my secondary attack prodigy active as one of my passives magic missiles + split rune as my primary attack in the first pass run out past rumford at the gate into old tristram road , you will meet a pack of 6-8 mobs empty arcane power using arcane orb attack the group observe results what i found : magic missiles without the split rune will provide less arcane power than with the split rune spectral blades on a large group will provide arcane power back for every enemy that is hit electrocute will provide arcane power for targets hit by the chained element of the attack conclusion : the ' prodigy ' passive ability does exactly what it says it does . when you deal damage with a signature ability with the ' prodigy ' passive enabled , you will get 4 arcane power per enemy that is damaged during that cast . this stacks with the equivalent runes on the abilities themselves , so you can use prodigy + siphoning blades , for example .
have you tried setting a static dns server in your xbox 's network config ? the people in this thread seemed to have good luck with that as a fix to this problem .
the default texture resolution is 16x16 . any higher resolutions require a client mod .
if defeating these guys is pretty important to you , spend the extra 40 or 50 k ( depending on how far in you are ) on a large health regen potion . this makes the first battle easier and puts the focus on the second ( it stops after the first battle and does not give time in the second ) . for the vile blade 45k is not really asking much . i would suggest dual-wielding for this battle , considering shields are rendered obsolete due to the bog giant/moss golem 's high level of block breakage . in addition to that , make sure your ring has a health or at least shield attack , because these guys hit hard no matter how good you are at dodging or parrying .
other than having a low item and level dependency ( as mentioned here ) a good roamer needs to be able to do a few things : counter-jungle deny the opponent 's solo gank i will talk about why each of these are important , and what champions other than alistar fit these roles very well . counter-jungling counter-jungling is simply screwing with the enemy jungler . junglers are countered by stealing their buffs and denying respawn . stealing buffs can be crippling to many junglers , as buffs are needed for clearing the jungle faster and ganking . for example , a jungler without crowd control needs lizard to slow when ganking . a jungler who needs their abilities to jungle effectively ( nunu/shaco ) relies heavily on golem . stealing either of these will not only deny the jungler experience but likely prevent them from ganking other lanes , making your allies lives easier . denying respawn is simply done by killing the highest experience value creep in a camp of the enemies jungle . this gives less experience to the enemy jungler and the creeps will not respawn until the jungler kills the entire camp . good creeps to do this with are the big banshee , big wolf , lizard , and golem . keep in mind that going for enemy buffs is extremely risky ; most teams will actively protect their jungler and you might mind end up in a 1v3 . a roamer needs to be able to deal with this . denying solo simply put , prevent your opponent 's solos from getting experience . running into a lane and harassing the solo enough that they have to blue pill back home is basically all that you need to do . this gives your team 's solos some free time to level and get last hits without harassment . ganking this largely happens along with denying solo . in order to do this a roamer needs crowd control so that your allies can get in to do damage . even if your gank fails , as long as you manage to get the enemy champion to blue pill back home you have successfully given your allies an opportunity to freely farm their lanes . an important thing to remember is that you do not want to get the kill from a gank , unless the target will escape without you taking the kill . it is more important for your carries to get the gold in order to carry your team late game . the glue that keeps it together to accomplish the above goals you need to move quickly . this usually depends on the boots you choose , but getting the gold for those boots can be difficult as a roamer , so inherent speed is important . the less time you spend getting from lane to lane the less experience you will lose while traveling . although this is not a huge deal , because you losing experience means your allies are gaining more , you still need to be able to travel quickly in order to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves . fast traveling means you can run to the enemy jungler when you see him at the buff you warded , run to a lane to gank , or escape from a nasty scenario where the enemy team decides they do not like you roaming . alternatives to alistar addressing all of the above roles , i have a few champions suggestion other than alistar . as stated in other answers , a champion who can jungle tends to make a good roamer , because both roamers and junglers have similar roles ( deny solo , gank , counter-jungle ) . nunu in particular is a great roamer because of his abilities . consume is a natural smite , ideal for stealing buffs . my games usually start with me warding the enemy lizard or golem ( depending on the enemy jungler ) , and waiting until they bring the creep down low so i can flash in and consume . if that proves too risky i waltz to the banshees and consume big banshee for an easy respawn denial . blood boil is a great way to get around the map quickly , especially with boots of mobility . less time traveling means you lose less experience and get more opportunities to be present for a gank or push . you can also cast on an ally to make them even deadlier during a gank while still getting the advantage for yourself . ice blast is a wicked ganking tool , providing a massive slow that is a nice lead into the ultimate absolute zero . the combo should give your allies plenty of time to run in and take out the target , but be careful not to take the kill with absolute zero 's high damage . evelynn also makes a good roamer . her ganking is ridiculous , and i will not bother going over how it works . instead of stealing buffs , unless you have smite , she tends to be more effective at scaring off junglers when they try to take a buff . especially at level 1 , many junglers get very low hp while taking golem or lizard . it is an ideal time to kill them with a stun/ignite , or at least scare them off . if you take an ignite/smite combo you might get both a kill and a buff ( win ! ) . going invisible makes evelynn impossible to catch early game unless someone invests in an invisible detection wards ( which will not happen ) , so there is little risk to counter-jungling . her ultimate provides a massive speed boost around mid game , making her a very fast traveler , especially with boots of mobility . there are plenty more roamers that i will not care to mention but given the criteria it should be easy to point out which of your favorite champions can make a good roamer .
i am not really a minecraft player , but a quick glance at the wiki indicates that you should ( like with other metals ) first smelt raw gold ore in to gold ingots , using a furnace . these ingots can then be used to craft weapons and armour ( which you do not want ) , but also used to create clocks and powered rail . you can also combine 9 ingots in to a gold block , these can then be used for construction ( if you want a nice golden house or something ) or these ingots can then be used to craft a golden apple , which instantly restores your health . given the supposed rare nature of gold within the game and the items you can create with it , i would presume gold 's most important usage is in the creation of powered rail , which ( from what i see here ) vastly increases your construction options with mine carts .
options are available by right-clicking on individual users in the chat window : whisper , add as friend , party invite and block . if you choose to block a player , you will no longer receive any messages from them . right click them in the chat window and choose block . http://fiesta-online.gamigo.com/first_steps/interface/
you can not enter the train to drive it . there is a mission with trevor in which you get the train and drive it , but outside of that in the open world , it is not possible .
reaper rounds increase the damage of conventional weapons ( by increasing the crit chance by 20% ) , but double the weapon 's range penalty . it is your choice of whether to use them or not according to your play style and preferred tactics . take notice that they only affect conventional weapons so once you move all your squad to laser/plasma weapons , the reaper rounds will have no effect . here are two notes about their usage from xcom wikia : reaper rounds are an effective way to increase the potency of conventional weapons before better items , such as beam weapons are researched and manufactured . the added technological and research options in xcom : enemy within can delay a player 's progression up the basic weapon research tree significantly , especially at classic or impossible difficulty . reaper rounds can help give a damage output boost to classes such as the assault , heavy and sniper , the enhanced weapons for whom must be researched separately , incurring greater costs in money and time compared to upgrading the base assault rifle quickly . reaper rounds shine when given to shotgun build assaults , given that their weaponry specialization largely negates the range penalty , and increases crit rates that such troops are often reliant on to clear an enemy . reaper rounds also work well when given to snipers , as the range penalty on sniper rifles is for close-range attacks versus long-range . heavies benefit less from reaper rounds , since their lower base aim reduces the number of crits that actually hit , though if a player adopts a strategy of heavies closing with enemies more this deficiency can be compensated for . supports and rookies benefit the least from the use of reaper rounds since the range versatility of their assault rifles is negatively impacted . as to my own experience , i did not use them because i prefered to have the scope to increase aim instead of them , and i researched laser weapons before i got tactical rigging , so it was not relevant any more . i did research the tech needed for tactical rigging before the laser weapons , but did not have money for the foundry project , and did not see it as important enough . at the start of a game i usually have very little funds and can not afford a lot of things so i try to get only the absolute necessity . at the start , the soldiers are poor shots anyway and the enemies have relatively low health , so a penalty to aim in my mind is much worst that an addition to damage . on second thought , they might be good to take on the first terror missions to deal with the problematic chrysalids , they do not take cover , so hit percentages are usually high , but they have a lot of health and a 1-hit kill attack , so killing them quickly from close range is a priority , although i did not try it for myself .
all diablo 3 auction houses ( both real money and gold ) are regional , one of the same three regions there are for servers : the americas , asia , and europe . additionally , hardcore characters are entirely separate from " softcore " characters - this means no trading and a separate shared stash , but it also means a separate pair of auction houses to boot .
my guess is that the installer is based off of some ancient technology developed in blizzard 's dark ages and , as you suspected , you cannot install on either a drive lettered a or b . as noted , this is because these were the floppy or other external media drives from a long time ago , and it simply will not recognize them as a valid install location . you must change the drive letter to something not a-c ( d is always a wonderful choice ) in order to install diablo iii and commence the looting .
there are several types of backstabs . they all work on the principle that your knife hit the enemy in the 180 degree arch behind them . ignoring the stabs that involve sapping , here are a few common terms i have heard and/or used . all these terms are relative to my experience . some terms may have multiple names and is subject to interpretation : ( note : the idea behind some of the stabs involves a more in depth look at backstabbing , server ticks and client/server registration . see this post and this youtube video by tf2 spy player stabby stabby ) understab : the spy stands underneath a drop off point ( like near the second blue spawn area in pl_badwater ) and waits for players to jump/walk off the edge . as they are falling they pass over the head of the spy and expose their back for a stab . jumpstab ( leapstab or dropstab ) : the spy jumps from a high , generally unseen , height and stabs the enemy . this is generally done as a surprise attack on high value targets . think like jumping off the tower on plr_hightower onto the ground below to stab . topstab : this stab is generally done on engineers . if an engineer has built his sentry and dispenser in such a way that his back is to the wall but he still has access to his sentry and dispenser for repairs you need to stand on his head . once on his head you back up as much as possible and stab him . this is generally done with a silent decloak with the saharan spy set or when the engineer is distracted and can not hear a decloak . do not forget to sap ! cornerstab : as an enemy comes around a corner they generally are already facing the way they want to be going ( as opposed to getting to the corner , stopping , and turning 90 degrees ) . as a spy , you anticipate this and as they are just coming around the corner , move to their side quickly and stab before they can turn . stairstab : as an enemy is going up a flight of stairs , the spy on the higher ground jumps above the enemy and gets behind them and stabs . this can also be done on almost any vertical height displacement like from boxes , engineer buildings or even small rocks on the ground . the spy simply needs to be able to jump over the opponent . sidestab : this stab generally relies on the enemy buying into your disguise and not bumping into you . as an enemy passes by you going the opposite direction you are traveling , very quickly turn and stab . works well on fast targets like scouts and medics . matador stab ( jukestab ) : similar to the sidestab but works more on the notion that the enemy does not buy your disguise or you are not disguised and in combat . you approach the enemy , or they approach you until you get into melee range . strafe one direction very briefly then switch sides strafing and stab . the first strafe is a fake out and forces the enemy to over extend their field of view and allows your second strafe to get to their open backside for the stab . i find this works well on heavy 's shooting a minigun or enemies doing melee combat . strafe and snap : this is a variation of the matador stab . instead of doing a quick first strafe to fake them out and the second strafe to do the stab you simply tighten up the timing and use the first strafe to get the backstab . requires very fast timing . this was coined by the player stabby stabby . facestab : this is not an actual backstab technique but a phrase coined by the community to descrive backstabs that should not have worked . for most of the stabs listed above the view from the enemy is that they were looking at you and then suddenly they were backstabbed . if they were looking at you how could you hit their back ? hence the word facestab . in reality , most facestabs are the difference in server/client registration and server ticks , which is explained in a link above . on the spies screen the back was shown and the stab looked fine . on the enemy 's screen the spy was clearly in front of them and could not possibly be at their back . failstab : this is a stab that should have been a backstab from the spy 's point of view but did not register as a backstab and only as a regular melee strike . this is due to server/client registration and server ticks . think of the failstab as the opposite of a facestab . butterknife : this means to just keep stabbing an enemy with the knife until they die from regular melee strikes . generally this is done on low health enemies who would die from a regular melee strike ( with health usually &lt ; 40 ) . it could also be an act of desperation from a spy attempting to stab an enemy where running away is not an option . this involves generally two things : 1 ) swinging your knife wildly and hoping that you get an accidental matador stab and 2 ) calling our your butterknife after it was successful . example : " dude , i totally butterknifed you ! " most stabs and a few others are found here .
this boils down all to the result of trust . i once administrated a server and encountered much of such issue . primarily with my first batch of recruitments . what there occurred is that they abused the rights to their own benefits . i would recommend you to better understand who you are recruiting before giving them the rights . as you have mentioned you already have a permissions plugin . i would also suggest that you create a tiered hierarchy . it should have similarities to the following model : user -> trial-mod -> moderator -> admin -> owner what this allows is for you to observe your moderators/admins through ghosting . either being /vanish or other means . if you then deem them of a poor admin/mod , you then are free to demote them under such rules . as the owner of the server , you have the final judgement of who should be an admin and receive such rights . down to your question for whether admins require op . i would answer no . admins never need op . op grants them full autonomy of the server except in some cases such as pex or gm , where permissions have to be granted specifically . admins should also never require the * node in permissions . you should only grant the permissions they really require and if they bring up that they require more permissions , fully consider the repercussions of granting such commands and give them to the appropriate ranks . the following section shows how you can slowly move over to this system if you already have an existing hierarchy . first lay out a message of similar contents to the following : it has come to my attention that many of the admins have been abusing the rights given to them . it is detrimental to the community of the server and thus is unacceptable . following this , create a tiered hierarchy that have only what they need to resolve issues . if a mod is there to provide basic support such as logblock query and not rollbacks , only give such permission and nothing more . if they complain , remind them the issue you have faced and they have to earn your trust to gain more power . pick out a few of the admins you think that does not abuse the power and give them the permission they required permissions . they would respond to issues brought up by the mods and perform the required tasks . in this hierarchy , the moderators have permissions to do basic checking and not any form of changing ( check for griefing and not rollback ) and respond to basic questions by the community . if more pressing matters arise , it should be sent to the admins and they should follow up . as for the trial-mod , they would only answer questions and if something does actually fall into the category of admin , alert the mod or admin to settle the issue . what is happening here is that you should only give permissions to those that you trust and even so only permissions that they require to solve the issue . a mod should not have worldedit commands neither should admins have the permission to kill the server . the most critical of issues such as crashes should only be solved by you and a handful you really trust . after reading your comments , i have seen that the reason you are reluctant to do so is due to the configuring of the permission nodes . i would give a suggestion as a person who once administered a server . you always want to do permissions even though its the hardest to do . it may be the most tedious , but when you set up a proper hierarchy , with inheritance and the such , not much is really needed in there . after considering everything . i did not have much in my permissions of the admin as most of it is inherited from the moderator . the tediousness of configuring the permissions actually results in an amazing result and reduces complains from the user of abused commands . spend 2 hours sitting down and do the configs would not hurt . after that you can relax from the quietness of having issues solved by admins and no complains from the users . in all its entirety , it is never recommended to give admins op unless you fully and utterly trust them . by giving op , you give them your server . if they world edit away the whole map ( as has happened before because someone i trust forgot to move a corner of the selection and deleted the whole map , crashing the server in the process ) you are toast . you may still have control over the machine but your community is gone .
yes it does count as killing people , according to the sources i have read because you created the death indirectly by your own hand . the related note you mentioned : if the man you walk up to laying on the ground has a zzz its a knock-out icon . if he has a skull its a death icon . the environment will always tell you these things . if the roof is such a far drop that you cannot id him , assume you killed him .
villagers were introduced in the beta 1.9 pre-release , and , for the most part , act like passive mobs : they will get up in your grill and walk around without a care in the world . when you kill them , they do not drop anything . in addition , 1.2 brought a number of changes to mob ai such as villagers : entering houses at night and leave them in the morning breeding to populate all the houses in a village enabling the automatic creation of iron golems that protect them the first new behaviorentering houses at night and leaving them in the morningallows you to use villagers as a poor man 's daylight detector . finally , as of snapshot 12w21a , villagers power minecraft 's economy by trading items with players .
no , they spawn in new mushroom biomes . however , the reverse is possible , using shears :
you have to use the two flagstaffs on the side of the building . the first will catapult you to the second and the second enables you to reach the roof and in further consequence the bottle . i have marked the spots in the image :
chrisf 's answer is good for natural spawns , but i am guessing you are using a skeleton spawner , since you mention skeletons in particular . if this answer does not help , please provide pictures of your build so that we can understand your problem better . monster spawners can spawn mobs in midair , so if you have a spawner over a high pit , that is fine . however , spawners are only active when you are within a 16-block sphere around them , so if you are standing at the bottom of a 24-block deadly pit , you will definitely be out of range ; you can only use such a direct-drop system when standing at the top of the pit . you can tell when a spawner is inactive because it stops emitting flames and the mob icon inside stops spinning ( due to a current bug , it may vibrate a little bit ) . my favored solution to this problem is to use a water elevator to bring the mobs up an equal distance , move them over a bit , then drop down to die ( or almost die and be one-punch kills ) next to where i stand near the spawner . here 's a picture of the spawner end of such a system i recently built ( for zombies , but skeletons work fine in the same design ) : the zombie spawner is in the center of the glass box , and all of the space around it which a spawning zombie could occupy ( 4 to each side , 1 below , 2 above ) is empty air . the water currents bring the zombie to the front left , where they swim up the alternating water blocks and eventually reach a horizontal current which moves them over to a drop ( for reliable fall damage , leave a block of dry ground which they get bumped off by the next zombie ) . the redstone lamps allow me to toggle spawning on and off .
the commander hotkeys are laid out in a grid system based on their position in the ui . the top row ( of tabs ) are assigned q w e r . the two rows of icons below the tabs use a s d f and z x c v . space will take you to the location of the last alert ( i.e. . structures under attack , marine requesting ammo , etc ) . you can select a group of buildings or units and press ctrl+1 - ctrl+5 to save the group , and 1 - 5 to reselect that group later .
gems stack to 30 , as for the pages i have stacks of 100 each but i have not tried having above that , but i find it unlikely they would stack above 100 edit : artisan pages stack to 1000
if you pause the game and go to the menu ( using the + button on the wii u , i am unsure about other platforms ) there is an option for ghosts with three settings : all , friends only , and none . personally i find friends only better than all . but i have no friends :- so all i see is ghosts of my own prior attempts which i find far less distracting than ghosts of other players ( especially when they play as other characters ) . you will obviously want none to disable the ghosts completely . on a side not i find that the ghosts distract me much more on distance challenges where you are racing against the flames and you have to go as far as you can . on time challenges where you need to collect as many lums as you can i actually find that the ghosts help me a lot . here 's what it looks like on the wii u . i am not sure about what other platforms would look like :
almost certainly you want to throw things at him . throwing is kinda weird ; it does not usually do a ton of damage but it is extremely high variance . there is one well-documented case of an adventurer killing a bronze colossus by decapitating it with a thrown fluffy wambler ; obviously this is pretty unlikely but throwing rocks at it will eventually kill it . getting into melee with a bronze colossus is much less random . . . and that is bad for you , because the bc is many times your size and strength . you are probably faster though so just stay away .
i am not entirely sure what modio has to do with minecraft . it seems to be a utility that can transfer game saves between a pc and an xbox 360 . if you are indeed running a server without name verification , you should worry anyway , if anyone on your server is an operator . setting online-mode to false causes the server not to verify usernames with minecraft .net, which allows anyone to log in with any handle they wish . if you have given someone else or yourself operator privileges , this person could hijack the nickname of an op and thus gain their status . if you want to defend yourself against this , your options are : enable online-mode . of course , this will effectively ban anyone with a&hellip ; less privileged account . do not give anyone operator status . moderate the server directly via the server console . switch to bukkit and set up local user accounts with a plug-in such as authme .
as of yet , there is no such option to view a players skill information . if you want to know what the player has skilled , ask them via in-game chat .
you want to use a monostable circuit . this turns any input pulse into a pulse with an exact length ( in ticks ) . hook this up to your clock and you can pulse the piston on for 1 , 2 , or however many ticks you want . by tweaking your clock speed and monostable circuit you can get very precise piston pulses , e.g. 1 tick on , 5 ticks off ; 3 ticks on , 7 ticks off etc . sethbling , noted redstone genius , gives a very good guide to monstable circuits , as well as other redstone components in this video :
while i have no hard evidence to support this ( not sure any exists without looking at the game code ) in all my playthroughs there was never a negative effect for investigating/exploring all dialog . same goes for talking to people just to hear the same thing over and over again .
after each third of the game - priority tuchanka , rannoch , or thessia , diana allers ( if aboard ) will send an email requesting an interview . shep can go up to his cabin and use the intercom to send her up for an interview . after she asks her questions , she will turn off the camera and make some small talk - after the first interview , you are given the option to flirt with her or turn her down . if you turn her down , she never mentions it again , but if you flirt with her , you can then flirt after the other two interviews and eventually she will become a love interest .
there is no way to click on the main map or minimap to move there , neither was there such an option in previous diablo games . in previous diablo games you could , however , move with the main map open ; but that option no longer exists in diablo iii .
monster bits are actually an excellent source of early game cash . the trick is you need to identify each type first . not for every single monster - just one each of any eye , heart , bone , and skin . these sell for triple digits even for basic creatures , and the yields only get even higher as you go late game . yes , you have to pay for the initial identify , but again , each part is now going to sell for its proper price for the rest of the game . this is a general fact about everything not-equipment - you will need to have identified its item class at least once in your lifetime before you can start selling it unidentified for proper price . escort and " before it is too late " are good choices for job board quests . be familiar with how long it takes you to reach any given town from your current town to make sure you can make the journey . in these two cases all you have to do is make it there in the time limit . do not take " beauty and the beast " quests early on - those have a chance of out-of-depth ambushes so if hunting quests are eradicating you then it is best not to touch them . note that yowyn/palmia is the shortest route in the game . if you pick up gardening early on , the harvest time quests ( of which you can usually find pages worth in yowyn ) are a simple money earner . they do not pay as much as the other quests in terms of gold , but it is very fast for platinum coins . cargo trade is a great way to earn some early money , though your performance in this department is dependent on your traveling skills and some measure of luck ( or enough scrolls/rods of teleportation ) . the " traders " in each town sell cargo - this does not stash in your inventory , but instead in your " cart " , which is a separate inventory space that starts off with about 70s worth of capacity . cargo has different prices in each town - the trick is to buy where it is cheap , and sell for major profit . well , major profit will be much further down the road once you start being able to regularly make it to noyel , so before them you will just have to settle for " nice profit " . the main threat here is the rogue boss , a special encounter that shows up if you have cargo - they will wipe the floor with you early on , or you have to fork over your goods and money . hence , bring some teleportation items to just zip out without having to give away your goods . the best sales are done with the farther distances , so until you can reduce your travel time this is more of a background money earning than something you want to actively work on . every town has a voting box - use it once a week in-game to increase your voter rank . this adds a small boost to your salary . it is not huge but it is free money twice a month . lastly , one trick is that the puppy cave tends to spawn scrolls of oracle . these sell for four digits even at the start , so once you are at a point that a stray kobold will not ruin your day and cause you to drop your stuff in a dungeon to be permanently erased since the dungeon randomly generates itself . . . then diving in there is a decent way to make some quick early-game cash . this primarily covers the early game means of earning money . later on , you will be primarily earning money by a lot of other things . all of the above will still factor in , except for the puppy cave dives which are not all that fun as you are levelled up , nor as fast as what you can do when you are levelled up . some of the notable sources of money as you go further in the game : your salary ( which you improve by performing in the arena , pet arena , joining guilds , operating a museum , and clearing dungeons ) operating a shop ( which has high maintenance costs each month so until you know what you are doing , wait on that - but it will sell your dungeon dive junk for better than you can usually ) getting an easy craft that sells for good money ( gardening in a farm , hoarding certain corpses/goods/slaves in a ranch , or using the crafting skills with special note to jewelry for a disproportionate ratio of ease-of-material to price-of-goods ) dungeon delving ( random dungeons not only influence your salary but also give scalingly healthy heaps of gold on clear , in addition to the prizes ) party time quests ( those with high enough perform can make five digits or more in these quests easy ) long distance cargo hauls ( selling goods between noyel and port kapul can earn you 20k or more a trip , which you can enhance by upgrading your cart ) gambling ( casinos use casino coins that you gather for free , so the goods you get for winning at the casino can be sold if you are spotted for cash ) the world 's oldest profession ( requires your target to be drunk , takes karma , and may make you insane , but it both trains charisma and it can make a quick spot of cash if you hit a rich mark . panic and challenge quests ( similar to hunting except they are worth more , but they also tell you your opponent beforehand , making it a whole lot safer to know if you will make it )
the promotion costs for the next level can can be calculated by previous level xp + ( 10 * next level ) so for level 1 : 0 + ( 10 * 1 ) = 10 level 2 : 10 + ( 10 * 2 ) = 30 level 3 : 30 + ( 10 * 3 ) = 60 level 4 : 60 + ( 10 * 4 ) = 100 and so on . source : civ fanatics forum
it appears you can only go to hell once per game-day . you get the debuff pooped when your energy is very low ( 5% of max energy ) with a duration matching the time until the next game day , which is every four earth hours .
sometimes they become openable doors through the story ( e . g . entrance/exit in dead city ) , sometimes you get a keycard or key to open them ( e . g . gearhead vault in subway ) , sometimes they can be opened by shooting gas tanks behind them ( e . g . wasted garage ) or similar . however , mostly they are just part of the wall that looks like a door - there seems to be more ' doors ' like that than any other .
have you tried to verify the integrity of your files ? i find that doing this step solves 90% of my load/crashing problems with most steam games .
no . there is no legitimate ( ethically acceptable ) way of changing the game to select more than 12 units . mainly because mods in brood war are not like minecraft mods , it does not just make the game more fun , it potentially ( in this case , definitely ) gives you an unfair advantage over your opponent . as a long time brood war player , i entreat you to avoid using these methods and enjoy the game 's imperfect beauty . but this may quench your thirst if you are not picky about experiencing the pure , true brood war . starcraft 2 - brood war remake
the colors are used to tell which class the airport is , there are 3 classes : class 1 ( black ) class 2 ( blue ) class 3 ( red ) the main difference is related to where an airplane of a specific class can land : an airplane of class 2 , for example , can land just on class 2 or 3 airports . once you get a class 2 airplane , you will use the colored dot on the jobs screen as a handy way to spot jobs that can go directly to another class 2 ( or better ) airport so that you maximize the effectiveness of your class 2 plane .
wielding two-handed increases your effective strength by 50% . so , if a weapon requires 24 strength , you can two-hand it with just 16 . this same rule does not apply to dexterity though ! you can not increase your effective dexterity by dual-wielding . if a weapon has a dex requirement , you need to meet that requirement fully to be able to wield it effectively .
once any rare gem has been harvested , its effect is added automatically to your next game . it lasts for one game only , however after the game is completed you are offered the same gem again at a small discounted " streak price " for the next game . the boosts you chose are not affected by the harvesting of a rare gem and combining the two can provide powerful results .
without skills you can only place one tower with one level 1 gem . with this its hard to kill even the first wave . use the field c8 , create a tower near mana shards . the tower should kill few monsters from first wave and before the rest comes ( build walls so the monsters have the longest path to your tower ) you should have harvested enough mana to upgrade the first gem . when you can afford it build the second tower that can help kill monsters and harvest other mana shards . when you clear one from four mana shards in a group build a tower on the cleared spot . that gives you four towers which will harvest all of mana and should kill all the monsters . watch out for the giants - focus on one gem for maximum damage , the rest is only for swarm waves . yol strategy requires to much mana - i used pure lime . you could mix in just a little blue for extra damage but use of slow is negligible .
maxwell is the boy with the red cap , not the farmer . the instructions seem a little ambiguous there ( and slightly incorrect ) , but you are just supposed to use it " yourself " .
yes , while you are in state of gunzerking your entire ammo stock for all weapon types except rockets will regenerate regardless of which weapon types you currently have equiped or drawn out . source : personal experience and tests
heavies are your primary damage dealers . their exclusive heavy weapons are simply better than the corresponding assault rifle of each weapon tier . they carry a rocket launcher , which allows them once per mission to cause damage to multiple targets ( on the highest level they can learn an ability to do it twice ) . their rocket launchers always hit and always do the same amount of damage , so this is a very reliable ability . most of their abilities further increase the amount of damage they can inflict . their bullet storm skill ( which is learned very early ) allows them to fire twice per round when they do not move . measured in pure damage potential , this ability is more effective than the rapid fire ability of the assault ( which can not be used on two different targets and which has an aim penalty ) and the double tap ability of the sniper ( which only works when the first shot was a hit ) . by the way : it also allows them to shoot once and then move out of the line-of-sight in the same round .
as you noted , if it picks up engi , fluffwise there is no reason they should not pick up drones . this game does not try very hard to make biological sense ; do not get caught up on it . gameplaywise , while it may feel misleading to lase an enemy to find him completely freaking unharmed , it is more misleading , and more dangerous , to teleport into a ship and be caught unaware by more bodies than were on your sensors .
as usual angry bird 's nest has a guide golden egg #4 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of poached eggs . the angry birds soundboard is the first of the puzzle levels . heres what you need to do to unlock the star . press the group of birds , slingshot , tnt , any top bird , and finally any bottom pig . there is also two similar levels you could be referring to : golden egg #12 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of danger above . the second soundboard puzzle level is all about the birds and their beautiful harmonies . to get the star press blue bird , red bird , black bird ( with eyes closed ) , blue bird , then finally the green bird . golden egg #17 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of the big setup . to get the star first fill in all the pigs then tap big brother so he opens his eyes . now drag him to all the way to the right . no . 17 was originally broken on the android version , i believe , but doing the above has worked for a while now .
the answer for all questions about where textures are located is to look inside the jarfile and browse through the assets folder . ender dragon textures are ( along with all creatures ) in the entity texture folder , inside a folder named enderdragon .
water will not work , sorry . . they will either die or tp away depending on existing damage . but what is stopping you from going with the vine method ? i know it can get a little tedious making all those circles , but it is totally worth it . also gotta have sticky pistons . . it is a little lengthy but it is amazing . you can get to 50 in about 5-10 minutes . basically , sticky pistons with a block on the end and pressure plates will push enderman off platforms down a circular ring that is bridged with 4 spaced " rings " that have vines on them . the vines , in turn reset the fall speed until they fall down into the next level
most trees in minecraft will not grow when there is a block next to them . this can be something as small as a torch . you will need to make your room larger . you will also have much better luck if you make the room at least 5-6 blocks high - you will use much less bonemeal on them ( or they will grow much more quickly if you are letting them grow naturally ) . specific requirements for tree growth : oak : small oak trees need no ground level clearance , 1 block clearance at the trunk , 2 blocks from the top of the trunk to the ceiling , and 6-8 blocks of vertical clearance . thus you could put the sapling in a one-deep hole but not a two-deep hole . large oak trees need 4-14 blocks of open space above the sapling , but otherwise can be completely enclosed on all sides . spruce : 1x1 spruce trees need a minimum of 5x5x8 blocks , and need an empty space above the topmost leaves . 2x2 spruce trees are grown using 4 saplings . they need a 6x6 space starting one block above the saplings ( 4x4 at sapling level ) and at least 16 blocks of vertical space . birch : birch trees also do not need ground level clearance , but starting one block above the sapling , they need a 5x5 space between 6 and 8 blocks high . birch trees need the 5x5 level above the top of the leaves to be completely air , not even torches are allowed . jungle trees : 1x1 jungle trees need there to be no blocks adjacent to the sapling up to the height of the tree . 2x2 jungle trees need to be planted using 4 jungle saplings . the northwestern sapling must have no blocks adjacent to it up to the final height of the tree , as it is considered the " center " of the tree . furthermore , there can be no blocks one block away except at the same level as the sapling . in other words the tree needs a 5x5 space from one block above the sapling to the height of the tree . these trees can be anywhere from 9 blocks to 44 blocks tall . bonemeal can be used on any sapling . acacia trees : specific space requirements are not given on the minecraft wiki , but acacia trees are typically about 8 blocks high , so likely would require at least that much space to grow . dark oak trees : dark oak trees must be grown from 4 saplings in a 2x2 grid . they will not grow from a single sapling . they need no clearance at the sapling level , but at least 4x4 above that .
use sc2gears to analyze your own replays . you can do a search filter on 1v1 " automm " game types and do a multi-rep analysis which gives you all the statistics and graphs you could wish for , including win/loss/ratio . i think this illustrates why it is important to keep all of your replays : battle .netis not an open data source ; they can show / hide anything any time they want . to see un-tampered-with analysis of your games , your replay archive is the best source . it is too bad sites like http://sc2ranks.com will also hide the losses ; they should theoretically be able to deduce your loss count from your recent games played even though battle .netdoes not give that metric explicitly . i guess it is not 100% guaranteed accurate . . . [ update ] more of a commentary to your question : as far as " am i doing well ? " honestly your win/loss ratio is of little use , because battle .nettries to match you with equally ranked players ( thus trying to keep your ratio ~50% no matter your skill level ) . if you are improving faster than your moving mmr rating is rising , the ratio will theoretically go up , but that is only in theory . bnet could just as easily randomly pair you with 10 favored opponents you will lose to . another reason why win/loss ratio is a bad metric to judge improvement : part of getting better is to focus on the things you are bad at , which means during practice you will not win as often . as most of us " practice " on the ladder itself , our win/loss ratio would inaccurately imply that the more you practice , the worse you are .
to gain strategic resources , they do not need to be worked by your city 's civilians . rather , you need only to improve a resource tile within your borders with some tile improvement . for iron , these are mines . make sure that your workers have built mines over all of your iron deposits . additionally , resources are lost if the improvement tile is occupied by an unfriendly unit or if the tile improvement on it is pillaged . great people 's improvements provide resources ( but not yield bonuses ) once you have researched the required technology . it sounds like perhaps you have built a mine on a single resource providing 2 iron , and the other two resources are being worked , but are unimproved .
the flaming sword icon indicates the end of an attack , so you can chain the next one . it appears only on easy and medium settings . from the wikia : on hard , you only see a blue streak where your sword has just travelled and hear a faint " whooshing " sound to alert you to the timing of your attacks .
one slime is generated for free once every 10 minutes .
marked for death is a new weapon introduced in worms reloaded . it is activated by placing the cursor over the target worm , then using it . the afflicted worm will be marked with a storm cloud over their head and they will take highly increased damage until their death . source : http://worms.wikia.com/wiki/marked_for_death edit : all attacks do double damage for the rest of the game .
if you go to lion 's arch and talk to the npc miyani next to the mystic forge , she has various items for sale that you can purchase with skill points . the most expensive is a bloodstone shard , which costs 200 skill points and is used to create legendary weapons . currently , that is the only other place to spend skill points aside from on your character . in addition , you continue to earn skill points after you hit the level cap of 80 , gaining another when you would have normally leveled up again , similar to guild wars 1 .
the wonderful thing about virtual machines is that they are " virtually " identical to real machines . assuming the host is a powerful enough computer , there should be no problems . however if you run it alongside other virtual machines you may run into the obvious problems such as bandwidth starvation ( if multiple machines share one network adapter ) or cpu starvation ( as they all share one machine 's cpu ( s ) ) . there should be no problems that are unique to the fact that it is a virtual machine , though !
you need to have a save created during the ice plains or order of the flaming rose cloister portions of the epilogue . the witcher 2 recognizes only saves made before the last fight . the save should be located under : "~/Library/com.cdprojektred.TheWitcher/The Witcher/Saves/" and the game save files should have a name like the following : xxxxxx - Order of the Flaming Rose-xxx.TheWitcherSave where xxxxxx is a serial number for the save . then , in tw2 , select " new game " then " import witcher 1 save " from the main menu to import tw1 save . further info and files path for pc can be found here .
from the league of legends wiki : " carry " is a term that is typically used to refer to the primary damage dealer / killer on a team . so you will usually see a carry have the highest number of kills on that team , by the end of the game . carrys may often start with low effectiveness at early game and rise to power through the mid / late game . the carry is usually a character that your team wants to feed , you want him to farm and get the best gear possible so he can own . basically , a carry starts out slow but becomes the most powerful member of the team if played effectively . if you feed a carry , his eventual power is designed to be greater than it would have been if you had fed a fighter instead . fighters are champions that have constant damage output and good survivability . they tend to last a little longer in team fights as opposed to an assassin , deal more damage than a support class , and has more consistent damage than a champions who nuke ( usually ap champs ) . they will become powerful if you feed them , but not as powerful as a carry . if someone says they are playing a fighter as a carry , i would guess that they are basically wanting the team to feed him/her . it can be a viable strategy , but feeding a legitimate carry is usually an easier path to victory .
you enter the same way as you did the first time , i.e. go through wonder city and take the elevator . you will not be able to access the topmost part of the tower , but there are no collectibles that far up . all trophies , riddles and breakable items are still reachable after completing the main campaign .
sometimes the /reload input will sometimes basically " refresh " your game . which may include reconnecting you to battle .net. mainly used for ui resetting but i have found that it does re-log your chat . so it would be worth a shot in your situation .
there seems to be an intermittent issue with chrome where this happens . i have not been able to determine what the cause is , but unmaximizing the browser window , and then maximizing it again seems to clear up the problem .
health potions heal 40% of your max health . comparatively , tiles recover 1 health per level per tile . your base health is 10 per level , so without enhancements it takes 4 tiles of exploration to account for one potion . consuming a potion also does not trigger enemy regeneration . mana potions heal 40% of your max mana . tiles only recover 1 mana per tile , and your base mana does not increase without picking up mana items . vlad is very correct in that using potions just to speed up leveling is not very useful , especially if that level is not going to make you survive the final conflict . but , excellent planning and luck may make an early potion very potent . the main reason to use a potion in the early game is to maximize damage output while minimizing resource use . this is not just for the immediate gains of what tiles you do not explore , but capitalizing on the position you are left in that will make future exploration less necessary . maximizing damage output means using potions in the capacity such that their health or mana contribution is towards the destruction of your target . using a health potion to survive killing foes for a mid-battle level up or a mana potion to afford a secondary casting of apheelsik is fairly wasteful . for example , imagine a scenario where you have revealed a third of the dungeon so far . there are no monsters left you can defeat without potions , but there are many monsters that are 2 levels above you , some of which you could handle without a potion if you leveled up once . if you do not drink a potion , you could end up having to reveal a large portion of the dungeon looking for something to level up on . but if you can use a potion to defeat one of the 2 levels above you monsters and level up , you give yourself many more advancement opportunities which should far exceed the loss of that one potion . also , shoot to drink potions early game when you have a high maximum health . if you have not found any health items , have not bought a pendant of life , and otherwise do not have a lot of health , just stay away from big enemies and rely on exploration . as your health increases , the level of opponent you can take down using a single potion increases significantly . which leads to my next point : unless it is a requirement of a ridiculous chain assault you setup for victory that would make rube goldberg proud , you should probably never drink more than one potion of each kind to take out a single non-boss monster . the cost of using a potion impacts your ability to face all higher level foes , and the level catapult you may get for a single monster will still leave a large number of higher level foes . so if you must use a potion to take on a high level foe early on , figure out whether you can get it done in just one potion and some exploration . if that is not enough , you should seek other opponents . mana potions are much less useful in the early game on their own . even with wizard types , it usually takes 2-3 potions just to get a single spell slot back , and in the early game this will not really make a dent . their fault is their strength , however , because their lack of scaling with level makes them very useful if drinking a single mana potion saves you more than just a health potion . if you can drink a mana potion to pull off the bysseps + getindare combo that defeats a high level foe , it is actually more worth it . just , as mentioned before , make sure you quaff the potion to contribute to damage . the wonderful list of exceptions , where we assume you have enough money this is not a comprehensive list , but just a couple class- or luck-specific strategies . if you find a keg store early on , this can make it a lot more viable to take on a good number of high level enemies , leaving a lot of ripe opportunities for future mid-battle level ups . in the free version of the game , the glowing guardian offers the equivalent of 2 full heals . these are excellent against bosses , so discovering early on that you have this option may allow early potions much easier . for obvious reasons , halflings and gnomes have a similar advantage that finding a keg store provides . thieves have a trait that lets both forms of potion heal both attributes . if you have a spell like burndayraz or getindare or halpmeh , you can probably get some very early nice kills by taking advantage of this trait , as it effectively doubles your potion stock . assassins have a trait that instantly kill any enemies of a lower level , which means that a potion-induced level catapult is significantly more useful to them than other classes . they are pretty much the leaders of mid-battle leveling . priests have a trait that makes health potions heal 100% health . this makes it a lot easier to spend only a single potion when taking on significantly stronger foes , but remember to still stick with "1 potion per non-boss " . a sorceror is usually better off using halpmeh or cydstepp than quaffing health potions . bloodmages have a trait that makes mana potions heal 100% mana at the cost of some health . this makes them actually much less suited to using mana potions during the early game , because the mana gain is simply not worth it . so you will probably be drinking later with them . warlords have a very interesting synergy with potions that makes their potion strategy exceptionally complex . to give a peek , one who gets some mana items early on may prioritize the utility of early game mana potions , but others may prioritize late-game to utterly crush foes . i will also note that you should probably save the bonus damage for the target , not for a mid-battle level .
most pro players do it to " warm up " their fingers early in the game . that way , when they need to produce tons of meaningful actions in the mid-to-late game , they are " limber " . whether or not that helps or is the best method for warming up , however , is questionable . tzenes , our resident sc2 guru , addressed this in an answer to an earlier question on improving your apm : epinephrine has some interesting effects on the human body , one of which is to contract the blood vessels in your fingers right before a tournament reducing circulation and making them feel ' cold . ' spamming keys is less effective at over coming this than taking a second and flexing your fingers . a lot of amateur players will spam actions to get a higher " apm " number . as has been said countless times , though , it is not how many actions you have per minute but what you do with your actions that is the difference between victory and defeat .
you can play with a scout helicopter in these maps in obliteration : zavod 311 hainan resort flood zone paracel storm tip #1 : i would definitely recommend to start in zavod 311 because after this map comes hainan resort and flood zone so you can play with a scout helicopter for three consecutive rounds . tip #2 : out of these four maps , only zavod 311 has a mobile anti-air vehicle - your biggest nightmare - so be extra careful . tip #3 : the map with most cover for a helicopter is flood zone . then comes zavod 311/hainan resort and lastly paracel storm , which have almost no cover . my advice on that is make sure you have an unselfish engineer in your helicopter to repair you and harass the enemy helicopter with anti-air rockets ( stinger and igla ) .
no , as stated in the faq on the introversion forums , the uplink bank is not hackable . q : how can i hack the uplink bank ? a : you do not . you need a voice sample from the admin - and , as you can see , there is no admin . i can only assume this has been done for storyline reasons , the same reason the for the missing stuff in one of the secret missions , to potect your bank account , and your person . remember , there are other uplink agent out there , and if that information was known , you , the player , could be a target of those agents .
i figured out what was happening when i unplugged it that effectively throttled the cpu , go to : control panel -> power options -> edit plan settings -> change advanced power settings look for " processor power management " and you can edit the settings from there . it would be nice if there was a quicker/hotkey way to do this though , as i do not like to have to keep digging back into the control panel .
fortifications barrier these are used to slow or damage enemies , and can be a handy way to block off paths into your defended area . upgrades give them additional longevity and damage-dealing abilities . decoy these are used to draw enemy fire . upgrades give decoys more health , and the final upgrade gives them explosives that detonate upon their death . sentry the sentry is an automated turret that does low damage . when fully upgraded , they can stun an enemy with their fire . turret a turret is a player-controlled fixed weapon capable of heavy damage . upgrades give them increased range , damage abilities , and heavier armor for the protection of the user . silverback this is a heavy mech piloted by a player . general upgrade information upgrades can only be performed between rounds , and require that you have both the necessary amount of cash and the appropriate level . be aware that some levels do not give you actual upgrades , but instead affect your ability to repair your fortifications . upgrades are not shared between players . in your example , only you can use the barriers , but i believe all players can repair them . upgrades are persistent between rounds , and only disappear when destroyed . for more information , such as precise costs of fortification upgrades , see the source link : gears of war 3 fortifications
there is a mod that allows it indeed , you can download it from here : http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/38731/ the features list : you can place your own markers with your own , self-written notes attached to them . up to 60 custom markers ( if you want more , it is easy to add more in creation kit ) . you can fast travel to your markers . you can edit and remove your markers . works with skyui 's location finder . first line of your note become a marker name ( displayed on the map and in location finder ) . english and polish localizations . as you see , it is only available in english or polish so this might conflict if your game is in a different language . however , you can instruct steam to change the language of the game in the game 's properties menu .
this video will help you a lot . the procedure is ' simple': brake the ribcage with hammer , take out the lungs , cut out old heart using scalpel , throw it outside the body cavity , take the new heart and just place it inside the ' hole ' approximately where old one was . done . how you remove all those stuff depends on your choice , skill and luck but using mentioned tools is fastest and with minimal risk of major blood lost . if you do get major blood loss you can always stop it by injecting the patient with green needle few times , careful not to inject yourself .
you are right in that you should not have tried to heal as enhancement . not only are there equipment differences ( i am guessing you did not have much int or spell power gear ? ) , but by not being restoration , you miss out on a powerful heal spell ( earth shield ) and a 1 second cast-time reduction on your only other healing spell for that level - healing wave . as soon as you hit level 30 ( at least , i think it is 30 . . . ) you will unlock the ability to have a dual talent spec . this means you can have a restoration spec for healing instances , and an enhancement spec for soloing when you are not running dungeons . regarding being kicked from the instance group : it is rough being a new player , and sometimes other players forget that . chin up , do not let it get to you , and i would suggest finding a guild , or making some in-game friends that can help you learn .
you needed to pick them up whilst still in the factory . sorry they should be right after you find the mdisk his desk will be under the lighthouse , although i suspect they will be on the walls with the blueprints .
i generally prefer gun builds when i go ranged for new vegas , mostly because of this beast of a gun : anti material rifle anti material rifle ( gra dlc ) its high damage/attack means i can pretty much 1 shot anything in the game , including all the difficult dlc zones like lonesome road . for the more difficult enemies , i will use the hand loaded ammo to go with the shot . the only drawback is that if you are playing on hardcore , the ammo is extremely heavy and scarce . since most of my fights tend to happen at extreme range where vats is not as useful , i tend to focus more on crit and damage with my perks : black widow/lady killer for 10% damage to opposing sex cherchez la femme/confirmed bachelor for 10% damage to same sex bloody mess ( 5% damage ) , note some people does not like this for the gibbing effect hand loader for the awesome hand loaded ammo that does tons of damage finesse for more crit chance ( this is only useful if you are spotted ) better criticals for even more damage when hitting for criticals living anatomy for bonus damage and to see if a target is armored or not ( so you can swap from incendiary ammo to ap ammo ) robotics expert to kill them faster . sentry robots are annoying . and some more generally useful skills : silent running to help boost your sneak , which is extremely important . jury rigging so you can repair your guns more easily weapon handling to help you lower the str requirement for the rifle . strong back to carry that extra ammo/gun around pack rat to drastically reduce ammo weight sniper , for those situations where you are too close and have to hit the head to kill someone , then you can still have vats to fall back on . also , remember you need high luck to boost your critical chance , but there are items in the game that permenantly improve luck . lucky shades , naughty nightware ( though i do not recommend you wear this in combat :p ) , and the +1 luck implant can be found in the base game and there are dlc items that boost luck as well .
1 ) you can buy or craft more pouches or boxes with various storage sizes and properties ( for instance , armorsmiths can craft a ' safe ' box that holds 8 items that will not be sorted with compact or moved to collections unless you do so manually ) . 2 ) you can also unlock extra pouch/box " slots " , via the in-game store . ( at work ; can not check the site/wiki to link urls . )
why do not you save your game and then spend your perks on different trees to see what combination works better for you . there is no point going all that way as a battlemage to start learning archery now ( unless your at a high archery level already ) using silent magic for the dark brotherhood will be dam good work , and for the thieves guild , you wont really be fighting at all ( opinion ) due to stealing most of the time . but it is rightfully your choice in the end , the light armour tree works very well for almost all others , with better perks going up to the weightlessness of it eventually , now , choosing alteration , whether your a thief or not does not really matter , or maybe it does to you , but you initially need to activate that , whereas the armour you do not . but just look at the tree , at the perks , and have a hard think , think about everything you do , how it will help in any and all situations , think about light armour too , then you will finally see which one will be worth it more . that is what helps me , thinking far in advance and how i will use those perks , i hope any of this helps you out friend rob
inside the drenchfort , you will need to take the east hallway and then the first door to the south instead of going to the top where you release the water . it is on a brazier kinda thingie in the far right corner of the room .
wisdom does not affect searching , as far as i know . so i will instead cover how you can improve your searching , rather than improve wisdom . the main things that affect it are luck , having a pair of lenses , and getting excalibur . luck is the main factor . the higher your luck , the more likely you will find a door in fewer chances . if you have slightly bad but not horrible luck , you can usually guarantee finding a door in around 20 tries . but if your luck is really bad , it is incredibly difficult to find such doors . so more important than anything , do not ruin your luck . if you have ruined your luck , you should wait for the bad luck to time out before you continue to search . to improve your luck , the main options are to throw gems at co-aligned unicorns or to sacrifice monsters that make your god happy . these both rely on the fortune of running into an early co-aligned unicorn and altar respectively . as reinforced by sepp2k in the comments , do note that good luck will time out just the same as bad luck , if you lack a luckstone . which , early game , is not a very common prospect . lenses are an accessory time item you can wear over your eyes . they are extremely rare , but if you are lucky enough to find a pair early on then you can use them to help , as they improve the success rate of finding secret doors . there is an artifact pair of lenses , but they are neutral alignment ( and the monk quest artifact , specifically ) and so would not be of use to a lawful character such as yourself . but they are a pretty handy item for neutral non-monk characters lucky enough to get an early wish that they would like to spend on it . excalibur is an artifact longsword . any lawful character who reaches xl 5 can dip a longsword into a fountain and have a chance to get this weapon . as a lawful valkyrie , you start with a longsword , which makes this that much easier to get . plus , it is a great weapon to have in general . while wielded , it not only grants the searching extrinsic ( which automatically searches at the end of every turn ) , but it also improves your success rate . note , however , that the bonus it gives is in proportion to its enchantment level . so if you do not happen to run across any scrolls of enchant weapon early game , it will not help too much . but this weapon represents one of the best early game aids to searching . if you have good item fortune , then you may also come across a wand of secret door detection or a stethoscope . these items , once you find yourself at a dead end , greatly expedite your success by simply revealing the secret passages . healers start with the latter .
the orc wizard had an electric brand weapon . it did not do direct damage but did do electric damage . they really hurt . another orc wizard ( probably ) then hit you with a magic dart from a wand . they are often found in little packs . finding them on d3 is harsh , but crawl is harsh , very harsh . die and learn .
quake3world has an extensive guide to how armour and health work : when you are shot , quake3 applies 2/3 of total damage to armor . . . , then the rest is taken off health . if your armor is insufficient to cover the ' debt ' the leftover damage comes from your health so when you take damage it takes 2/3 of the total and applies it to your armour . it then takes the remaining 1/3 plus any left over if your armour was totally destroyed and applies that to your health . if that takes your health to below 0 , you die . for example , if you have 100 health and 20 armour you can take 120 damage before you die ; if you have 100 armour and 20 health , however , 60 damage is enough to frag you - 2/3 of 60 is 40 which comes off your 100 armour but that still leaves 20 damage to come off your health . as that is only at 20 you die . the function of armour is to reduce the amount of health you lose when you get shot etc . in terms of benefit any armour is better than none , and the stronger your armour the better as it means that none of the 2/3 " armour " damage will get applied to your health .
short answer - just wait , stack cards and wait . they may put down 1 or 2 guys that can damage your relics but they will fill all the other lanes with structures that cant attack your idols . i literally went about 40-50 rounds ( can not recall exactly ) getting about 30+ resources . when i finally had all the cards i wanted , i had the following units : blessing of haste x2 focus x3 skirmishers x4 ( there are 2 types of skirmishers ) general x1 vanguard x1 plate armor x2 frost wind x1 haboinks x2 decimate x3 ( not in the starter deck ) the scary part comes next , you will play your general and vangaurd in a row together pop plate armor on them and use frost wind on the enemies in direct line with them to make sure they dont hit you . wait one turn , hope your general and vangaurd survive 1 health or more does not matter you win if they survive . put down all four of your skirmishers adjacent to your general then use both blessing of hastes on your general to bring it is cooldown to 0 which at the same time will bring all your skirmishers and vangaurds cooldown to 0 . now you play everything you got to increase damage so that you destroy everything in the three rows . make sure you place spells wisely so as to not waste damage on idols your goal is to destroy everything so that 3 turns later you win . it takes patience but it feels o so good after putting them in the dirt . this has worked on 2 occasions in the trials against energy decks . a serious flaw in ai in my opinion .
let 's look at each item , and how it affects gangplank : philosopher 's stone - this is a strong item on many champions . it gives him the mana regen he needs to use parrrley , hp regen , and gp/5 . wriggle 's lantern - provides armor , ad , life steal , a unique passive and a free ward . this is another strong pick , especially if jungling gangplank . mercury treads - these boots are considered the default tank boots , due to mr and tenacity . spirit visage - provides health , magic resist , cdr , and a boost to healing . i do not recommend this item because it does not synergize well with any of his abilities . frozen heart - provides armor , mana , cdr , and an aura debuff . this item is best vs an auto-attack heavy team , otherwise i would skip it . thornmail - provides armor , and deals magic damage when auto-attacked . i do not recommend this item on gangplank , because a clever opponent will stop focusing gangplank when they see you have purchased it . since your goal is to be a tank , this is counter-productive . warmogs armor - provides the most health in any item , and good health regen . helpful for staying alive . atma 's impaler - provides 15 ad for every 1k hp , armor , and crit chance . a solid pick if you have extra health from runes/items . the first build you have listed is very defensive . you end with 229 armor and 55 mr . this build would be most effective against a team that relies on auto-attacks ( master yi , ashe , etc ) . it is going to be weaker vs a team doing primarily magic damage . warmog 's and atma 's provides more health ( good if you have armor/mr ) , and some damage , which helps if you are jungling gangplank , it is common to rush a wriggle 's first . if you are top lane , you are going to focus on spamming parrrley instead , so i would recommend rushing a philosopher 's stone . sheen is a common pick , because parrrley trigger 's sheen 's bonus damage . it also builds into a triforce , an item that boosts all of gangplank 's abilities . every game is different , and you have to build vs your enemy team . of all the items listed , mercury treads and a philosopher 's stone are always viable . wriggle 's is very common to see on him , and most of the time will be a good pick . from there , build a sheen if you are using parrrley a lot , or health , armor , and/or magic resist depending on what is doing the most damage to you . tl ; dr : mercury treads , philosopher 's stone , and wriggle 's lantern are almost always good picks . everything else is situational .
there are not any . you will see your first mailboxes ( and flight points ) when you leave that zone . the reason will make sense when you finish the zone quests . . .
it has been a long time since i played botf but if i remember correctly diplomacy was a must in the early game . if you can not get a few people on your side quickly you will become quickly overwhelmed . botf is not like master of orion where you can win the game alone . you need allies to win a war , so try to keep everyone happy as long as possible to stay out of a war until you can handle one . there really was not a " best practice " build chain that i remember . . . just the early game diplomacy really stands out . that said , there are some excellent faqs that you can find on the armada fleet command website . i am sure many of those can give you a push in the right direction .
yes it is an fps problem and yes , there is a fix - limiting your fps . several sites will direct you to information such as this which will corroborate that this is caused by the fps . it is prevalent with any small objects and even small animals . the swimming is likely because someone 's physics mesh has passed through something else and they think that they are swimming . reducing fps should resolve this issue as the objects and their physics meshes should be more in sync when their positions and collisions are calculated - there is probably more to it than that , but this covers the general idea of why your world seems to be exploding at the opening of a door .
i realize you said " no mods " but what about making one yourself ? you could use the geck : http://fallout.bethsoft.com/eng/downloads/geck.php there is a way to edit attributes of npcs : http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/category:npc then you would save your mod as an esp and it would not break achievements .
edit : i neglected to ask if you are on a pc , or a console . ps3 console suggestion at the bottom ( i am not very familiar with xbox ) . pc -- assuming that you are using steam on the pc , you can try verifying and repairing the locally installed files . fire up steam locate skyrim in your games list right click on the game name and select properties click the local files tab click " verify integrity of the game cache . . . " if this does not help you , you could also try checking for errors on your hard disk using scan disk , in the event that you have some file corruption . this may or may not recover the damaged files but it is worth a shot . there are two ways to access scan disk . i am going to assume that you are using windows 7 and that your save files are on the c : drive , if not , enter the drive letter that the files are on . steps will vary slightly for windows xp / vista . via command prompt : click start and type : cmd type : chkdsk c : /r windows will ask you if you want to run check disk on the next book , type : y reboot via windows explorer : open computer right-click on the c : drive and choose properties click the tools tab under error-checking , click " check now . . . " check both boxes and click start windows will prompt you to schedule the disk check , click the button already reboot ps3 -- suggestions via bethesda forums : restore file system . attempts to repair all areas on the hard disk drive where files can be saved . corrupted data may be erased , which can help performance . if you choose not to enter safe mode , you can manually delete corrupted saves within the xmb menu . go to games> saved game utility . within the menu , delete any corrupted save files . these files can be created from skyrim and other games when a game doesnt save properly ( shutting down the console before an autosave completes , etc ) . rebuild database . will help with memory fragmentation on the ps3 hdd . note : using rebuild database will erase messages , playlists , changes made on information screens , trimming information for pictures in photo , video thumbnails , video playback history and video resume information . the content that is erased will not be recoverable .
oscuro 's oblivion overhaul is one of the best mods for oblivion , in my opinion . you can download it from oscuro 's site , planet elder scrolls or tes nexus . the initial download size is not that big , only 23 mb for the latest version ( 1.33 ) , although the installer then downloads the actual mod , which takes up approx . 1 gb of space , from what i remember . here is an installation and quick-start guide . i would also recommend installing the unofficial oblivion patch ( compatible with ooo ) , as it fixes thousands of bugs left over from the official patches . to quote raven dreamer : do not forget the unofficial oblivion patch supplemental . the uop introduces a major bug regarding the fort sutch oblivion gate , but the supplemental fixes this , among other things good luck !
i found the solution , which is not quite obvious . the short version , install the jawood patch . the long version , jawood once bought the distributionsrights , but was not authorized ( german ) . however , they mixed a patched version with unpatched files , therefore such issues like mine described above happens . luckily a patch exists .
the way me2 dlc is handled is rather poor . if you go into your mass effect 2 install folder , you will find a folder called biogame . inside that , is a dlc folder with a bunch of sub-directories for each dlc . to ' disable ' dlcs , you have to move the particular dlc inside that folder out , or delete it . this is for the entire game , there is no way to do it per character .
from the release notes on the origin purchase page : four weapons : n7 eagle , n7 hurricane , n7 crusader , n7 valiant a robotic dog : a faithful sidekick to keep you company on board the normandy . new outfits for ashley , kaidan , james vega , and liara t 'soni . n7 hoodie : outfit item for shepard while onboard the normandy . from ashes : an additional downloadable mission and character .
dragon language : myth no more is the only book i know of . the rest of the translations done online were guesswork done by various in-game dialog and pieced together by the community .
you could maybe argue that the followers of the apocalypse are " good guys " , but even they refuse to offer assistance to the strip without some coercion . as far as the four primary plot paths go though , no , there is no black and white to be had . all four players have redeeming qualities , and they have all done ( varying amounts of ) extremely questionable , if not outright irredeemable stuff . in general , the moral choices in fo:nv are not about good or evil . they are about priorities and willingness to pay various prices - which makes for a much more interesting moral landscape .
you can use the code below to display the lasers ( in their correct color ) and also give your phone the ability to change your color . as you move , use Q to cycle through your colors until you can pass through the lasers . cycle goes : ( green -> ) red -> yellow -> teal -> red
no . the pc version of minecraft and the console version of minecraft cannot connect to each other . the playstation version of minecraft does its multiplayer over psn . you connect directly to another player 's world , rather than setting up a server . therefore , you cannot connect to a pc minecraft server on ps3 , and vice versa .
for one day , there was a bug where mystic cogs suffered from dungeon diminishing returns . i.e. , if you completed another dungeon , then ran tixx 's dungeon , you would get less than 200 mystic cogs . as far as i am aware , this was anet 's ' fix ' for those adversely affected , so that everyone has enough mystic cogs to make exactly 2 minis , as 200 extra cogs is not enough for someone not affected by the bug to get another one . to the best of my knowledge , there is no other use for the mystic cogs --- at least , this year !
it comes down the " top " of the map , i have been struck by lightning at the top of a tall tower before ! i am not sure whether a bedrock level pit would allow you to survive , going to test this now edit : i was in the bottom of my pit mine today and got hit killed by lightning , then immediately thought of this post . -_-
in case anyone wonders , it appears that majesty 2 has different update versions for each expansion . this means that the latest patch version for majesty 2 with no expansions is 1.1.88 , while 1.4.356.0 , is for one of majesty 2 's later expansions .
as of the 12/15/10 patch , research should overflow as it did in previous civs . any extra beakers that were not needed to learn your tech will be applied towards your next one . carry over on production still does not overflow . it can be abused to some extent , so they may have intentionally eliminated it .
this is just a suggestion . observers cannot be created as hallucinations , and neither can dark templars , carriers , motherships and sentries . if you could have hallucinated any sort of permanently-cloaked unit , by the way , it would have made that ability very strong for scouting .
yes , the progress is automatically saved and synced to the steam cloud individually - so when you next join a co-op game it will have stored which levels you have completed . this also means that your progress is shared across any computer you play portal 2 on . it is worth noting that progress is never saved during a test chamber though , only upon successful completion . you will be able to pick which level to start at next time you start the game - if you go to the specific chapter you want to play and use the buttons until you have selected the level you want , then go into the assembly machine as usual .
the whole point of a " challenge " is to make it harder on yourself , or to see how much grinding you can skip and win on pure skill alone . here are the things you will absolutely need : autopsy ( unlock arc thrower project ) arc thrower designed and built alien containment built live capture of outsider via arc thrower " interrogation " of outsider to detect alien ground base . destruction of ground base , capturing ethereal comm device sectoid commander autopsy ( unlock psi potential ) build psi lab and start testing soldiers for potential hypercomm research shoot down the overseer ufo ( it might be possible for an interceptor with anti-air missiles to stay in range long enough for a kill if you burn through every single boost you have managed to create from captured alien corpses ; if not , you will need to segue into alien nav comp , alien power source , and new fighter craft to build the firestorm ) research the ethereal device build gollop chamber have one psi-active soldier wearing psi-armor and have them use the chamber complete the temple mission . as to your additional questions : you do not get a game-over until and unless eight countries drop out of the program . of course , losing a country means losing potential income and continent bonus , and by powering through everything as quickly as possible you will likely be critically short on , well , everything , most of the time . you do not need to wait until you have got maxed out soldiers and the best possible gear , but while it is theoretically possible to beat the temple mission with just starting equipment , especially if you have done it before and know what is waiting for you at each juncture , expect it to be brutally hard . you will be up against two sectopods simultaneously in one chamber , for instance . edit come to think of it , i would absolutely recommend playing the slingshot dlc if you have it at all . it nets you a high level soldier and a big chunk of resources very early into the game if you succeed , and potentially lets you bypass a number of dangerous interceptions .
i have scowered tiny death star , and as of version 1.1.2144 it looks like you cannot recycle a floor . the only way to attempt at getting another floor would be to delete the game and start over .
agility is not indicated entirely by the inertia modifier . according to this wiki article agility is a product of mass times the inertia modifier of a ship . based on this forum post : the explicit value of agility is not all that important to know when piloting a ship . the reason agility increases your alignment time is due to the fact that it increases the ability of your ship to turn ( i.e. . align with warp target ) . this also reduces the amount of speed you lose while turning and gives you a tighter ( and faster ) orbit . let 's look at a slasher ( frigate ) vs a mammoth ( industrial ) , which are both minmatar ships . given that agility = mass x inertia modifier : slasher : mass 1.075 million kg ; inertia modifier 2.83 ; agility ~3.0 mammoth : mass 12.5 million kg ; inertia modifier 1 ; agility 12.5 so you can see that the mammoth is going to turn a lot slower than the slasher ( as it should ) . there are also skills , modules , and implants that can affect agility , so you can not be 100% certain what someone 's agility will be . skills : evasive maneuvering spaceship command * advanced spaceship command * capital ships skills with a * denote skills that only affect ships requiring the skill to pilot them . implants : the implants list here is old , but it says that there are slot 6 hardwiring implants " hardwiring - eifyr and co . ' rogue ' ay-" which modify agility . they are not in the list of implants here though . it probably will not be worth using these implants , depending on how expensive they are and how much you will actually get out of them . modules : inertia stabilizers reduce the inertia modifier of your ship , which reduces your overall agility . do note that you can have more than one inertia stabilizer , but their effects will be reduced . you should really only use one if you are going to use one at all .
the first count down is how long until that building has full occupancy . a full building can be tapped to send out a walker . the second count down is how long until that building is finished being built .
i would upgrade to level 5 before leaving detroit for the first time . the police station has at least a level 4 hack for the armory , as i recall - it might be level 5 - and you will not be able to get in on your second trip to detroit . so you need level 4 if you want to do all the hacking you can . however , once you have level 4 , you can upgrade to level 5 to break in to an illegal aug shop in the brooklyn court apartment building in detroit . inside of that aug shop , you can find a praxis kit . this is accessible later , but since the upgrade pays for itself and will make your future hacking easier , you may as well get it as soon as you can .
i have tried it and somehow experienced the same bug . however i have manage to overcome it by going back and re-entering the particles-field . i have recorded a short demo if you want to watch it here on youtube . beware there is a small spoiler in the video : i have a red gun
usually in these scenarios , there are blocks on the ground that you can stand next to . when you move against them , you should be given the option to " golf swing " them diagonally upward . this will open the chest and drop the loot . unfortunately , if you break these blocks without knocking them upwards , you will miss out on the opportunity to open these chests .
each upgrade reduces the time to start regenerating by 3% , so : no health regen pack : 15.00 s level 1: 14.55 s level 2: 14.10 s level 3: 13.65 s
yes , world of warcraft can run detached from the registry and is considered portable . you can copy the files in the world of warcraft program directory to another computer and it will run right out of the gate . configuration files are also stored in the program directory ( unlike modern games which store them in the user 's home directory ) . it would be a good idea to use the launcher to " reset " world of warcraft 's video settings before launching on a new computer .
unfortunately , i do not know exactly how much you must culturally dominate a city for it to switch . that number may well depends on your difficulty level . however , i think i can help answer your implied question : this city is more culturally mine . why has not it switched to my empire ? first be sure city switching due to culture is turned on . i assume it is , but this is an option you can set before the game , so its worth mentioning . the threshold might not be 51% this is what you supposed , and i agree this might be true . until someone else chimes in with a number ( or several for difficulty ) lets assume something else is wrong . . . culture switches are not immediate . the city will usually have at least one cultural revolt first , i.e. both you and the current owner of the city will see an event like " a [ spanish ] revolt is taking place in [ city ] . " this is a great sign for you , and means that you passed the threshold ; the city would switch to your empire fairly soon if it had no troops in it . this has the unfortunate consequence that . . . the current owner can put troops in the city to slow you down the longer the city is in revolt in the name of your culture , the more likely it is to switch . so naturally , if the revolt is suppressed by , say , more troops , its less likely to be successful . i think with enough troops the revolts can be prevented altogether . i am not sure of this , or whether a city can switch without revolting first . troops are the only way i can remember the current owner being able to fight you , but there may be others options i can not remember , like particular government choices or wonders ? consider destroying the troops with espionage if the troops can slow down the process , then get rid of them . you sound like you want to take the city without war , so spies are the option you have left . but , if you do not care whether you go to war or not . . . consider taking the city with military if i recall correctly , a city that prefers you culturally will be " liberated " rather than " conquered " . unfortunately , this has the same problem you asked about taking the city cultural : how much is enough ? i am not sure , but i believe if they have revolted for you then its enough . liberating a city is effectively " this city is supposed to be mine , the people welcome me " , i am certain its what happens when you retake a city you founded but lost , and has great effects : the city does not lose a population due to being " conquered " . the people do not revolt , but begin working immediately . buildings are more likely to survive the transition . ( perhaps all of them do ? ) ( does not apply to your situation but . . . ) the cultural border the city had when you last controlled it are restored . as a final note , if you could liberate a city , and a third civilization takes the city , they immediately have the option of " returning " it to you . i feel like i have missed something , i will add it later if i think of it .
correct , they are not necessarily the same . you will receive a random technology from those that are available to you , and they will receive a random one for them . this does imply that if you are making use of research agreements , you should try not to " skip " techs that are cheap , since you want the research agreement to give you something as " expensive " as possible .
i feel your pain , coming from lol or not , i have the same feeling that map is in the wrong position and too big for my taste ( misclicks when retreating to radiant base are frequent ) but unfortunately dota 2 minimap size and position cannot be modified at the moment . both possibilities have been already requested on dota 2 dev forum [ suggestion ] option to change minimap to right side , but there is no official answer from valve devs yet .
to answer the question about muddying the area , no . if you muddy an area it will not cause the forest to spread as the areas where the forest grows is determined by the biomes ( which are visible when you choose your location to embark to ) no soil type . though , trees do sprout randomly , so go ahead and cut down the ones that are on your map for now . there really is nothing you can do to increase your fortress 's wood production . unless you find an underground river or pool . if you find either of those , muddying an area underground will cause it to grow tower cap mushrooms which can be used as wood .
krosis is one of the few masked dragon priests you will meet outdoors . in fact , its not just outdoors but conveniently located on top of a mountain . thus , the easiest method of beating him would be to simply fus ro dah him off the top of said mountain . if you want to do it the ' normal ' way , you will have to bring ample fire resistance as he has a staff of fireball . he is also weak to fire so brining along a staff of fireball yourself or have ample fire magic would greatly help . distracting him with summons ( like the flame atronach ) is a good idea as well .
the story is pretty simple so the game did not had much to explain to begin with , wiki could have something more than you figured out but it is still very shallow . ( check the wiki link to see more links :p ) " led by an individual known only as the visionary , the authority 's main purpose is to restore order to the world by any means necessary , including killing unmutated humans . the authority seems to have an agenda against ark survivors , ruthlessly seeking them out wherever they are found and taking them back to capital prime for unknown reasons . however , it is speculated ( through the novel and a trailer ) that the reason for this is the fact that all ark survivors have had nanotrites implanted inside them before going into deep cryo hibernation . it is discovered that they have their origins within the united states military . on the night that apophis hit , the last of the arks , a " super ark " capable of holding hundreds of people , was taken over by a select team of soldiers led by general martin cross and colonel james casey . with its original residents left for dead , cross altered its programming so that it would emerge in 2105 , and so be the first of the arks to emerge in the wasteland by many years . this set up cross and his men so that they might shape the new world in his vision . "
http://darksouls2.wiki.fextralife.com/bracing+knuckle+ring decreases the rate durability goes down . to my knowledge . . . i do not think there is any other way to prolong equipment life .
the crafting area for the carpenter is just for " dummy " items that show the recipe you wish to make . to actually make it , put the ingredients in the inventory below the crafting area and supply it with power .
no , the choices make no difference to the overall story . the choice of character in the beginning is only temporary , and does not change much - once you connect to the machine , everything else is the same . ( source : played the game multiple times , because it is so great :d ) .
no , due to diminishing returns on resistance values ( each additional point is worth less ) you can not reach 100% resistance to any element through that . i believe it is close to impossible to reach above 85% or so . that said , there are certain legendary items that will make you immune to a certain element and instead cause that element to heal you . for example : countess julia 's cameo - arcane mara 's kaleidoscope - poison
there are two effective paths to lay your infiltrator down along . sniper based infiltrator this infiltrator should be built around maxing head shot damage . stay at far range and use cloak to boost your damage against tough targets . the basic mantis is your best weapon choice unless you can get a widow or black widow . being able to kill two enemies with one shot and hit targets though cover is very useful when faced with oncoming swarms of basic troopers . do not carry any other weapons . if you are in a situation where you need a rapid fire close in gun , you should just cloak and run instead . you should primarily put points into your passive , cloak and fitness skills . the exceptions to this is salarians . proximity mines are very useful for covering your six . this type of infiltrator tends to suffer on higher difficulties . it is too easy to get swarmed and you will not be able to kill enemies fast enough . shotgun based infiltrator this infiltrator uses the other big damage weapon type . they are more high risk than sniper based infiltrators . you have to get in close , and you do not have much in the way of health and shields . this infiltrator should mix powers a little more than the previous type . you need your tech power to disrupt groups of enemies . i like the quarian infiltrator 's sabotage for this . shutting down your enemies guns is almost as handy as cloak to get out of a tough spot . focus on getting that recharge speed down so that you can sabotage , cloak and fire while your enemies are still hacked . in addition to the shotgun , i would suggest carrying a pistol with scope and barrel mods . it gives you some good long range fire while keeping your weight down . this type of build is better for the higher difficulties . they are more versatile than the sniper based infiltrator . with the pistol and tech power , they can fight well at medium and long range , and with the shotgun and cloak they can fight well at close range too .
the developers have now posted a hastily made tutorial for ctg to youtube .
unfortunately , there is no way for you to view a log of what the claptrap says , but he will repeat often ( quite annoying i have found ) . generally , there are only a few sources of quests in any given zone , and you can look up all the available missions in that area on the wiki . you will see that most of the missions originate from bounty boards with only a few npcs handing out some other ones .
you get the same random distribution of items as if you had reverse engineered ( re'd ) each item individually . after leveling cybertech , i can say there are times i wish its mods and armors would stack , just so i could re them all at once . the only reason i can see for not reing an entire stack would be if you were only trying to re for a better recipe , and were planning on only reing until you unlocked it . if you are planning on reing them all anyway , you may as well re the full stack - for a stack of size ' n ' , it saves you 4 * ( n-1 ) seconds !
this website has detailed strategy guides for leveling each class in mu online : agility elf energy elf dark knight dark wizard magic gladiator
my first answer was not entirely correct , after some more research i found this page , with some hard numbers : http://www.d3scene.com/forum/other-games/18935-dod-source-weapon-guide.html here is seems like there is headshot dmg and body dmg . eg . for the k98k : damage per headshot : 275 body hit damage : 110
hero 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : wonderful hero true hero balanced hero little hero sucky hero what rank you get is based on time it takes for you to beat the level and how many of the titles ( e . g . barely , kelp lover ) you picked up on the way . evil lord 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : beautiful evil lord pretty evil lord plain evil lord your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . knight 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : great knight big knight knight mini knight petite knight your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . protecting the sage is important here , because the more hits the sage takes , the longer the casting time will be . princess 30 mode is bit different than the other modes as there are five " best " ranks instead of just one best rank . although the best rank is considered to be "30 second , " there are some levels where getting under 30 seconds is next to impossible ( e . g . , level 12 , beach trip ) . so that is where the other four " best " ranks come in . best rank a - 30 second ( complete level in under 30 seconds ) best rank b - flawless ( complete the level without losing a single soldier ) best rank c - fighter ( kill most of the enemies in the level ) best rank d - gorgeous best rank e - legendary blueblood royalty infamous royal brat your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level , how many soldiers got hit in the level , and how many enemies you killed in the level .
they will have better club knowledge , so any reports they provide ( including comments in backroom meetings ) will be more reliable . their loyalty will probably also be higher , meaning better morale and possibly lower salary demands .
there are several steps to successful dockings . click on images for larger view . set your target as your target . time your launch : a general rule of thumb is to launch when your target is just rising in the west ( unless your target is in a retrograde orbit ) . if your target is not in an equatorial orbit , then you will also want to launch when the orbital plane crosses your launch site . launching : this is pretty standard . one key thing to remember is to set your apoapsis to meet your target altitude . circularize as per the next step . closing the gap : if you are leading your target ( in front of it ) , you will want to increase your orbital period . burn prograde to increase your apoapsis about 5km higher than your target , or until the intercept minimizes . in a similar vein , if you are trailing your target , you will want to decrease your orbital period by lowering your periapsis . also take this time to make your orbits co-planar by burning in the normal or anti normal direction at the descending or ascending node respectively . if you are already within about 5km , you can skip this step . initial approach : by now , the nav ball should be in target mode . in this mode , your velocity vectors indicate the relative velocity between you an your target . keep your prograde vector pointed at the target , and reduce your relative velocity to under 50m/s . as you close in , continue making adjustments to your course to keep your velocity vector on the target indicator and continue reducing your relative velocity . final approach : by the time you are within about 1km , you should have a relative velocity less than 10m/s . hopefully you remembered to orient your target ship such that one of the ports is pointing north or south ( for equatorial orbits , normal or anti normal in general ) . point yourself in the opposite direction , thus making the axis of the two docking ports parallel . now you can switch to docking mode , as you do not want to use your main engine anymore . change your view to chase by hitting v a few times . now use translation controls to line up the axis of your docking ports , thrust forward , and let the docking ports magnetism do the rest . just not too fast . keep it under 1m/s within 10m . as a side note , i screwed up this particular approach because i was not paying attention and did not reduce my speed as i closed in . i shot past the target ship and had to correct . additionally , you will note that i did not in fact change to docking mode . this is a personal preference , and i use both hands on the keyboard to control my attitude with my left had ( wasdqe ) and translation with my right hand ( ijklhn ) .
maximum mana can be increased by use of passives ( spiritual attunement is the only one i can think of off-hand ) , or items ( mojos , voodoo masks , and ceremonial knives can all roll +maximum mana , and possibly some legendary items ) . however , increasing maximum mana is not the most effective way to avoid running out during a fight . it is generally more effective to increase your mana regeneration rate , reduce the mana cost of your spells , use one of the methods of gaining mana from killing enemies , or , better yet , combining them . much like +max mana , +mana regen can be found on mojos , voodoo masks , and ceremonial knives . in addition , the zunimassa 's set bonuses can give you additional mana regen . even when spamming spells with a high mana cost ( like bears ) , mana regen helps a lot . you can also get a small increase in mana regen from the templar follower , or much larger temporary boosts from empowerment shrines and the big bad voodoo skill . the soul harvest and spirit walk runes that return mana , are not terribly effective , and frequently there are better choices . rush of essence can be useful if you are focusing on the skills it affects in your build . the bonus from spiritual attunement also increases your mana regen by a small amount ( more so if you also have +max mana items ) . blood ritual , on the other hand , reduces the cost of all of your spells by 15% . this can be quite significant , particularly for the big-hitter spells . you can also find items that reduce the casting cost of certain spells by a flat amount . finally , there are some ways of triggering additional mana gain that can be quite effective . the zunimassa 's top set bonus also gives mana for each enemy killed , in addition to the base regen rate . the passive gruesome feast gives you 10% of your total mana every time you pick up a health globe , in addition to a major , but short-lived , buff to your intelligence . there are several ways to increase the number of globes that you can get , so this can be a fairly useful passive . grave injustice gives you 2% of your life and mana for each enemy killed in your pickup range , in addition to lowering cooldowns . this can add up very quickly if you have a high pickup radius and are killing very quickly . in general , combining some or all of these is the best way of increasing your ability to continually cast . however , be warned that at very high mp levels , mana regen that is related to killing enemies becomes very unreliable , simply because you are not killing that fast .
it is been a long time since i played chrono trigger on the ds , but i do not recall anyway to do so . the only thing to try is to use the ds-style input controls ( i recall there being two input modes , one more like the snes original , and a newer one with more touch controls ) . if there is a way , it would be when using the new control style . i still do not think that you can move your party members around , unfortunately .
i am currently building a site that will show you the next easiest achievement you can go for to take you to your next nearest/easiest milestone achievement . i will update this post as i get further along . update : i have decided to create an achievement advisor at : www.tf2next.info it is workable , still need to put more work into it , but i have used it myself sometimes to look up what achievement to go for next while playing during lunch break when we are so lucky .
you need a controller for this . first choose different difficulty then press ready for 2nd character and then press start with main character
you are certainly not alone . there are thousands of similar complaints littered across the web . bethesda say they will release a patch for the console versions " very soon " . it is already been published for steam ( pc ) users .
you can see them , even without the night vision . you can see the 3d model of the tanks mines , though they can be hard to spot when driving fast . se this wiki , that has pictures of them : http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/irnv_scope
the background images for a game in your library ( and also for the game 's store page ! * ) are taken from the publisher / store page  and your gallery of recent screenshots .  * if no background image was specified by whoever made the store page , it simply chooses the right-most screenshot from the game 's gallery . methodology : looked at very old games on steam , then some new / popular games . results held up to prediction on every case attempted .  images are taken from the store page only in the case that no images have specified by the publisher , that is .  methodology : i have some old pictures of the guild 2 in my gallery , about half a year old . after clicking back and forth for new images in my library about 30 times , they have yet to show up as a background for the game . to see if a newer picture would appear as a background , i loaded the game , and took a screenshot and uploaded to the cloud . it showed up the first attempt . similarly , taking another screenshot without uploading to the cloud also resulted in that image being posted as a background on first attempt .
four to five bounces should really be enough , especially if they contain servers you currently have admin access ( cracking the password without login is sufficient to do so for a brief time ) , or banks you have user accounts on . did you use the highest level log deleter ? lower level actions can be undone by a high level undeleter , which a bank will have . the only other way to get caught i can think of is that you used the opportunity to withdraw some money from the account you spied on - the transfer to your banking account will leave a log in the bank computer which can be traced back to you unless you delete the log both on the source and the target bank ( which is why you should have an account on the same bank ) .
it turns out it has something to do with the new " structures " files in the data folder . i deleted the mineshafts file for now and the ram usage went back to normal .
this is an excellent question , so i have popped open the game to experiment with their behavior . based on my research , there are no visible differences between goombas that walk off the edge and those that turn the other direction . nevertheless there are goombas that exhibit both , which leads me to believe it is simply a hidden property . i can say though that every goomba in a local area exhibits identical behavior ; if you see one walk off a ledge , others nearby do too .
monk 's seven-sided strike right in the middle :
you will not lose the gear that you have gathered . you will lose save progress if you start at part 1 , you can go back to the quests you already done ( in your example 7 to 9 ) . the way the party system works is that you always enter the game at the level that the host is playing at . if they are further ahead of your character personally you will join them at part 7 ( in your example ) . when you go back to your own personal game , you can start back at part 1 but it will prompt you to save over your spot in the game . you can continue on from part 9 , but you lose out on the story line in between . what you can do is have your friend join you in your game and help you kill the butcher and jump ahead after that is done . edit image :
other than the differences you listed ( price and safety ) , you party heals faster when waiting in a fort/town or village with a manor . the amount of experience granted from training is solely determined by the skill of the trainer and nothing else . there is 1 ( very minor ) drawback to waiting in a town/fort/manor , and that is you can not open the dialog to ' take an action ' and select a new book to read .
i was at least able to resolve my issue with naming . my assumption was that i would type c and follow it up with a direction . however , with the windows mobile client , you type c , and then need to tap the screen in order to select the thing to identify , otherwise the dialogue will not pop up fo r naming .
no , you do not have to use the weapon to get the kill . the majority of the games characters do not directly use their weapons in their attacks . most of them are just ways to bolster stats and give a baseline for damage . the monk , for instance , is a highly melee focused class , but does not use his weapons ( unless they are fist weapons ) . that bonus you see on the weapon is added to your cumulative bonus total .
credit to darth bieber on trueachievement . com . ( gh ) = ghost , ( so ) = smooth operator . sarif manufacturing plant ( milwaukee junction ) : entering the plant ( gh ) reaching the server room with the typhoon ( gh ) after having dealt with zeke ( gh ) detroit 1: retrieve the dead terrorist 's neural hub ( will sometimes work by convincing wayne haas to let you in . if you do not and need to infiltrate i suggest going by the sewers it is much easier than the other two access points ) ( gh ) locate and shut down the antennae in derelict row ( gh ) fema camp : infiltrate the mercenary compound ( gh ) ( so ) locate the mercenary leader ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 1 investigate the penthouse apartment ( gh ) find and speak with tong si hung ( gh ) escape the alice gardens pods ambush ( gh ) tai yong medical enter tym 's tower by passing through the pangu ( gh ) ( so ) find and view van bruggen 's recording ( gh ) ( so ) confront zhao in the penthouse ( gh ) ( so ) escape and get to the hangar ( gh ) ( so ) open the hangar door ( gh ) ( so ) picus escape the ambush by reaching a lower floor ( gh ) ( so ) get to the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) summon the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) get inside room 802-11 ( gh ) ( so ) detroit 2 go to the convention center and obtain sandoval 's location from taggert ( can be done through conversation or sneaking into his backstage room ) ( gh ) ( so ) find and confront sandoval ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 2 escape the construction site ( gh ) ( if you are trying to save faridah malik then by all means go right on ahead . it will not affect foxiest in anyway shape or form . however , if you do decide to take out the soldiers [ non-lethally or otherwise ] , then you cannot get ghost as someone will see the robot exploding ) find vasili sevchenko 's gpl device ( no ghost nor smooth operator ) rescue tong 's son ( this is a pre-order dlc from gamestop . if you have it you can get ghost and smooth operator . if you do not have it , it obviously does not affect you . ) meet tong in the harvester hideout ( no ghost or smooth operator ) seaport retrieve tong 's package from the shed ( gh ) ( so ) place the c4 on the administrator 's desk ( gh ) ( so ) ( you will not see these bonuses pop up because it cuts straight to a cutscene . if you are unsure , the way to confirm that the bonuses were awarded is to make a note of your xp before you place the explosive . after the cut-scene ends , you should be 1000xp better off . 500 ( gh ) + 250 ( so ) + 250 ( getting things done ) ) omega ranch disable the signal jammer ( the only way i found to get this smooth operator bonus was to do it in the first building you see once you leave the storage shed you wake up in . if you try and disable it from the tower you will most likely not get it . i did not receive it the two times i tried on the tower , but i got it the first time i disabled it in the building . this will enable this so and the search for signs of megan 's team ) . ( gh ) ( so ) search for signs of megan 's team ( gh ) ( so ) ( see above ) find and speak with nia colvin ( no ghost and no so ) find and speak with eric koss ( no gh and no so ) find and speak with declan faherty ( no gh and no so ) upload the virus to the security computer and enter the restricted area ( gh ) ( so ) use the leo shuttle to reach panchea ( whether you save malik or not there is no bonuses here so feel free do handle this section as you like ) panchea get inside the tower and disengage the lockdown ( gh ) ( so ) reach the broadcast center ( gh ) ( so )
currently , there is no reliable information or source about the tombstone inscription or its meaning . some people pointed out that the inscription is an anagram for " a epic prank " ( however , missing the letter s ) , which could be seen as a reference to trolling is a art : the purpose of this phrase is to troll people by getting them to correct it ( example ) . a collection of additional fun facts/easter eggs regarding whimsyshire can be found here and here . a little ot : blizzard put some stuff into the game where the purpose of is not known by now , e.g. the black rock ledger . there exist long discussions about it . perhaps the tombstone will also turn out to be another clue to something bigger .
as a general rule : when the menu is opened by selecting something on the map ( such as by q uerying a building ) you need to navigate the menu with + and - . this is so you can still move the main map cursor with the arrows . on a full screen menu ( like the m ilitary screen ) , use the arrow keys to navigate .
the blocks are only destroyed if they touch the wall , floor , or ceiling . to pass this area you must move the blocks in a line ( an ability granted when getting the yellow gun ) and keep changing the direction before any blocks would hit a surface . here is a video showing how you can do it .
no , only you see your clicks and effects on the game board 's ' environment ' . however , there are some opponent 's actions that are visible to you , e . g : minions on the battlefield or hero powers are highlighted when your opponent hovers their mouse over them .
there are various ways to benefit from aliens living in your empire . depending on the race of the alien population they might give your empire some kind of bonus . for example certain races reduce the cost of ship maintenance , however the alien population needs to be big enough for a bonus to apply . some alien races make better soldiers than others . for example the mortalen are better suited for combat than humans . so if you have a planet full of mortalen 's recruiting your troops from there will increase the combat power of your units . another way to exploit an alien race is by enslaving them . enslaving an alien race will give you a gdp boost on the planet where they are enslaved , on the flip side this will anger any empire whose population is composed of the race you are enslaving . a downside of having aliens live within your borders is that they become unhappy if you declare war on an empire of their won race . for example if you declare war on a securan empire any securans living in your empire will become unhappy .
if an ultimate is " scepter upgradable " , that means purchasing the aghanim 's scepter item will enhance your hero 's ultimate . usually there is a damage increase , cooldown decrease , and/or mana cost decrease , although some heroes have additional enhancements ( i.e. . tiny with a scepter will wield a tree that enhances his toss damage and gives him cleave damage for his regular attacks ) . aghanim 's can be assembled with a point booster ( you can get this at the secret shop ) , a blade of alacrity , an ogre axe , and a wizard staff . total cost : 4200 while there is a limited amount of heroes whose ultimates are enhanced by aghanim 's , icefrog has previously stated that he wishes to implement scepter upgrades for all heroes .
there are a very large amount of great combinations . game dev tycoon shares most of its great combinations with game dev story . an incomplete list follows : airplane / casual airplane / simulation airplane / action aliens / action alternate history / rpg business / simulation city / simulation city / strategy comedy / casual cyberpunk / action cyberpunk / rpg dance / casual dance / simulation detective / adventure dungeon / rpg dungeon / strategy evolution / simulation fantasy / adventure fantasy / rpg fashion / casual game dev / simulation government / simulation government / strategy hacking / simulation hacking / strategy / mature history / strategy horror / action hospital / simulation hunting / action law / adventure law / simulation life / adventure life / simulation martial arts / action medieval / action medieval / rpg / young / everyone medieval / strategy / young / everyone military / action military / strategy movies / casual movies / simulation music / casual music / simulation mystery / adventure ninja / action pirate / adventure post apocalyptic / action / mature post apocalyptic / rpg / mature prison / action prison / adventure racing / casual / young / everyone racing / simulation / young / everyone rhythm / casual rhythm / simulation romance / adventure school / adventure school / simulation sci-fi / adventure sci-fi / rpg space / action space / simulation space / strategy sports / action sports / casual sports / simulation spy / action spy / adventure spy / rpg startups / simulation superheroes / action / young surgery / simulation time travel / adventure transport / strategy ufo / action ufo / strategy vampire / action vampire / rpg virtual pet / casual virtual pet / simulation vocabulary / casual werewolf / action werewolf / rpg wild west / rpg zombies / action initial source
aha ! found it - now that i have multiple employees ( well , there are just two of us ) the ' research ' option has disappeared from the main menu and now appears under a menu i get from clicking on my character : it seems that it is possible to get each of your multiple employees to research different game elements simultaneously , so while i am researching branching stories , my other employee ( s ) can be researching something else . . . like stereo sounds .
no , the game never ends , you just keep on climbing up the apartment building .
basically : stay away . she will exhaust herself . rage drains ayla 's own life and has a limited range . if you see her flying your way , put some distance between you and make it less desirable ( or harder ) for her to chase you . use slow , knockback ( for example , healing wave and medbot upgrades for voltar ) and blind ( drones ) effects to deter her ; take cover behind friendly turrets and awesomenauts . unless you are specifically trying to counter an attacking character like that , you should not even be on a direct line of sight from them , or be too far away from something to protect you . voltar in particular is a very defensive/supportive ' naut who should usually stay behind his teammates ( or at least a couple of drones ) . once she stops raging , there is a short cooldown before she can do it again . this is a good opportunity to counterattack if you are playing someone offensive .
you will be able to activiate and play the dlc on pc . as long as the game supports steamplay there is no difference between mac / windows / linux keys . out of my head i would not know a game on more than one platform without steamplay , nonetheless you should always look it up before buying .
alright , the awesome fallenangeleyes helped me do some science and here are the results : with evasion : without evasion : as you can see , requiem does not get reduced by the evasion mastery . i ran the same set up for karthus both times ( gear , runes , and masteries ) .
that is the favoriting feature , on the pc to add an item or spell to your favorites you have to press f . then you can access all your favorites quickly by pressing q , a list of favorites will pop up in the lower left corner and the game will be paused . on the pc you can also bind items and spells to the number keys .
there was a strangers and freaks mission involving michael and abigail where you have to collect submarine parts for her under water ( the starting point of the mission is at the sonar collections dock ) . michael gets a dinghy which is right next to the submersible on the sonar collections dock when he is on that dinghy he can drive to those destinations and scuba dive inside the water to collect the submarine parts , basically you have to collect 30 of these parts to finish that strangers and freaks mission . on collecting these submarine parts i even found the part where trevor sinks that weapons cargo plane from merry weather under water and i found lots of weapons and ammo in that area . i never tried going on the dinghy after that mission but i think you can still use that to scuba dive any time , also that mission to collect 30 submarine parts was not sequential it was like collecting nuclear waste you can resume it any time , as long as you kick that strangers and missions on you can scuba dive anytime . edit : i went to the boat yard and i was able to still find the dinghy there and was able to get the scuba gear as soon as i dived into water from the dinghy even after completing the strangers and freaks missions for abigail . source
yes , that counts as a weapon . specifically the weapon is a card named " blood fury . " if the " weapon circle " is filled up , it counts as a weapon . anything expressed in the format attack/durability is a weapon , the other effects that can give your hero an attack last a single turn and are just expressed as " x damage till end of turn "
the " host new campaign " button says it is for 1-8 players as i understand it ( i am still going through the tutorials ) , you are always against the two ai , no matter how many people are playing .
it does not . here is proof from my recent stealthy , super-lethal playthrough of ' house of pleasure ' mission stats ( with no shadow kill . notice that there are 12 bodies found , but ' ghost ' is checked ) : basically , as long as no red ' marker ' appears on an npc or a wolfhound ( dog ) , it will not count as detected . three white ' markers ' will not count as detected . the red marker appears only if an npc or wolfhound has detected you , not a body you killed or made unconscious . also , here are some reports from other posts : bodies found does not void the achievements ghost , clean hands or shadow . completed all three achievements yesterday and i have had missions where bodies were found . source ( reddit /r/dishonored ) other reports : [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
short answer is yes and no . they may spawn closer but only by a virtue of both being pushed away from the civilization starts and because are allowed to be close to each other . below is the homework done in arrival to that conclusion . note , that i am not intimately familiar with the inner workings of map generation as i am not a developer or a modder , thus i may be unaware of any other possible factors at work here . order of map features placement after scouring through civilization 5 xml files and game scripts , here is what i had found as to how the game generates maps and places resources and starting locations . the core function in the script MapGenerator.lua is GenerateMap() . there one can see what steps the map generation goes through when determining locations of terrain , map features and assets ( capitalization and grammar in this and following quotations is sic ) : assign starting plots , place natural wonders , and distribute resources . starting plots are wholly dependent on all the previous elements being in place . natural wonders are dependent on civ starts being in place , to keep them far enough away . resources are dependent on start locations , natural wonders , as well as plots , terrain , rivers , lakes and features . one of the final steps is to determine civilizations placements , place wonders and resources . it is handled via StartPlotSystem(); function : divide the map in to regions , choose starting locations , place civs , place city states , normalize locations , and place resources . from the steps that follow it is clear that natural wonders are placed before city-states . placement logic is handled in AssignStartingPlots.lua . how the natural wonders are placed there are several functions which the script goes through to determine if plot is eligible to be a natural wonder , and if so , what wonder it then would be ( quoted are comments from the script itself ) : check for collision with civ start location , rivers and lakes , snow and ice . if a candidate plot passes all such checks , we will move on to checking it against specific needs for each particular nw .  check for geyser eligibility . this site is inland , has hills or mountains , not too many tundra or desert , and not too many mountains , so it is good .  check for crater eligibility . this site is inland , in desert or tundra with no grass around , and does not have too many hills and mountains , so it is good .  check for the rock of gibraltar eligibility . centre tile should be in the water or on the coast , surrounding tiles should have at least 3 coastal tiles , jungle and hills , but should not have desert , too many mountains or plains . check for the mount fuji eligibility . centre plot should be on proper land mass ( not the biggest ( unless there are no oceans ) , not on too small of an island ) , and surrounded by grassland and plains with no more than two hills nearby . check for mesa eligibility . this site is inland with no grass around , and has a moderate amount of hills and mountains .  check for the great barrier reef eligibility . it needs to be surrounded by salt water with no ice , and at least 4 coastal tiles . this is also the only natural wonder type with a footprint larger than seven tiles .  check for krakatoa the volcano eligibility . check the center plot , which must be ocean surrounded on all sides by more ocean .  check for rare mystical wonder eligibility . should be inland . after that the candidate plot list is generated , and for each plot level of OccurrenceFrequency parameter ( from xml file ) is recorded . then another function attempts to place natural wonder at random location from the specific list for each wonder , checks for collisions with other wonders , and records its placement . why city states appear close to natural wonders civilization 5 uses so-called impact and ripple system to determine the minimum distances between certain type of objects . there are several impact data layers ( strategic , natural wonder , city state , luxury resource and so forth ) , for each of which the ripple value of each feature is recorded . civilization starts are created with ripple value of 4 towards natural wonders level ( set a minimum distance of 5 plots ( 4 ripples ) away ) . but the city states are also pushed away from starting locations . the reference at the bottom of assignstartingplots script ( very handy resource , along with in-line documentation ) states : the city state locations are chosen . two methods exist : regional placement , which strongly favors the edges of regions ( civ starts strongly favor the center of regions ) , and uninhabited , which are completely random . at the same time , natural wonders are created with ripple value of 1 towards city state level which allows for close proximity . hence , insofar it seems that perceived tie between city state and natural wonder placement is coincidental .
yes it is ! however , early game you are unlikely to have appropriate satellite radar coverage to detect the terror ships , and with only avalanche missiles , you will either need a lot of interceptors , or a great deal of luck ( especially considering the attack range bug ) , since they can destroy interceptors in two shots , assuming you can even catch up to the ships in time . they are one of the two large-class ufos ( the other being the supply ship ) . once you have got your detection network a little better off , you may have better odds . but until you have got hyperwave decoder and some better guns , your chance of detecting , interecpting , and then downing , a terrorship are remote . you can also take " preventative " measures . terror missions are scouted ( with scout ufos to start with ) before the final run on a city is made . if you are consistent about shooting down these precursors , you can often delay or avoid the terror mission entirely . as before , though , hitting the right ufos is a question of luck , before you get the hyperwave decoder , and the aliens eventually use stronger ships to scout , so you still should upgrade your fighter weapons asap .
from the dota 2 wiki : experience in dota 2 is given by a unit on the enemy team that dies . experience is equally shared by all heroes in a 1300 range . hero kills outside of 1300 range will give experience to the killer . ( i.e. . sniper 's ultimate at long distance ) denying an allied unit does not grant experience to the ally . heroes take their share of experience even after level 25 , even though they cannot use it . building kills grant experience . summoned units ( units created by spells or items ) give 50% experience . the only way to gain experience while dead is if you have the bloodstone : while dead , the bearer continues to receive experience at the death location and gives 1800 unit vision there . so to address all your questions , as long as something on the opposing party dies ( and as long as its not an illusion ) you will gain experience if you are in range . if the enemy unit is denied , you will gain significantly reduced xp . edit : exp-range was increased to 1300
ok , so i have continued to play and i just passed the test of singing cicadas over the weekend . here 's what i decided . 1 ) go to maia . the further north you are on the t5 map , the younger the cicada cages tend to be . 2 ) there are many cages out in the map 's extremities , but that is not all . there are places pretty close to the nile where no one ever goes . and there are cages there . some of them are mine , but there are lots of others too . you can do pretty well if you are being a casual cicada hunter by going outside the useful build-zone , but not particularly far outside . 3 ) group up your goals . there are great places to find the important resins for raeli ovens or look for mushrooms or plant and check fenec traps . combine your goals so that you have a better reason than just cicadas to be out in the boonies .
your queen alone can hold off a reaper or two . speedlings can kill non nitro-pack reapers quite easily . roaches can . . . make reapers run away at least , but if the terran player is actually microing your roaches are never getting in range , especially without roach speed which comes way too late to help here . spine crawlers also deal with small numbers of reapers quite handily . if it is mass nitro-pack reapers things get trickier . 3 rax - 5 rax mass reaper builds are quite popular in tvz these days . you will need at least a second queen , if not a third . creep spread is key for the speed boost it gives your units . you will also almost certainly need roaches . your best bet is likely going to be the 5 roach rush , roach + creep spread to allow for expansion , defensive roaches into one base muta , or something of that sort . spine crawlers are less useful as once they have 10 reapers they can one shot them . 6 reapers suffices to take a spine crawler down with no losses .
oh forget it , i found the answer . i will post it if someone needs it , is very easy , just come from behind like this video ( second 332 )
the old ps2 games ( gta3 through san andreas ) and the current generation titles exist in separate continuities . outside of possible easter eggs there probably will not be any direct appearances . except for lazlow . he is in all the games . edited to add finished the game the other day and no characters from gta : san andrea make a direct appearance . there are characters that look like some of the characters from sa riding bikes , but they are just easter eggs . especially given that those characters would be in their 40 's if it was actually them .
no . the achievement is for getting kicked out of the three casinos on the strip : the tops , the ultra-luxe , and gomorrah . the vicki and vance , and the atomic wrangler do not count towards " the courier who broke the bank . "
there really is no good monster that gives you great experience and good loot at your level . if you want money , then training slayer with the highest master is the way to go . if you want experience , then you can try killing deadly red spiders ( they give great experience ) . they are located in the chaos tunnels , varrock sewers , or inside the karamja volcano .
mobs that attack each other : golems ( iron and snow ) > all hostile mobs all hostile mobs > you , anything that attacks them ( skeleton shoots a zombie by accident zombie attacks skeleton ) cats > chicken wolves > sheep zombies > villagers iron golems > any player that attacks them , or nearby villagers tamed wolf > anything player attacks or is attacked by in answer to your question , your livestock should be safe from anything but wild wolves and cats ( except for splash damage from witches or creepers , or stray skeleton shots ) .
after you get all the petition signatures , it takes 5 days for the club to appear . so you just have to be patient !
after the match ends , the whole group should take a few minutes and talk about how it went . things you might discuss could include : what you expected to happen / what actually happened what worked well / did not work strategies that the other team used that might work for you things to be ready for if you play that team again by keeping the focus on the discussion of the game itself , it should be easier to move into and out of a personal criticism at the appropriate time without making it seem like that person is particularly being targeted . besides , if you are playing competitively , you should be reviewing your matches afterwards anyway , right ?
" most " of the console commands in game will mark you as a suspicious player as confirmed by adam perin from runic . there does not appear to be a more specific list available . in addition , if you have been flagged , it is not apparent to you - only to other players you are playing with online . in the instance you have been flagged , your characters ' name plate will be preceded by a red ! . a full list of console commands can be found here .
yes ! right click it with a reusable safari net , the launcher is only needed for mobs with a right click interface , such as villagers .
for a complete explanation , please look at my answer to this post . when you only have 1 weapon equipped ( no offhand ) then the damage will be completely determined by the dps of that weapon . when you have 1 weapon and 1 shield equipped , the damage will be the same as if you did not have the shield equiped ( so the same as above ) . when you have 2 weapons equipped , the damage will be completely determined by the dps of your right-hand weapon . however , since you have 2 weapons equipped it will give you more damage than if you have just 1 weapon equipped , say , as a sort of bonus . i believe the amount of ' bonus ' to be equal to floor(dps of righthand weapon / 10) , however i could not do many tests on that statement so it is best to take it with a pinch of salt . so : always equip your highest dps weapon in your right hand and depending if you want more dps or more survivability you can choose a weapon ( any weapon , stats do not matter * ) or shield as offhand . *except if that weapon gives you bonuses such as dual-wield modifiers , %damage , . . . !
killing the crew in first phase means they will not be there in the next two , same if you kill them in second phase : they will not be there in the final , so killing them can be a good tactic as they may trouble you later . if you kill them all you will not win that phase or overall , instead the ship will go into auto-pilot and will slowly repair all its systems much like the auto-assault scout drones in earlier sectors . it is best to leave one enemy crew alive , maybe the isolated guy on their laser tri-shot ; because fighting an ai boss is much harder than fighting a single panicky engineer . when the ship flees to its next phase your boarding crew will be killed if they are still on board , same if you destroy it completely with your crew on board , meaning their noble sacrifice will not go down in the credits .
this is a common stalker micro technique , especially useful for scaling cliffs in a group and other precision-demanding blinking . order your stalkers to move to a location , then use shift to queue a command to blink from there to your desired target . this way , the entire group will blink , but each unit will do so only when it is in the location you determined with the first move order , ensuring that all stalkers reach the intended destination . so in the video , the player right clicked the end of the near ramp , then shift+ [ blink hotkey ] +left clicked the far ramp .
friendly - and i just finally found the option yesterday , it is in the building menu . spent so much time looking for it !
some items that seem useless at first do have a hidden use . for example , ruined books can be used to create summon atronach spell tomes
for me , the most useful follower in inferno difficulty is the enchantress with the build charm ( charms an enemy ) , powered armor ( 15% armor buff ) , erosion ( extra 15% damage on an area ) and mass control ( aoe hex for 5 secs ) . this helps with the additional disables ( specially in inferno ) , and she does not go in for the dive usually so she can help with some damage . one thing i have noticed is that when she sees an enemy mob coming , she always uses mass control , which is good , since you will not always be diving into mobs in inferno . you could also try swapping powered armor with reflect missiles .
barring scouting some kind of all-in rush coming from the terrans , you should probably be expanding before the 26 food mark . personally i would recommend 14 pool , 16 hatch , and getting two gas geysers up at ~21 food . if you want to play it safe though you can go 14 gas , 14 pool and get the hatch around 24 . if you want to be a little risky for more economic gain , go 14 hatch 14 pool . the larger the map/distance between you and your enemy the safer the fast expand is . i would generally recommend getting speedlings with your first 100 gas , and a baneling nest with your next 50 . banelings are never a bad thing to have vs terran . as for mid-game , muta-ling is generally superior to hydra-roach in team games , as the bigger maps makes the mobility and map control provided by the mutas and speedlings more powerful . if you are falling behind , you likely are not building enough drones early . drone hard early game , keep lings at the towers and one outside their ramp to spot when you need to start pumping units like crazy . with two queen boosted hatches you can get a lot of lings out by the time they walk across the map . personal credentials : 1200+ diamond 2v2 team with both of us playing random .
short answer : ~70% long answer : i looked around quite a bit , and there does not seem to be any kind of definitive answer on this , so i thought i would take a look for myself . i did two trials following this methodology using my level 60 monk : turn off all numbers except for the critical damage numbers ( makes it easier to see when you crit ) keep critical hit around 10% so you do not crit too much . use an ultra-slow ultra-low damage weapon ( bought from act 1 normal vendor ) use a very slow attack . only count numbers that pop against indivdual creatures , multiple-hits means multi-tornados ; too hard to count . get whirlwand to 3 , start tracking crits . play in sp so you can pause the game after each crit for tallying ( rather than trying to keep it in your head . ) this methodology is not perfect because the whirlwinds are much easier to see than the numbers ( they stay around a lot longer . ) also you could do a much better job tallying if you were to record the gameplay , then tally the numbers after . trial one : bridge act 3 nm : 30 total samples recorded , 21 procs , 9 misses : result 70% proc trial two : field act 3 nm : 27 total samples recorded , 19 procs , 8 misses : result 70.4% proc obviously we had want further trials to be sure , but i feel good that i got the same results in both trials . if you feel like you are seeing less than that , try turning damage numbers off so you can only see crit numbers . crits off whirlwind or anything but your primary ( energy building ) attack do not proc . you can proc like crazy if you use dual weapons and are using a fast attack that hits multiple enemies .
absolutely ! check out this post over at guru3d .
the only reference i can find is in the planet baldurs gate walkthrough , this walkthrough unfortunately does not say how much str is needed , but does say it only cares about strength . might wanna get a str potion and try again .
no , it is not supposed to have that many hit points : in the first rebirth , no enemy exceeds 600 hit points ( with most clocking in around 400-500 ) . in the first infinity blade , you could unlock the negative bloodline by doing things in a specific way . you may have inadvertently unlocked an ultra-ultra hardcore based on your actions during the first area . you may want to try creating a new character and noting what you do . if you remember what specific you did the first time ( like say , lost to a specific foe ) , try doing things differently .
all the weapons do the same amount of melee damage . however they can vary in speed and accuracy ( ease to hit the target ) . the fastest weapons in melee are plasma pistol and assault rifle . source : http://strategywiki.org/wiki/halo:_combat_evolved/weapons by the way , maybe this is interesting for you : double melee glitch
you can find the revision history for the steam version here : http://store.steampowered.com/news/?appids=47400 it is up to you to compare this list to the bugs the reviews are complaining about and/or you want to see fixed before plunging the money for it .
the issue here is not whether something will sell , ( eventually , many things will ) , but rather is it worthwhile to keep your stash/bags full of items with mediocre stats , some of which require 2 to 3 ah listings to move ? right now i believe it is more cost effective to vendor rares , but that may change in patch 1.0.3 , in which blizz has announced that they are " . . . looking to adjust the blacksmith costs for training ( gold and pages ) and crafting from levels 1-59 . . . " in this case i hope " adjusting " means " reducing . " my method for rare item triage has lots of room for improvement , but this is what i have been doing when i encounter a rare : is it an upgrade for me ? if yes , hooray ! if not , then , is it an upgrade for someone in my party ? if yes , give it away . if not , do i have an alt that can use it ( sooner than later ) ? if not , are the stats amazing ? does the item make you think " boy , i wish i had a [ insert class here ] " ? if so , then list it on the ah for a lot . if not , does the item have stats that are decent , and the item has +magic find and/or +gold find ? if so , list it on the ah . ( i admit i have spent 15000-25000 gold on something 10 levels too low for my " gold accumulation " set . ) finally , if #1-5 do not apply , then vendor it . all that said , i have trouble following my own advice sometimes . i am good about vendoring rares with truly horrific stats . it is the items right in the middle i have trouble parting with .
according to this wiki : sleeping is the process of resting in a bed , sleeping bag/roll , pile of hay to fully restore your health , magicka , and stamina . in addition , sleeping in a good bed gives a temporary bonus to magicka and health . beds in player-owned houses provide better bonuses than other beds . if you sleep long enough in any bed , you will receive the " well rested " bonus which increases the speed of skill mastery by 10% for the next 8 hours . if you sleep near to your spouse ( same building/cell ) , upon waking you will receive a " lover 's comfort " bonus which increases speed of skill mastery by 15% for 8 hours . this effect can be duplicated by the lover stone which confers this bonus for as long as the stone is the player 's active symbol . also keep in mind that , as alluded to by ryanzec 's answer , there is at least one quest that requires you to sleep in a bed to initiate it , so even werewolves have a reason to sleep at least once ( after killing grelod the kind and receiving the courier message from the dark brotherhood ) .
you can download it directly from your battle .netaccount . https://eu.battle.net/account/management/download/#sc2-downloads click on the windows or mac button to download . ( you can even change the language if you want . i bought the french version but was able to download and play with the english version . )
the option does build a new nether , but the more important thing is that it applies all new changes to it like nether fortress with blaze spawner , so you can get these new materials on your old ( before updates ) world . as you can imagine with a new build , all the buildings/construction you have will be erased .
the monk has many many abilities that extend beyond melee/touch range . there are a few runed skills ( like hand of ytar ) that behave like fully-ranged abilities , but most of them focus on the mid-range . the monk excels at quickly closing the gap to monsters , gathering them up , and then beating them down and debuffing them . here are all the monk skills that reach beyond melee : ranged attacks : deadly reach - slightly greater range than melee deadly reach ( piercing trident , scattered blows ) - these runes extend the range further crippling wave ( tsunami ) - every 3rd strike reaches out to range way of the hundred fists ( windforce flurry ) - every 3rd strike reaches out to range lashing tail kick ( spinning flame kick ) : summons a small fire tornado that hits enemies in a line lashing tail kick ( hand of ytar ) : changes into a ranged attack that also slows wave of light ( all runes ) : all forms of this skill do ranged damage breath of heaven ( circle of scorn ) : heals allies and damages enemies sweeping wind ( all runes ) : all versions of this let you hit the area around you . runes allow you to extend the radius and spawn ranged lightning tornadoes . mantra of conviction ( submission ) : this version damages nearby enemies , like sweeping wind . gap-closers : fists of thunder ( thunderclap ) : technically melee , but you teleport to the target . way of the hundred fists ( fists of fury ) - adds a dash to the first strike dashing strike ( all runes ) : all versions of this let you charge a remote target . cyclone strike ( all runes ) : all versions of this let you pull in remote enemies . a rune lets you extend the range . seven-sided strike ( sudden assault ) : this lets you teleport to the enemy , like fists of thunder . ranged damage reflectors : serenity ( instant karma ) : reflects damage at range serenity ( reap what is sown ) : damages enemies in aoe based on prior incoming damage mantra of retribution ( retaliation ) : this reflects ranged damage to attackers .
you need to get a weapon with a large amount of disable damage . these are : - ion cannon - heavy ion cannon - heavy ion turret - emp grenades - medusa missiles then , you simply need to whale on the target ship with one of the above till the blue bar is filled up . the tutorial covers this as well . the best depends on what ship you are flying , but medusa missiles and their launchers are cheap , plentiful , and you can fit them on light ships . i would say go with them . if you do , make sure to do the missile tutorial to figure out how they work . references http://wiki.naev.org/wiki/disabling http://forum.naev.org/viewtopic.php?f=3t=706
the way armor per hit works is weird . what i have noticed monitoringthe combat log and procs for this effect is like this : a hit from such a weapon starts a 5 second proc on the target . armor is subtracted from the target by the given amount if another hit lands within those 5 seconds the armor values fall further if you do not land a hit before the timer ends the armor is restored to their original values armor values can reach a minimum of 0 .
. . . it was catching on fire . on the right you can see the edge of a hibachi . the block above the gap between the two dirt blocks is then a valid ignition location which would be touching the axle . this would cause the gearbox , which is flammable , to catch fire . so mystery solved , took quite a bit of testing and fighting with fire . why can it go through solid blocks anyways :/ anywho , thanks all whom helped me track this down !
you need at least 100 experience points ( level 12 ) any your party president needs to approve your nomination for a congress . note that elections are held 25th every month .
they unlock characters . you unlock one character after 10 bandages and then another for every 20 that you collect beyond that up to 90 and then 10 more gets you the final unlock . the precise characters gained will vary depending on whether you are playing the xbox version or the pc version .
the point values for catching animals increases after each level i think the most important thing to do is to pay attention to whatever the lucky animal is . if you can string together more matches with the lucky animal before you level up - your score will tend to be higher . speed is important for chaining together active progressions . from the " how to play " section it says you can move other animals while the captured ones are clearing out from screen . you get bonus points for this ! the break time score basically judges how well you did in terms of chaining together active progressions and also how well you did in terms of catching the lucky animal
where did the equation E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) come from ? i see that you say it came from the wiki , but i am unable to find it on there . i do see : for any given level , the experience , e , required to achieve the next level n+1 from the current level , n is : E = 7 + roundDown(n * 3.5) thus , if you were level 0 you would require 7 experience to achieve level 1 , which is not the case with E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) . to advance to level 2 , you would need 10 more experience , a total of 17 , not 14 more experience , with a total of 21 . i hope that equation is not correct ( because i just spent an hour on what i think is the correct one ) , and that would explain why you do not have to kill 1785 hostile mobs before level 50 . i have come up with E = 7n + round(3.5(.5(n^2)-.5n)) - n/4) e is the total experience needed to reach level n . "7n " accounts for the constant 7 experience required to reach every next level . this is the only experience you must collect to reach level 1 . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) the " . 5 ( n^2 ) - . 5n " provides the number of 3.5 increments between level 0 and level n , but ignores the rounding down . because the rounding down is not yet accounted for , i have "-n/4" ( without this , the equation says you require one more experience than reality every 4 levels ) . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) ex . between levels 0 and 1 the number of required 3.5 experience increments is 0 . between 1 and 2 the number of 3.5 increments is 1 . between levels 2 and 3 the number of increments is 2 . between levels 0 and 3 the number of increments is 3 . 0 + 1 + 2 = 3 3*3.5 is 10.5 , and then 7*3 is 21 . 10.5 + 21 is 31.5 the " round ( ) " rounds up some e values ending in . 75 that result from the "-n/4" . 31.5 - 3/4 = 30.75 round ( 30.75 ) = 31 and so you need 31 experience to reach level 3 from level 0 . with this equation , you require 4625 experience to reach level 50 , which /5 is 925 .
as far as i know , what you mention about " belly of the beast " is incorrect . this mission does not require tosh . thus , you can feel free to pick tosh or nova without affecting any of your later mission choices . tosh does not participate in belly of the beast even if you do have him . the mission consists of raynor , tychus , swann , and stettman only . that said , there is a strategy that can be found here that relies on using ghosts specifically for the final mission , all-in . that strategy can be found here . thus , if you want to try that , you had need to choose nova . other than that , your choice will not affect any future choices in the campaign , except for of course which flavor of cloaked ground unit you prefer most , in the event you actually even make spectres/ghosts at all . the two abilities that differ are : snipe ( ignores armor ) for ghosts and ultrasonic pulse for spectres ( aoe stun attack ) .
the health-link description taken from here says : this trait is for champion monsters only and it activates only if more than one champion is present . health link reduces the amount of damage taken by the champion with that trait by linking his hp to that of all other health link champions in the area . this trait can occur only for monsters equal to or greater than level 51 in short , any damage one monster takes is divided between all monsters in the link , so providing x monsters with health link stay near each other , it takes x times as long to single-target dps a monster with health link than one without . it should be noted that if monsters are far enough apart , their " link " is not active , so you can dps them one at a time if you can separate the group
the league wikia has a page explaining " removal of stacks , buffs or effects " . upon death , if the champion killed . . . had built up stacks on one of a handful of items , those effects are lost stacks lost upon death ( one third rounded up , unless otherwise noted ) mejai 's soulstealer leviathan sword of the occult the bloodthirster ( half ) cho'gath 's feast ( half ) in the " ways to prevent death when reaching zero health " section , effects that prevent you from dying always occur in a set order : zilean 's chrono shift guardian angel anivia 's rebirth " prevent death " should be interpreted literally . at 0 hp or less , guardian angel triggers and automatically brings your champion to 750 hp . even though there is a delay for the stasis animation where the champion is untargetable and invulnerable , the champion did not die . but i encourage somebody to record a video because that is the most convincing evidence .
the mouse scroll-wheel works for me on windows and mac versions . the square brackets [ and ] also zoom in and out . see : dwarf fortress mode : main screen
your strategy is good for lower level pokemon . in black/white , a lower level pokemon will gain more exp than a higher level one when fighting the same pokemon . for higher levels you would be better off letting the pokemon ko opponents by itself , holding a lucky egg . if you are level 82 you should not have too much of a problem tackling the whole e4 . try and get a range of move types for coverage and you can probably ohko most pokemon . there is also the big stadium and small court in nimbasa city which have high level pokemon you can fight daily , cynthia appears in undella town in spring with level 75 pokemon , and with morimoto in the game freak building in castelia city with level 75s as well .
as i recall you can also use explosive gel to trip the switches once they are active . gel up all the switches then go over and step on the activating switch . once they are active , detonate the gel and all the switches should go on . if there are more than 3 switches , you are usually in the position to gel the out of reach ones first , then quick-throw a batarang at the one closest to the pressure plate .
there are many calculators out there that can figure out how much dps increase a primary stat , a single point of crit chance , attack speed , and crit hit damage will do for your character . it is beneficial to take all of them into consideration . some skills only take into account of weapon damage , and not dps . for that reason , you may want to consider average weapon damage instead . using the monk 's seven sided strike for example , even though a 1.0 attack speed 1k average damage hammer has the same dps as a 1.5 attack speed 667 average damage dagger , your sss will do a lot more damage with the hammer than the dagger . on top of that , there are many hidden attack speed thresholds for many skills that you may not know . there are very specific ias break points for many skills that can make a huge difference . for example , a ww tornado barbarian or a wicked wind wizard have specific target attacks per second for their main killing skills . even though your dps character sheet might show that you are ' losing ' some dps , your damage output may be increased if you hit one of those breakpoints . some builds rely on having high crit chance , such as the popular critical mass wizard build so you may want to prioritize crit chance over crit hit damage . lastly , when considering a weapon , ' black weapon damage ' is very popular as it comes into play when you have items that add % damage as elemental ( such as the stone of jordan ) . that is why those tend to be more expensive . and this is also why cold damage sojs are more valuable since a lot of people like it to add a snaring effect to their attacks .
blizzard removed in-season demotions as a way of encouraging people to play more games without fear of demotion ( allegedly to increase competition within leagues ) . that being said , the league you are in is just a rough indication of your skill level and mmr ( match making rating ) . if you are in gold , there is nothing stopping you from playing players in bronze league , if your mmr drops that low . if you really want to demote yourself , you can do so by pressing the " leave league " button on the ladder page , or waiting until next season . info here : http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/10117387/starcraft-ii-ladder-league-and-season-faq-5-31-2013
not much of a disadvantage at all , you can easily complete all of the single player and story content with only greens and blues ( but it would be easier with a friend or two ) . granted , you might have to grind a little more for levels ( instead of grinding for purples , so what difference does it really make ) . purple items are not much of a benefit to hunt down at low levels anyway since you will out-level their usefulness quickly . at higher levels , they are extremely important for pvp , because they will give you the necessary edge to win fights . they are also pretty important for end-game raids , because you will need them to survive and get . . . the other purple items . but for the main story , as much as they might help they are not a necessity .
traditionally final fantasy bosses are immune to most negative status effects with specific exceptions ( slow being a common-ish one ) . browsing through the final fantasy wiki i do not even see a reference to specific immunities for ff3 bosses ( most other games note immunity piecemeal when relevant ) , so i would say that is a good hint they are just all immune . generally trying to use status effects on bosses is a waste in ff anyway , unless you are aware of a strategy that calls for a status a boss is known to be weak to ( or , rarely , if an in-game character suggests their weakness ) .
the only friendly npcs in the game which appear outside of cutscenes are spider and the scientists . you can not actively kill spider . when you shoot him he flinches , but he does not lose health . the only way for him to die is through enemy fire . when he dies this way , it is a non-standard game over . when you shoot the scientists you get the " protect the innocent " warning , but you can kill them without facing any consequences ( negative or positive ) . an exception are the hostage scientists during rescue missions . these must not die before all the soldiers in the mission zone are eliminated and you spoke with them . should they get killed ( either by you or by a soldier ) , the mission restarts . but when the mission is over they count as normal scientists and can be killed .
you must first adopt a puppy before you can adopt any kittens . kittens cannot walk or participate in competitions . if let loose in your room they may find surprising treats , but without money coming in from walks and competitions , you might find yourself low on money . this would limit the amount of toys and other purchases you could make in game .
i would assume that the twins sometimes cause explosive damage . if you are killed by explosives , you respawn with full health .
in combat , it is possible to dodge up a z-level onto the top of an adjacent wall , without any kind of stairway or ramp . hysterical strength , i guess . it is a little-known phenomenon because the circumstances for it are pretty rare . that is probably what happened to your ram .
if i remember correctly this will just break your chain . it will not affect your mode meters or combos .
card and e-shop editions are identical from everything i have seen and heard . so all of your bonuses should transfer identically on both . i have not heard of a single instance of a game that is different between the retail and downloadable versions on the 3ds .
yes , it is not the only way to play the game . you can configure a traditional , nay , sane keyboard controlling scheme . sanity lies under " help and options " &rarr ; " controls " from the main menu . the default keys are also rather peculiar but - thank god - configurable . the xbox controller is obviously also supported , but you must choose one of the three methods .
i guess you are on the " speaking with silence " quest . if it is the quest id will be tg05 if not you can simply find your quest on the uesp and use its id number . you can reset the quest to it is initial stage ( "meet mercer frey outside snow veil sanctum" ) using  setstage &lt;quest id&gt; &lt;stage value&gt;  in your case  setstage TG05 0  or  resetquest TG05  this will reset your progress , quest items and followers linked to this quest/dungeon . use  prid 00022651  to select mercer , then  setunconscious 1  to turn off his ai , he should just vegetate in the place you left him until you turn on his brain with  setunconscious 0  have not tested this so i am not sure what can go wrong . as it turns out mercer frey will still teleport to your location ( in attempt to follow you ) if you go too far , however might be used in different scenario . you can also try with set playerfollowercount to 0 . or using disable then enable on him , similar with kill and revive . . . but try them only as last resort since there is so much things that can go wrong with this commands ( in regards to your quest ) .
yes , it is different . episodes from liberty city only contains the expansions ballad of gay tony + lost and damned . it does not contain the storyline from the original gta iv . i would assume the size is so large because it includes most everything from the original game . the xbox 360 expansions both weigh in at 2gb+ by themselves . the expansions make use of most of the entire city and have all the same vehicles , guns plus more .
at this point , none of the gba ambassador games are released . there are a few of the nes releases that have hit the eshop for general purchase - super mario bros , donkey kong jr . , the legend of zelda , metroid , nes open tournament golf , and legend of zelda ii ( to be released in november ) . as of yet , the gba games have not been released , and it does not appear that they will be any time soon - according to this press release , they are concentrating on game boy , game boy color , and nes titles for now . nintendo may decide at a later date to add gba titles for download ( as they did with a few game gear titles ) , but as of this time , it does not appear that they have any plans to do so any time in the near future , choosing instead to focus on first party titles for the 3ds such as paper mario , luigi 's mansion , etc , and vc titles from older systems that predate the gba .
you must collect every little purple block ( as berg mentioned in their answer ) in chapters 1 - 16 . i detailed where every piece is in this answer . when you collect them all , you must align them in the " puzzle " . when a piece is in the correct space , it will start glowing . the final result is : iwasbornintheusa this will end up unlocking different dialog ( a secret ending ) at the end of chapter 19 , if you examine the computer before taking the ladder down .
you are going to have to play through most of the story line a few times , i actually found that i played through a few times and then gave up on the story line to do a bit of leveling up without the storyline getting in the way . this is not only quite fun , but lets you explore a bit and find stuff that you would not normally have time , or inclination , to find when running around having to save people . in short , i found the best way is this : start off and get all the toys for katey - this will give you around 10,000pp per stuffed toy and the same for the others ( marbles , horse etc ) if you grab the magazine : rescue from the arena security office , all the survivors you rescue will give you a 25% pp boost , helping you rapidly gain levels . grabbing a magazine : combat will add 10% pp from everything you kill with weapons . you can carry up to 3 of the combat magazines as well . they are useful for passively gaining extra pp . get a chainsaw ( there is one above the stage outside ) and go attach it to the bike . you easily rank up the points whilst mowing down zombies in the central strip . and this guide i found to be really useful , it'll give you a complete run through with some excellent advice on psychos , magazines , strategy etc . good luck and have fun ! : )
if it is friendly fire from rifles , be sure to spread your lines out . also friendly fire can occur when you have two rows of line infantry . you can help avoid this by putting " gaps " into the lines - as in staggering them and allowing the back lines to fire through the openings in the first lines .
you appear to be mixing command line options with steam browser protocol urls . the correct syntax for a steam browser protocol link that auto-connects is : steam://connect/193.192.58.170:27015  you will note there is no game , as steam is ( usually ) smart enough to determine what game to launch based on what game the server is running . alternatively , you could use a shortcut to the game 's executable with the appropriate command line options , or set the command line options from the steam library properties for the game . in this case , you had want to use : +connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  as part of the arguments to the game .
while surfing the ( super slow ) playstation website , you can come across game pages , for example , this one for uncharted 3 . if you look at the right hand side of the page , you will see this box : if you click any of the marked links here , you will add them to your wish list and/or games list : you can find game pages using the search function on the column on the left
i will provide a rundown of how i did this , as a vanguard on insanity difficulty . so , expect some bits to be highly specific , with some more general advice thrown in as well . your squad edi - she is required for this , so you will have her anyway . most important for this fight will probably be overload . probably best to spec this for maximum single target damage rather than affecting multiple enemies . liara - since i play a biotic , i bring liara to set up detonation combos , which is how i deal with trash . garrus would probably be better for direct boss damage , with his heavier weapons and another overload , but that might make trash clearing a bit more difficult . i have not tried with garrus , though - so that is just speculation . mental prep it helps to think of the fight in two stages : times when you are fighting kai leng . times when kai leng is regenerating , and you are fighting cerberus troops . the fight will alternate between these two stages until it is over . each time kai leng regenerates , he blows up a bit of the floor , giving you some pits to take cover in . the fight right off the bat , kai will charge . initially i would charge him , but found it better to let him close , then do the quick time event to fight him off , as this puts a little more distance between you . as tricause notes below , mash the melee button to fight him off . cast overload on pretty much every cooldown . charge him . this sounds counter intuitive , but after many failed attempts using a mattock/smg , charging him and just blasting away with a shotgun proved most effective . play to your strengths . every time you charge , you can line up some decent shots , and get a shield boost . when kai blows up the floor , he will run to the same spots every time . learn these , and back off when he does . he will recharge his shields as he does this , so shooting him is more or less a waste at this point . back off , get into cover if you can . as he does this , some cerberus baddies will drop in . here is where i would use shockwave/pull and singularity/warp in various combinations to clear out these guys . maybe throw in an incinerate from edi since it will not really affect kai during this time . ( side note - i had edi specced for the chain overload , where it affects multiple targets , so i was able to zap kai a little bit if i needed to deal with a centurion , but i am not sure how much it helped ) . this is basically the entire fight . slowly but surely you will whittle down kai 's shields . for me , it seemed that the fight was over before i got him to zero hp , but i can not be 100% sure . if you just think of the fight in terms of stages , rather than looking at his health bar , it becomes much easier and goes much quicker .
emberscratch mines - are your best bet at meeting goblins its main enemy type in there act i - frosted hils - dugeon if you travel back there from act ii all enemies will respawn
it is in the " modern temple " area ( the 16-cube door ) , behind the large 32-cube door . it'll show as a large black opening if you have already been inside .
unfortunately , sneaky one shots are people using daggers ( i use war axes from time to time as well ) for the most part , not bows . however , assuming the confirmed knowledge that you will never be able to drop all your targets in one hit has not stopped you from wanting to pursue an archer here are some pointers to consider . sneak attacks are your openers . just like an assassin doing a backstab , picking your initial location to start an engagement is key . being able to slow your target is going to give you that much more time to deal with them . consider the poisons that eriuzo mentioned but more so , consider enchanting your bow with the highest charge lowest duration frost you can get . with fast draw and good aim ( which will get better the more you use it ) , you should be constantly pelting your target . also consider the paralyze enchantment in similar use to the frost above , you might want to fiddle with charges vs duration a bit more with this one however . still go max sneak perks , as you will want to often be at range the entire time and being able to drop into a sneak to break targeting will be very helpful . remember that mobility is going to be very key for you , do not neglect stamina ! if you find running around and shooting too tedious and just want to stare them down with your bow , remember you can block/bash with your bow . . consider getting some of those perks to make your shoves matter more . just as the mages ' impact perk is important for staggering , so too is the archery 50/50 stagger perk . seek out +bow gear as soon as you can , every little bit helps . ( there is some in the dark brotherhood and its fairly short to get to , unlike the horse which seemed to take forever to get the second time around : ) ) consider high perked pick pocketing . . the best arrows in the game are fairly annoying to come by . some of the ways to generate these arrows better are to go to places where people practice archery and steal all their arrows , especially their active one , and then give them a single daedric arrow . . they will then shoot out an infinite number of these that you can simply pick up off the target . note that i am still torn about this as this is -a lot- of perk points just to get arrows . . . id almost say go to the fletcher , buy the arrows , save the game , kill the fletcher , reload the game and start the loop over as a more ' acceptable ' way to overcome this . because possible enchantments on your weapon can play a pretty big part of how your character does what it does , consider doing the quest for azura 's star and turning it into the black star . right now it can accept any soul and if you are taking out a bandit camp you can recharge every weapon fairly quickly with a grand soul they give you . edit : technically , there is a way within the game rules to make a bow powerful enough to one shot anything . . . but it is rather game breaking if you abuse the loop too much . through alchemy and enchanting you can boost your smithing skill in an infinite loop . people have made weapons and armor with stats so high that it flips the internal value into the negatives ( so , higher than 2.1 billion ) . the technique to do this is commonly called the restoration loop
what are the [ party ] mechanics behind tera ? you can read a quick synopsis on the official site by reading the game guide entry for groups . however , to offer a complete answer , i will address each of your points below . does being in a party net more experience than being solo ? if you are asking if mobs are worth more experience , then the answer is ' yes ' . being in a party nets the group 20% more experience after the original xp is split . for a mob that is worth 100 xp : 1 person will get 100 xp . 2 people will get 70 xp apiece . 3 people will get 53.33 xp apiece . 4 people will get 45 xp apiece . 5 people will get 40 xp apiece . [ does the party receive ] more or less [ loot ] drops ? the drops are the same . however , you get better quest rewards from quests that typically require a group than you would from quests designed to be soloable . does the exp rate per individual change with the size of the party ? yes . it will vary depending on both the number of people in the party and the levels of people in the party . if you are all the same level , you will all get the same amount of experience . higher-level people will get a larger share of the experience . is there an optimum sized party for the optimal amount of experience ? what you really want to figure out is the experience you can gain per hour when you are solo vs . when you are in various groups with various people . even though it is true that a mob is worth more experience if you group up , your character will get less experience than you would have if you had killed it by yourself . however , it will also die faster since it is taking damage more quickly . the idea is to see whether your play style means you earn more experience per hour faster by yourself or with others helping you . all things being equal , you should end up leveling faster in a group . additional note : quests are still worth the same amount of experience regardless of whether or not you are in a party . more people in your party usually means you can complete more quests per hour . this will boost your xp per hour substantially .
you can just delete them from the drive . go to system , and then choose settings ( when at the my xbox channel , it is the far right item iirc ) , then storage , and select memory unit or hard drive ( or whatever storage device the console is using ) . there should be list of the types of items stored there , one of which is profiles . select that , then delete each one .
no - the leader mod does not influence experience gained from handing in quests , as discussed on the gearbox forum . the experience gained from this bonus is pretty much limited to experience from killing enemies .
the maximum level you can gain is 40 . this gives you 120 maximum ability points as you get 3 pre-picked ones in the beginning ( as pointed out by ravendreamer ) and 3 with each level up . this can be confirmed by a hands-on preview that appeared on nzgamer feb . 1st . also by this image from the in-game manual :
the only restrictions are these : the materials are account bound so they cannot be traded or sold on the auction house the materials can only be used to craft the staff of herding for normal difficulty . crafting the higher grade staves requires that you have the staff of herding from the previous difficulty + the plans for the upgraded variant , which can be bought during act 4 of the difficulty in question . with this in mind , you should be fine crafting the staff with ingredients taken from multiple characters or difficulties .
ice bullets can destroy lava meteors , the flamethrower damages ice rocks more than just normal lasers . gravity guns are epic , because you can suck in the enemies and meteors . but seriously , i recommend you using the gravity gun with any enemy . i hope i answered your question !
it does require you to go into the console and enable the xbox controller . i have got it working fine on my game , i just need to figure out how to customize it because currently it is not allowing me to swap weapons via controller . go here for more info : using an xbox 360 controller with source games
the technic pack includes optifine , which has support for hd textures included . try installing the technic pack first over a vanilla ( un-modded , un-changed ) version of minecraft . then put the texture pack in C:\Users\yourname\Appdata\Roaming\.minecraft\texturepacks ( on windows ) , you can also type %APPDATA% in the address bar in windows explorer and navigate to .minecraft\texturepacks . if this does not work try following the instructions in the " if you have previously used mcpatcher " section of this minecraft forum post .
to unlock achievements on steam you need to play online on trendynet , as long as it is on trendynet it does not matter if you are alone or with other people . there is also a small deley from unlocking them in game till they show up on steam .
here is a translated document of the combo moves . . . oh edo combo guide combo name facility facility facility yield price total cost snack udon shop soba shop stew cart 15 10 240g flower dumpling s . cherry tree pond 18 5 460g sweets bun shop bean soup dumpling sh 15 10 210g plum pub rice shop plum tree 20 10 350g kamakura daibutsu bun shop hydrangeas 24 16 890g lunch rice shop tempura sh . greengrocer 20 8 340g noodle udon shop soba shop tempura sh . 10 5 300g refresh public bath bucket shop nature* 10 6 210g+nature cart stew cart merchant c . nature* 10 5 160g+nature medicine school medicine s . nature* 15 10 420g+nature jizo jizo statue straw hat nature* 10 10 340g+nature rice rice shop bun shop nature* 5 10 170g+nature lucky kimono shop cat statue nature* 10 15 700g+nature mountain dumpling s . jizo statue nature* 8 8 320g+nature hangover stew cart pub nature* 10 5 230g+nature study school library nature* 10 10 450g+nature warrior samurai ho . 5-rf tower nature* 10 5 2600g+nature hairpin general st . kimono shop nature* 10 12 400g+nature archive jizo statue library nature* 15 5 410g+nature beauty public bath bucket shop general st . 15 10 310g sunny park jizo statue fire alarm 12 10 470g shipping general st . greengrocer medicine sh 12 10 300g fried tempura sh . bun shop udon shop 12 10 270g fiery fire stati . fire alarm well 25 - 880g fun zoo kabuki the . 5-rf tower 20 5 3400g scholar school samurai ho . library 25 5 1650g literary library library ukiyoe shop 15 10 900g training weapon shop dojo notice boa . 20 10 1080g edomae sushi shop fireworks tempura sh . 20 12 550g steamy pine tree hot spring boulder 25 10 1930g import elekiter camera shop zoo 25 25 2800g fortune cat statue case shop shrine 25 10 1300g komon case shop sandal shop straw hat 20 - 680g kyoto samurai ho . 5-rf tower kimono shop 20 15 2950g gambler gambling s . pawn shop pub 5 25 550g corrupt magistrate fancy rest . bun shop 10 10 2050g ghost well willow tree wooden path 15 - 295g healthy greengrocer merchant c . medicine s . 15 10 280g traveler sandal shop straw hat carriage s . 25 15 680g battle turret cannon weapon sh . 30 10 850g** playboy gambling s . kimono shop kabuki the . 20 20 1400g vehicle stables handcart s . carriage s . 20 25 1700g clothes kimono shop large store fancy rest . 16 15 1550g princess carriage s . kimono sho fancy rest . 21 15 1850g samurai magistrate castle samurai ho . 25 15 5200g*** karosft kairo statu banana tree scarecrow 35 35 4476g *like trees , boulders , the fire alarm , or scarecrow . **most cost-effective combo for high yield ! ***most expensive combo for its yield . if you are looking for tips on combo stacking/chaining , check out http://kairospot.net/community/threads/10x-combo-on-castle.1414/ ( the thread is entitled 10x combo on castle . )
entering toggleMenus ( or just tm ) into the console will toggle the hud 's visibility . beware that it also makes the console invisible !
you can be detected by these people and still get the reward for being sneaky . as long as they do not go hostile , you are fine . you can make this jump without the leg aug , but you need the punch through walls aug to go this way . this also involves snapping a guy 's neck and will ruin a pacifist playthrough . also throwing a grenade at the wall works , and only knocks the guy unconscious . , or you could just use the ventilation ducts attached to the wall . . . as before , if they do not go hostile , you are fine . the game will tell you if you fail the sneaky objective .
ps : spoilers follow . as per the wiki , i would recommend going to either ( 59,10 ) , ( 86,40 ) , or ( 48,47 ) . these coordinates give you the el vibrato power sphere , which can ( after a lot of work ) yield a new familiar , new zone , etc . apparently all other coordinates are all the same and will give you ocean treasure . it seems you are a new player , so i would think that el vibrato would be best for you .
nfs 2 and 3 had split-screen option . they removed it from nfs 4 onwards .
dancing is first unlocked at level 2-1 . you simply press the button " a " on a keyboard , and it performs a dance move . the key issue of a dance move is that when " dancing " , you cannot do any other action ( sliding , jumping , blocking , and kicking ) , so be careful when dancing ; with great dancing comes great responsibility . dancing nets you different points based on what score multiplier you have . the following levels show what points you receive for each time you " dance " at which multiplier . hyper - 2000 points mega - 4000 points super - 6000 points ultra - 8000 points extra - 10000 points dancing does pay off though . this is from 1-1 ( the very first level ) on the just right mode . look at the score comparison between me , @badp , and a buddy of mines : as you can see , even without the bonus challenge ( 50k points , for skipping checkpoint ) the difference between badp 's score and mines is substantially a lot more .
planets in different/later sectors can have different allocations of ore , as well as different biomes not available in the alpha sector . note that the ore distribution differences can be a double edged sword - if you are doing something that needs iron ( say , you downloaded a new mod that requires iron for its crafting station ) but your home planet is in delta or x sector , you are quite unlikely to find it in any reasonable quantities . you will also be unable to build your planet on a tentacle or magma planet in alpha sector , because they are not present there . the flipside to this , however , is that on lower-level planets ( like in alpha sector ) , you are at considerably less risk of murder , mutilation , and mayhem caused by the local wildlife . even impervium armor only goes so far on threat level 10 planets in sector x , but it will basically invalidate the threat of enemies in alpha sector .
the most direct answer to your question would be to focus on the high stats . if the highest stat is magic , then buy ap itens to increase your damage output , if the highest stat is attack , then get some ad itens would be better , and so on . but this is not the better answer , since in league of legends everything is situational . there are several aspects to consider when choosing what item to get : your champion skills read the skills definition of the champion and pay attention for the attributes that most benefits them . some skills scales with your ad , other with your ap , and some others scales even with your maximum health or your movement speed . try to get some itens to improve your skills . your role in the team you should always know what is your role in a team . some champions do not need to focus in offensive itens , since they are made to absorve damage and protect the cary in a team fight . these champions will most of the time focus in deffensive itens . while carys will foccus in offensive itens , since they are made to cause the most damage to the enemy team . the enemy team you should always consider the enemy team composition when choosing your itens . if you are facing a team that have a lot of ad champions , geting a frozen heart may be a good choise . or if you are having problems with a powerful malzahar , having a qss may save your life . in general , a mix between these aspects can give you a right direction when choosing what itens to buy . with some experience this will be a easy task . there are always some sites that can help you with your build , like mobafire . but remember to always feel free to try new itens combinations , and have fun !
generally speaking , for an elbereth square to be active ( that is , for it to actively ward off monsters ) , something must occupy that square . in many cases , this will simply be you standing on it , but if you want to have an elbereth square maintain its potency while you are not standing on it -- say , to protect your stash , for example -- you need to drop some sort of item onto the engraved square to keep its warding properties activated . dropping a single gold piece is a cheap and convenient way of doing this , as it is a low-value item , you are unlikely to confuse it for something else , and you are generally always carrying some on hand . i am not aware of any reason why you had want to drop a coin onto non-elbereth engravings , however , as standard engravings do not inherently do anything .
the place you configure your sprays is in the options menu , under multiplayer . from this place you can import an image of the proper dimensions , which will show up when you use the spray command ( default t ) in game .
here 's a walkthrough explaining where the battery locations are . when you arrive at the ruins of st . fergus church at the end of the game , you need to look around for some batteries . quoting from the walkthrough : the placement of the batteries is random and not shown by the crosshair-hotspot icon . there are 5 possible places that the batteries can be located : left and right edge of the rock ledge at bottom right ; top of the mountain at left ; top left edge of the mountain at right and dark wide path of the far mountain at center of screen . take the batteries . then , to see the 4th ending , at the end of the game when you have a decision between three character , choose john . then , instead of interacting with the knife , use the batteries on the poet of pain doll located at the top of a pillar on the left side of the screen .
i checked out wikia . com and got this from under the game paradise island . great administrator improve administrative building at least to level 50 . the rewards are 3000 xp and 15 . you can visit the link here : http://paradiseislandhd.wikia.com/wiki/awards
in order to get the liana jungle award , you need to plant 30 liana trees . you get $7000 and 500xp for completing this . this is where i found my answer : paradise island awards
yes , there are two major reasons : any character level you gain will grant you increased stats according to your current vocation , which means a lvl20 character that has been playing as a warrior from level one will have significantly different stats than one that was a mage from level 1-19 . while a lot of this difference can be mitigated with proper gear for your current vocation , it does affect the difficulty of combat since enemies stats do not scale with yours . secondly , and more importantly , any augments you unlock in a vocation is available to your character permantently , for all vocations . some augments from the strider vocation are very useful for a fighter , and some fighter augments are even useful for a mage ( like increased carrying capacity ) . both of these also apply to your main pawn , although augments are unlocked separately for you and the pawn , it does not automatically have access to your augments . edit : i might add that any non-vocation weapon skills are retained when you switch vocation . this means a strider with all dagger skills unlocked that switches to assassin will still have access to any dagger skills that are not specifically marked as strider only ( easily identified from the small class icon in the description ) . if you switch back to strider later , you will regain access to the strider skills ( i.e. . you will not need to purchase them again ) . this goes for the vocations too , if you spend the exp to unlock vocations you can switch between them without any cost afterwards .
first a warning . this answer will contain spoilers for kingdom hearts 1 , chain of memories , birth by sleep , and a few items from kh2 . if you do not wish to be spoiled , then stop reading now i have been giving this a lot of thought , and i have come to the conclusion that . . . the grassy field is not on any known world and here 's why : i will be using these images throughout my explanations . in the first picture you see the field in question . this pictures shows not only shows the path sora is taking , but also a large area of the terrain . the field consists of a large expanse of rolling grassy hills with sparse trees . even off into the distance there are no significant landmarks or changes to this that can be seen . the sky is a bright blue with pretty standard cloud cover . likely candidate : land of departure so , the biggest candidate for the world it would be on is the land of departure , as that is where castle oblivion comes from . however , by the end of birth by sleep , there is almost no world remaining . the world has been torn apart by the dark orb released by master xehanort and mostly the castle and shards of the surrounding area remain , similar to what happened on destiny island . now , one might guess that these pieces of the land had been sucked into the early versions of kingdom hearts that were forming ( even though the two events are a ways apart and occur because of unrelated incidents ) , and therefore might have been restored once sora closed the door , as were the other worlds . but , even if this were true , only pieces of the world could be restored since most of the rest of it had been transported along with the castle , so the countryside would still remain in shambles . and even if it had not , no terrain seen in the land of departure resembled these hills . the hills shown were much larger and steeper . other candidates ? there is only one other terrain that has been shown and matches these rolling hills but it can be immediately ruled out : destiny island . well , not the island itself , but the mainland where everyone lives . it was shown with kairi in kh2 in short cutscenes and resembles these hills . but , at the end of of kh , we see kairi end up on the island , so sora cannot be there . but then how do they arrive at castle oblivion ? i originally thought this was the single piece of evidence that they had to be in the land of departure . but , as i thought about it more , i realized that it did not mean that at all . castle oblivion is no longer at the land of departure and is instead in the realm between , so it is not like , even if it were at land of departure , they could just walk there . and if they could not walk there from the land of departure , then the only other place that world could be is in the realm between . but we have seen many instances of the realm between and they all look very similar to the areas around castle oblivion , not like this giant field . however , if we entertain the possibility , we only need examine the images above . in image 2 , you see the night sky from perspective of the grassy field . it is a deep blue color with some scattered clouds . on the right are two images of the sky around the castle . as you can see , the sky is a much darker color , and is surrounded by very different clouds . even if the terrain were to change that drastically , the sky would be unlikely to change ( even with the kh universe ) . so , there is a high likelihood that these two places are not on the same world . but probably the biggest piece of evidence in favor of this separation is this drawing by namin . namin , throughout chain of memories and a bit into kh2 , shows a large amount of control over sora , and those around him . here , we see a picture of castle oblivion , drawn by namin . drawings are at least one way she controls sora , and his environment , so it is highly likely this drawing brought sora ( along with donald , and goofy ) to the realm between and to castle oblivion , which was already being used as a hideout . so it did not matter what world the grassy hills were on , because they had the ability to bring sora to them , regardless of where he was left . so , all of this leads back around to the conclusion that this world is likely a one-off , plot filler world . at the end of kh1 , nomura stated he was not sure if he would get to do a sequel , so likely he left them in this field with some idea of what was next , but not a fully developed one . once he had a direction , this area became only significant so far as it was where they already were and he needed a way to get them to their next destination . at least , that is one possible explanation for this not being a world we know anything about . .
according to this forum post , the orange marks on your map are " uncomfirmed " zombies or players . confirming the zombie/player will turn the icon blue and give it the appropriate label ( civilian for zombies , and survivor/sniper/other variation dependent on player skin choices for humans ) . in order to confirm the blip on your map you must be able to actually see what it is the map is pinging . this setting is generally frowned upon , as it often shows vehicles and camps as well ( making remaining hidden very difficult ) . it is apparently an option the server administrator can enable or disable .
one way to cope , which is not an amazing solution but definitely makes the game at least playable again , is to boost the crap out of the sensitivity using an out-of-game initialization file . in order to do that , navigate to : C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\Electronic Arts\Dead Space modify the settings . txt file and set the sensitivity higher . i set it to 4 ( the in-game maximum is 1 ) and that seems pretty decent . there are some drawbacks to this , however . aiming and turning in-game are much improved by this , but controlling the mouse out of combat becomes impossible because the mouse rockets to the other side of the screen with just the slightest of touches . get used to navigating menus with the keyboard if you want to use this method . even navigating the map becomes a challenge because apparently mouse sensitivity is linked to map turn speed with the arrow keys . the game 's pc controls are flawed at best , but this at least makes it playable .
yes . the path of an almanac page is predetermined , so you can learn where it will go , beat it there and then just wait . they tend to follow obvious free running paths anyway , so they are generally not too hard to catch unless they go over things like rooftops and the like where you do not have a path to follow .
this is your ranking . when you complete a cup , you get a ranking based on your points and your time ( and possibly other factors such as how many times you fell off or hit opponents with items ) . the best ranking is three stars , followed by two stars , one star , a , b , c , d , and finally e ( i believe ) . the best ranking you have ever achieved in a cup is recorded for each cc , so if you redo the 50cc mushroom cup and get three stars , that will replace the one star . getting higher rankings is not required to do anything in the game , but once you gain rankings of one star or better for every cup on every cc , the game will display one star alongside your name in races . same for two and three stars .
i figured it out with minecraft version changer ( mcvc . in ) . it is a nice little java app to download what ever version you please .
when you overclock the plate bending machine 3 times , the reason its processes are still slow is not because the overclocks fail to increase the speed enough . the machine is actually performing poorly due to energy flow issues . applying two transformer upgrades and a laptronic energy upgrade in addition to the 3 overclocker upgrades gives you a plate bender that bends plates just as fast as any of the machines in advanced machines . ( dont forget to upgrade the power line to the bender to better support it is new energy needs . )
it is actually possible to access the main window and see your full chat history ( since you logged in , anyway ) . once the air client closes down and you begin to load , go into your tray and find the riot games icon . ( in the image above , it is the leftmost icon . ) click it and the air client will come back , allowing you to interact as usual and scroll up as well . this has a downside though : whenever you get messaged , the air client will flash on the toolbar , which can be distracting . ( obviously , this does not apply in fullscreen . ) in addition , you will hear the new message sound . you can mitigate the former by minimising the air client to tray if you do not need it through a utility such as powermenu .
it is your current amount of medi-gel the use of the logo is more obvious when you look at medi-gel dispenser and medi-gel boxes .
there is no skill that has an area of effect large enough to cover all 8 squares of the 2x4 configuration of enemies in the cave of ordeals 4 . it will take you a minimum of two characters to clear coo4 . here are some skills with very large area of effect : winged slayer ( sword ) : ( 3x3 ) dimension slash ( sword ) : ( 1x5 ) big bang ( fist ) : ( 3x3 ) magic ( any ) : up to 3x3 coo4 is still the best level to gain levels fast . the official disgaea 2 strategy guide by doublejump books has a very long procedure for power leveling . here are the high points : make some level 1283 or higher nekomatas by combining , capturing them , and repeating . unlock the ability to create carmillas . in the dark world 5-2 , kill the two carmillas closest to the base , and the geo clone symbol . wait turns for the level 1300 carmilla to get to l2197 . kill 2 level up geo symbols , and wait 1 more turn . attack the carmilla to weaken her ; hold her up during round ends to avoid her gaining any more levels . send your l1283 nekomata back into the base panel and then throw in the carmilla to capture her . repeat the above step as necessary to get to level 9999 carmillas . capture as many of the level 9999 carmillas as you want , and reincarnate them into space knights ( boost your int with all your bonus points ) . max out an armsmaster specialist at 1900 . same for manager ( 300 ) , mentor ( 300 ) , broker ( 300 ) and professional ( 100 ) . also make a firefighter , aeronaut or cryophile at 100 - whichever matches your skull . also make a maxxed out lovers for both magicians and magic knights . also make 10 level 19998 nerds . ( the guide notes that this is the tedious step . ) make a skull in your favorite element ( fire in this example ) . equip the skull with your best staff . everything else should increase his sp . put all of the specialists above on his equipment . teach you skull tera-fire , and then cast tera-fire on an enemy immune to fire until tera-fire is at level 52 . this is best done on an attack+x panel . reincarnate the skull into a genius space knight . switch out the lover on the newly-minted space knight 's equipment . pass all stronger enemy bills in the senate . spend a couple of hours soloing the new space knight in cave of ordeals 4 to reach level 9999 . ( seriously , that is the short version . ) at the final step , and every other step where non-monsters need to level up , coo4 is the place to go .
just inputs , also known as just frames and all those things you said above , work mostly the same way as normal moves . the difference is that they requires a very precise timing in order for the move to come out as advertised . most of these also make your character glow white upon successful execution so that you know you did it right . the game runs at 60 frames per second , and most just inputs have a 3-frame window or less for successful input . this means that you have one twentieth of a second or less to put this input in . the exact window is dependent on the specific move in question . mashing the button as fast as you can is not a viable strategy for just input . this is a finesse mechanic , and not a brute force mechanic , and while i am not 100% sure of how the engine handles mashing just inputs to keep them ineffective , i am 100% sure that it is not a reliable way to get these to work . as for strategies on how to learn these inputs , keep trying different timings until you get it right . once you do , you have to learn the rhythm of the move . most just inputs are followups to other moves you can use , and thus inherently give you a basis to time your attack off of . each just input has a different rhythm , but if you practice one enough you can get surprisingly reliable at it .
it is been a while since i have played that fight , but i hope my memory serves me well enough for some tips ; ) concentrate on the archers first . you can not block their shots and once they hit you you are open for attack , making them such a priority target , that you can easily justify getting hit a bit trying to get them . i forgot if you can climb up to them , if not use throwing knifes . one or two should be enough to kill one . if you have got one , you should be able to get something between you and the second one so he can not hit you . when facing the melee fighters , never forget that putting yourself in a corner or near a wall will reduce the amount of enemies you have to fight . also if you can break free , you can run in circles for a while , regnerating health synchronization . the following youtube user chose a different path ; he just ran away to a more favorable fighting spot :
after a long time with no answers and being unable to find one myself ( and mostly having not played the game a ton ) i would have to say there is no in game way of doing it . i have heard important plot npc characters will send you a message or something if you do not do anything with the plot in awhile but can not really confirm that .
stand in front of the lock and hit it . this works best if you first enter the lockpicking screen to position yourself . note that doing this has a chance to damage or even destroy ( master locks ) your weapon .
the three sisters is an event that occurs between ashe , sejuani and lissandra . there are also some different voice lines . check out this video to see the examples . there is also some discussion going on in this thread .
try looking more carefully by the brick wall where you start . if you need more help : you are looking for a pillow near your feet , which you can then use to silently take out the zombie by the car .
yes there is one significant drawback : if you order your military to kill merchants from your own civilization , your soldiers will simultaneously become members and enemies of your civilization , resulting in a civil war within your fortress . when this happens , all current members of the fortress ( excluding incoming migrants ) will turn on each other yet they will still be seen as normal working dwarves in the status screens . this will only last for those who were alive during the attack , they will always be hostile to everyone including incoming migrants ( yet they still do their jobs/ follow military orders and work as dwarves although they will interrupt other 's work . they will not be shown as enemies in the units screen ) . outside of that , if you do not really need incoming immigrants then it is okay to take their goods .
zerg : tier 1: 150 life on bunkers is much better than the shrike turret . more hits b4 it goes down , starts repairing itself at half health so at 75 hp earlier , especially with increased scv repair speed . shrike turret is ground only and has crappy damage . tier 2:the fortress is much better than the perdition turret . the perdition turret is not better than a bunker with 4 marines and a firebat , gets destroyed often , and costs precious gas which you need for units and upgrades . the fortress upgrade is only really good in a few scenario 's but packs a decent punch , is repairable , and adds hp 's to your building , allowing you to use it as a wall to slow down enemy advancement , including on the last map . tier 3: neither hercules nor predator unit are really required in any mission . normal drop ships will work fine and even heal nearby units , despite the incredible amount of units a hercules can travel it requires a special building to be built and you will not have your first one until you have spent hundreds of minerals and gas . the predator unit is very decent when combined with regenerative biosteel and science vessels , especially in scenarios with many waves of enemies . this is actually a matter of personal taste as far as i am concerned . tier 4: regenerative bio-steel . the mana upgrades and starting energy increase are very useful in many scenarios but in the end the regenerative bio steel will allow you to sweep any map on any difficulty with more ease than normally . also , in call of the void your battle-cruisers wont even get hurt by the rift generators . tier 5: the zerg slower is many times better than the control tower . although the control tower is manually targeted and can demolish enemy waves by controlling an ultralisk in that wave , and when properly used can even be used to build a second army with separate food supply , in the end the slower allows you to move down any zerg units with them doing little or no damage to your base , even on brutal . slow zerg are dead zerg ( do not forget to use marauder slow combined with it to make the zerg sluggishly slow . protoss : tier 1: ultra-capacitors 5% attack speed can matter a lot on marines in a bunker . the best reason to take attacks however is if you have marauders with slowing aoe upgrade . more units slowed with marauders , more dps , and they are in a bunker anyway most of the time . tier 2: take the 25% gas mining . being able to produce earlier in the scenario can save you troops to help with the next waves , and cumulatively save you a lot of hassle . gas is often the limiting factor in the speed of your army construction . if you plan the supplies right and micro manage just a bit more orbital supply depots hardly speed up your production capabilities or game-play in comparison . tier 3: building 8 scv 's in queue with 2 per time will rocket-launch your economy . on average a scenario will have 2-4 active gas mines in use at any time depending on your expansiveness and playing speed . those 6-12 scv 's in food , combined with the advantage of not needing a command center do not weigh up against the increased production speed which will rocket-launch your campaign economy output in every scenario , right from the start&hellip ; if you need food later , you can always shoot your own scv 's . tier 4: science vessel vs raven is again a matter of taste , like the tier 3 zerg upgrade . ravens when properly micro managed can cause havoc with their damage abilities and work wonders against air units . however , if you like auto healing your tanks or anything mechanical , irradiating large groups of enemies and forming virtually indestructible death squads with neosteel battle-cruisers , i would definitely advise the science vessels . they are my personal favorite . tier 5: the tech reactor is greatly superior to the orbital marine units . although orbital drops can be useful in multiple scenarios , do not forget that with tech reactor you need only 1 of each building in any scenario , saving you at least between 500-1200 minerals and gas in most scenarios and allowing a speedy build of high tech units . final note : do not forget marauders slowing aoe upgrade in the armory . i finished the entire brutal campaign and all campaign achievements without that but it made things unnecessarily hard . slow enemies are usually dead enemies before they even reach your base .
if you look closely at the nearby text , you can see that the trial code has already been used on the account . most of the code is x'ed out , because it now just serves to let you distinguish between different codes you may have applied at some point . you do not need to enter the code again , you should be able to simply start up the game and play .
no , you should not need to purchase the online pass if you bought the game new . a post on the official site confirms that the online pass should be included with any new game . inside your copies of the game will be a code to enter on your console in order to play co-op with a friend . either : the code is in there , and you have not found it . check the back-side of any papers , manual , or the fold out instruction booklet . the code is bundled with the dlc pack ( can not tell from wording on the above post ) . the code is not in your box for some reason , in which case , i guess you should contact volition , or the store you purchased it from .
wait is not a steam command , but rather a source engine console command . dota2 list of commands can be found here : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/list_of_console_commands of interest is the server command " sv_allow_wait_command " which implies that " wait " can be disabled by the server .
in redpower : with nikolite in an alloy furnace to make blue alloy ingots with a stick in a crafting table to make athame , a dagger strong against endermen in industrialcraft : used to make glass fibre cables along with glass and a diamond in thermal expansion : used to make a redstone transmission coil used in a steam engine used to make a crescent hammer along with iron in factorization : used to create wrathlamps along with dark iron ingots used to make reflective mirrors which are used to power solar turbines and ofcourse you can pulverize it to get pulverized silver which you can combine with pulverized gold to make electrum blend , which is used to create electrum ingots which is used by thermal expansion and gregtech . in thermal expansion it is used to make redstone energy cells . there are a few more uses , just check the wiki or use nei for it . http://ftbwiki.org/silver_ingot http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/silver_ingot
picks turn up commonly in and around mines - look for the crossed hammer icon on the maps ( shown here ) : how do i find an ore mine ? you will also see them in some of the shops in the villages .
other than the typical solutions such as installing optifine , you can also dive deeper into the game mechanics and modify those to improve performance . vanilla achieves ' random ' growth by selecting several thousand blocks each server tick , checking if they can grow or decay , and if they can , applying the growth or decay . this is the 2nd biggest drain on cpu , behind entities . seeing as its a farm . . . there is going to be a lot of calculations going on . you can of course reduce this number of blocks per tick by installing spigot and changing the config there , at the cost of slower growth of your crops on your farm . there are various options you change to be checked at slower intervals , just a few are : snow form ice melt reducing number of mobs that spawn ( those in caves under your farm still use up resources ) leaf decay of course , upgrading your hardware is probably the most effective solution . it is most likely that the cpu will be your bottleneck , but ram may also be the issue . use f3 to check the ram usage in-game .
these are what grant you xp and how much : alien kill 30/60* regular missions 60/90* storyline missions 120/180* zero kias 20 resist psi attack 10** successful mindfray 20** successful mind inspiration 30** assist mind inspiration 30** successful psi panic 30** *additional xps earned if the soldier has a rank of lieutenant or less and kills any of the higher alien ranks ( ethereals , sectopods , elite mutons , sectoid commanders , etc . ) during the mission . **psionic actions . your soldiers have different requirements for promotions : rookie 0 squaddie 90 corporal 300 sergeant 510 lieutenant 745 captain 1100 major 1560 colonel 2150 psionic* 0 specialist 50 operative 120 source : http://ufopaedia.org/index.php?title=soldiers_(eu2012)#earning_xps
click an empty spot on the map , and you will have the options : move it , leave it , remove it .
two minor considerations : certain trainers can become followers , which basically means you can get free training by training and then opening up their inventory to take back your gold . some trainers requires you to join their guild before granting you training . other than that , who you are training with has no affect on xp or cost .
wikipedia has an extensive article on the elo rating system . also it should be elo not elo because it is named after arpad elo .
the horadric cube is not in diablo 3 . given the diablo series tries to extrapolate from a character having performed the actions in previous diablos , my assumption due to the lack of evidence is that it remained in the possession of the hero who killed diablo and baal 20 years earlier until they passed away . the horadric cube would not have magically made its way back to deckard cain unless it was specifically handed to him . after all , he was not in possession of it in diablo 2 .
the functions not chosen are not lost . you can select them again every few levels , starting with level 5 .
the system is actually quite complex , so if you want a full understanding of it , i am just going to refer you to tfergusson 's party mechanics guide , section 1.4 has all the details . if you just want a general idea though , here 's a table that i pulled out of that guide , summing up each character 's " grade " in each stat . the numbers range from 0-29 , and lower numbers represent larger gains .
they are fairly easy to spot [ bigger than mw2 ] , you just have to check out the skies for a moment . here is a video , so that you know what to look for .
a shield worn on the back will protect you from missile fire , but not melee attacks . this does not apply to npcs . i know this from experience and it is also stated on this wiki . note that the shield worn on the character 's back in the pic most likely caught the arrows while he was holding it .
cross-platform multiplayer is supported , but as of april 2012 , only between mac and pc . they appear to have removed the cross-platform support on android , ios , and the ps3 sometime in early 2012 .
a champ you pick , if you dont own the champ your team wants you to pick . so if you main jungle and your ad carry wants you to pick graves , but you dont own graves , you simply pick eve or any other placeholder ( could be any champ really ) , you tell the enemy that this champ is meant to be graves , and after hte picks are finished you remake the game and pick your real champs .
the biggest mistake that almost all the players make is playing ranked as soon as they get level 30 . you just cannot expect to get above silver if you start playing immediately after you hit the level cap since you usually have around 200-300 total games and you basically just scratched the surface of lol . league is just as difficult as dota when it comes to higher level competitive play . while league is a lot faster to learn you will usually have difficulties getting to the higher ranks ( gold/platinum/diamond ) without the needed experience . of course if you want to get to this rating , you will have to practice as you have already mentioned . there are a few ways to train different things but some things just come with talent or time . trainable things are of course mechanical skills such as lasthitting , dodging and positioning . some things that are not easy or basically impossible to train are individual champion knowledge and general game knowledge ( that does not mean you will not learn them but you will just learn them slowly over time with experience ) . individual champion knowledge now when i am talking about individual champion knowledge i am not only talking about the skills of a champion but rather his playstyle . it is basically reading the mind of the enemy and using his thoughts and playstyle against him . this is a thing that will come slowly over time and the only thing to train it is playing the champion yourself and analysing enemies who train the champion . ( i often train this with a " champion-marathon " which is playing every champion from a-z and i only move forward when i won a game ) . the champion-countering part also falls under the category of individual champion knowledge . i highly recommend not using websites like lolcounter or champion select , since they are mostly outdated and written by players without experience . the most reliable source is always personal experience and you can also look at statistics . just keep in mind that you should not play a champion that counters the enemy if you can not play him . general game knowledge this is also a thing that takes its time . things like knowing when to do nashor , when to counterjungle , where to ward etc . are extremely hard to learn . you need to know the flow of the game and the importance of certain objects . start off with enabling timestamps and writing down dragon/baron timers to keep an overview about objectives and buffs . last hitting this question was already asked on this site but i guess it is currently hard to find . i would recommend to search for a question first before asking it . this is the question with the answer . now as a final word i would like to mention that league is a game where you cannot just " train " certain things . while there are some things that are trainable most aspects of the game are not . the difference between high an low elo are not mechanical skills but experience and psychological knowledge . i wrote a seperate guide on how to improve on these things if you want to check it out . the only thing i can recommend if you want a higher rating is : do not play rankeds too early . start with rankeds after 500-1000 wins . of course if you are extremely talented you can start earlier but you should know how good you are if you want to get better .
there are a number of factions in the mojave that have the power to affect the outcome of the final stages of the game and/or the ending in some way . the point of the " side bets " quest is to get you to interact with ( or ignore ) these factions , who you might not run into unless you are prompted to do so . normally , the ncr/house/legion quest lines will force you to interact with these factions and gain their support ( or prevent them from supporting your enemies ) as part of storyline missions , but if you are playing the yes man/wild card track , there is a lot more freedom in who you deal with/kill/etc . thus , yes man can be told that you wish to ignore them , since obtaining their loyalty might be impossible depending on your previous decisions . it is certainly possible to win while ignoring all of these factions - in fact , following the yes man track can take you from the start to the end of the game in under a couple of hours , if you play your cards right . having some or all of these guys on your side can make things easier , though .
no , a persistent internet connection is not required for playing any of the games so far released in the series . a connection is required for steam activation on the latest game , but that is it .
the holy tree focuses mainly on dante 's holy cross attack , which is more of a ranged attack that damages foes at a distance . the unholy tree focuses on death 's scythe , which is a close range/combo weapon . if you have a preference for one weapon over another , that might inform your decision . some people find the cross to be a bit button-mashy , and the scythe to be a bit more ' skillful ' but that is more personal preference than anything else . the consensus surrounding skills is that divine armor ( in the holy skill tree ) is among the most valuable skills . it can protect you and heal you at higher levels . the unholy tree has many high-damage output attacks though . you do not have to choose one path , although specializing early to get divine armor up to level 2 or 3 sounds like a winning strategy .
the scythe will only become available after you have visited the castle . once you have visited the castle , go to the smith in the village and you will then be able to purchase the scythe .
first of all you can make sure that the game is updated by checking the version ( it has to be 1.2.0 or greater ) . the new patch did not add any new skill , so the manor is untouched . every new piece of content has to be unlocked , if you are interested in how you can read the spoiler below ( informations taken from the special items page in the wiki ) . when you pray at a spiritual shrine , you now have a chance to get one of the bosses ' obols , among other items . after you die you are forced to give this obol to charon . doing this unlocks the powered up version of the corresponding boss , that you will find in the appropriate room in the castle , but only after defeating the normal boss . this fight is different from the usual , since you are forced to fight the " buffed up " bosses with a specific combination of classes , traits and spells , each one specific to the boss you are fighting . this combination replaces the one you have chosen for this challenge only and if you fail the fight , you will just be teleported outside the room , with the class you have chosen at the beginning of the run , letting you enter the door again and retry ( as many times as you want ) . after you have fought all of them , you will be able to get the traitor 's obol from a spiritual shrine . then , if you enter any boss chamber that you have previously completed , you will fight as johannes against two copies of yourself . after you have beaten this last challenge , you will have access to the traitor class . using this class to enter johannes ' room will then give you the last achievement , " katagelasticism "
from destructoid : kingdoms of amalur : reckoning demo item unlocks for mass effect 3: reckoner knight armor : this armor will maximize damage done in close-quarters combat while a beefedup power cell feeds energy into weapon systems to increase projectile velocity . the chakram launcher : this weapon uses a fabricator to manufacture lightweight , explosive ammunition discs . this weapon is earned after completing the reckoning demo and watching the trailer at the end . mass effect 3 demo item unlocks for kingdoms of amalur : reckoning : n7 armor : players can unlock special armor inspired by commander shepards iconic n7 battle armor including helm , cuirass , gauntlets , chausses and greaves . onmiblade daggers : a holographic blade stemming from commander shepards omni-tool , the omni-blade allows players to stab enemies in close combat . once players install and play the mass effect 3 demo , they will unlock the daggers . kingdoms of amalur : reckoning demo item unlocks for kingdoms of amalur : reckoning : twist of fate card : this card boosts the players ice resistance and is immediately unlocked when he or she activates the reckoning demo using his or her origin account . twinned souls chakram : a unique weapon that damages enemies while boosting player health and mana in reckoning . the infernal helm : unlocked after completing the reckoning tutorial mode , this protective helmet increases players fire damage throughout amalur .
no changes have been applied for the collision check between nautilus ' q and player created terrain , however , they are looking for it . but for now , nautilus ' q does not hit jarvan iv 's cataclysm terrain .
it seems to be something related to co-op gaming . from destiny wiki : orbs of light are glowing balls of energy generated by other guardians when they use their super abilities . orbs can be picked up by any other player in the fireteam , and provide a large boost to a player 's super ability recharge meter . 1 the super ability recharge boost when the player picks up an orb appears to be larger than the boost that players receive from kills , time , or other actions . orbs of light do not appear to serve any other function , and are a cooperative gameplay mechanic designed to encourage players to play in fireteams and reward them for working together .
after some practice , i managed to beat the game on ultra hard with 5 rounds . i am posting an answer with my own tips . the game is not much harder on ultra hard than it is on easy , except on easy the first few characters are really easy , but the later ones kick ass ultra-hard-style anyway . i will be focusing on kazuya since he is the one i have got figured out . when the ai is far away it will run at you with a jump/pounce attack , when it is close , it will start a barrage of combos . when at medium distance , it just stands around unsure what to do . if you are too close , jump back ( holding back will also take care of blocking in case the ai launches a combo ) , then quickly close in and do an uppercut/dragon punch . follow with another , or a forward jump kick to juggle the ai . learning to run is very important . storm the ai as it storms you . when it is on the ground , run in close and do a sweep , which will throw it away and on the ground again . then run again and do a jump kick . repeat alternating between sweeps and jump kicks . a good way to open a fight is to jump in and do a throw . if successful , run in , sweep , jump kick , run in . . . at later stages , it is no use doing pounces on the ai when it is on the ground , because it always gets up almost immediately and will block the pounce and hit you . a useful move is the forward jump kick , especially at close range when the ai is momentarily immobile after you had blocked a combo . you land near it , and can immediately follow with a sweep , run in , jump-kick . . . the game has no practice mode , but a 5-round two-player game with infinite time is almost as good . the game is rather difficult and unpredictable even at easy , nothing to be done about it , some fights you will not be able to get a hit in , especially if the ai manages to hit first , then keeps running in and hitting you as you lie down or are in the middle of getting up . strangely enough , getting up takes a long time sometimes for you , but not the ai .
both the unit and the equipment are lost when you stomp your own unit . if you want to save the unit and equipment you will need to revive them with a healer or an item that has that ability .
short answer : no . the text of the lead by example skill states that the squad leader substitutes his or her will for that of all nearby lower-will squadmates . this does not suggest that the squad leader has any effect on squadmates with higher will than the leader , and it does not suggest any effect at all relating to panics .
thanks to everyone who tried to help me out here ! i seem to have found out the answer on my own though . as far as whether or not the blank world on spawn is intentional , i do believe that it is . the intention is that you will go and download the world file form this curseforge link uploaded by jadedcat , and put it in your saves folder ( roughly under the agrarianskieshq folder , then the minecraft folder in there , unless you changed it at all . as to where this folder is , it really depends on where you put your ftb folder when you downloaded the ftb launcher and ran it for the first time ) . the one that i was looking for ( and mostly likely the one any singleplayer would want ) was the " home . zip " download . this is the map with a barn and what-not , the one that was showcased on the minecraft forum blog for a bit . after this , unzip the file ( it has been a bit , but i believe that you need to unzip it ) in the saves folder , delete the zip if you so choose , launch agskies , and select the newly included map . voila ! there is land ! this worked for me , but i will see if it works for others before i mark the question as answered .
no in both cases . when a castle gets a ruler with a new culture , then culture-specific buildings are lost forever , you should start anew . and it is not a bug .
constitution , at the very least in the gba series of sealed sword/binding blade , blazing sword and sacred stones , affects two things : the ability to wield tomes and weaponry without a speed penalty and to determine if a unit can be rescued by another unit ( this does not apply to the rescue or warp staff . ) so , depending on how you want to lay out your strategies , you might want to give just enough constitution to units with very low constitution so that they can wield certain weapons without the speed penalty . the penalty is determined by the weight of the weapon or tome , and if the difference of x in x = con - wt is negative , then the unit loses that much speed in the battle calculations . in sacred stones , lute is a good example of a unit that benefits from some , but not much , constitution . with a base 3 constitution , she suffers from a penalty from most tomes . take , for example , if lute were to wield the fimbulvetr tome ( wt 12 ) with her base constitution as a sage ( con 3 + 1 due to promotion bonus ) , she had suffer a whopping -8 penalty to her speed when attacking with that tome . therefore , if you want lute to be mobilized around the map by say , pegasus knights , increasing her constitution just a little bit so that the penalty is not that great or is totally negated is a good idea . on the back side , as a rather frail unit , she might not be able to be rescued by other units with less constitution . evaluate your choices in strategies and plan accordingly .
yes , spike traps , along with every other thing in the game that deals damage , can be destroyed with retribution runes . unfortunately , you can only achieve that by allowing them to damage you enough that the returned damage is enough to destroy them , which i think depends on what area of the castle you are in .
i keep play smax till now , and it works fine on my win7/x64 . make a clean installation smax ( or backup an existing copy ) install smax patch , searchable smacp4e install windows fix , searchable smacxp103fus as far as i know , all patches are available for smac and smax . then try the following settings in config : the patches above have quite a few of bugs fixed , including operation on fast or non-intel cpu 's , crashes on air-to-air combat ( when fighter defend the city against bombers ) , division by zero when automated units in polar areas , and many others . it even works like a charm on wqxga ( 25601600 ) screen with no crashes on scrolling . and it does not require any compatibility settings in windows .
yes , he would have to have his own steam account and buy the game separately if you want to track achievements independently . a single steam account is intended to be used by a single person only , so it is not surprising this is how it works .
nope - no saving is what makes the pit so darn tricky .
the stats for a pokmon are based on : the base stats the iv for a pokmon ( depends on the one you caught ) the evs gained while training a pokmon ( depends which types of pokmon you battle ) the nature of a pokmon the relevant formulas are : and for the first and second generation , and : and for the third and fourth generation . as you can see , nowhere is there any mention of having a gym badge in these formulas . the theory as to why the game tells you there is a stat boost that , in my opinion , holds the most ground , is that the evs you get from battling the gym leader 's pokmon match the stat that they tell you gets raised . source for theory source for stats
there is not a clear answer , as it depends on circumstances . the game keeps a population of each kind of chicken , and every interval it breeds some , and every interval ( a different one ) robots kill some . a bit into the game you can learn the skill statistics that will allow you to see the population of each kind of chicken . here come the numbers : every breed interval ( 2 seconds default , 1.75 sec with medicine ) , the chickens breed . every kind 's population grows by current_kind_population/1000 , up to the maximum of 999999999999 . robots run every 3 seconds and each one of them kills between 2 and 10 normal chickens , between 1 and 6 iron chickens and between 0 and 2 gold chickens ( all ranges are inclusive ) . therefore , to make sure your ( for example normal chicken ) population is not hunted out , the following must hold : normal_chicken_pop/1000 * 3 &gt;= number_of_robots * 10 * 2  where the 10 on the right side is the maximum of normal chickens the robots can hunt , and the 2 and 3 are to make both respective time intervals the same length ( with no medicine ) . similar process applies to other kinds of chickens . source : the game code
may memorize 's error fall . . . hint : " the error " refers to one of the letters solution : the error is the '3' , so move that downwards ( fall ) . . . as mankind holds its head up high . . . hint : ' hominis ' is latin for ' human ' solution : the ' head ' of ' hominis ' is the first letter . so move it up . . . . and evolution 's end looks down upon all that has gone before . hint : " evolution 's end " refers to one of the letters solution : move the ' o ' in ' evolutio ' up ( because it is " looking down " on the other letters )
no there is no tool to enable you to jump/scroll directly to a point . however , you can speed up the replay speed more than the standard x8 using replay seeker . warning : it can still be buggy .
in general , if i pass an obstacle that my follower can not navigate , i can walk up ahead a bit then rest for an hour . this almost always forces your follower to teleport beside you .
updated for two cities ! in short : scouts : pick up money . they have a huge pickup radius . no money means no upgrades and you can not win without those . money picked up by scouts grants overheal with no cap . pick up the money throw milk to slow groups ( with upgrades ) . use the fan o` war or upgraded sandman to mark giants . use the force a nature to push bomb carriers into pits or reset it entirely ! attack single medics who have already popped uber eliminate pesky snipers , spies , etc . in hard to reach areas . distract giants into shooting ( and missing ) you and not your teammates soldier damage waves of enemies and attack the tank . kritz is useful here . stun giants , especially scouts and medics , with the rocket specialist upgrade can rocket jump to move quickly and reach pesky enemies ( snipers , spies , engineers , scouts with the bomb ) . buff banner to give everyone mini-crits . pyro damage waves of enemies . kritz is very useful here . attack the tank with the phlog . ammo refills are very useful here specifically ignite enemies and run away , letting afterburn do a lot of damage to enemies ( especially fast scouts ) . airblast the bomb carrier and juggle ubers . airblasts can buy more time if the bomb carrier is on the hatch . it can also blow the bomb carrier off of bridges or into holes , either delaying the bomb or forcing a reset . note not all maps have holes/hatches for resetting generally as front line attacker , they can also pick up money . spy checks . demoman set sticky traps . combine this with a before round kritz to lay effective traps for tanks , groups of medics , giants , etc . you will use your sticky launcher more than your pipe launcher . damage waves of enemies and attack the tank . kritz is very useful here sticky jump to move around and clear out snipers , spies , bomb carriers , etc . heavy your main attacker . the heavy shoots down waves of enemies and damages the tank and giants . give him kritz and ammo . give your sandvich to a teammate . use knockback rage to delay forward progression of the bomb carrier stand near corners/tight areas and body block giants , especially super scouts . engineer set up sentry guns . sentries , like the heavy , are your main damage dealing to enemies . keep it alive . watch for sentry busters ! set up dispensers . generally left by the heavy and the engineer picks up their own metal . it also heals hurt teammates near the front lines . set up teleporters . after death , teleporters save valuable time that would be wasted walking . use the wrangler to shoot down snipers from a distance safely . use the short circuit to destroy projectiles from enemy soldiers and demos . can setup the sentry gun near a corner/tight areas to body block giants , especially super scouts . medic heal and keeps the team alive . duh . . kritz/uber ( from medigun or shared canteens upgrade ) to mow down the enemy . kritz the heavy or pyro for tanks . kritz a demo before the round to lay crit sticky traps . use the shield to protect teammaters from incoming damage . very useful , use this as much as possible . can be used to clear a wave of regular robots or spies from a crowd . revive fallen teammates . when players die they drop a box on the ground with a hologram of their class . medics can " heal " that box and revive players . sniper headshot giants for extra damage . combine with explosive headshots to clear groups of robots . throw jarate to give more damage to giants or waves of enemies . will slow if the upgrade is chosen for it . sydney sleeper gives jarate effect to giants and other enemies . counter snipe other snipers . spy sap waves of enemies . the sap also reduces giant 's armor and speed . this is very important for waves with giants and uber medics . stab giants . in later waves , with many upgrades , you can stab giants for high damage before they turn and shoot you . you can solo giant medics as they will not turn around . stab groups of enemies , especially sapped ones or medics . destroy robot engineer nests . pick up money . as a front line attacker with a disguise the spy can easily pick up money . go after pesky snipers . a general setup for the two cities maps is engineer , heavy , scout , medic , demo and soldier . this is flexible but the most common and successful setup i have seen . generally snipers are not favored . map selection and current wave lineup can favor or handicap other classes like pyro , spy , sniper , etc . generally a scout switches to a different class on the last wave and refunds their upgrades for whatever is needed ( phlog pyro for tanks , spy for giants , second heavy , etc . ) this is all from my general experience in playing . there is more i am sure i am missing which i will add later . keep in mind everyone plays the classes a little different : some scouts like to use bonk , some soldiers like to use the concherer , etc .
vikings benefit from upgrading ship weapons even when they have landed . i made this video to show it :
it really depends on the type of enemy you are fighting . it is a pure counter to the chenjesu broodhome , as the energy recharges sproadically so the dog can not get to them easily . the umgah drone weapon does insane damage and can usually block/destroy any incoming projectile weapons ( awesome against the chenjesu broodhome crystal attacks ) . . i find often that if i am able to turn and face the enemy , i would just charge blinding forward , get close enough to blast them . this works best if the enemy moves slowly or have a giant planet behind them . another technique i use is using the edges of the cone attack to nick the enemy . the width of the corn is much greater size than your ship . as long as i am close enough to zip toward them , i turn my ship in such a way that as i zip past them , the corners of my cone attack nicks the enemy , which is usually sufficient to do great amount of damage .
i ended up buying the wii u version . i play on the gamepad , and if anyone joins me they use a regular wii remote + nunchuck . switching characters and using the map is a lot easier using the gamepad . i zoom around the map and pick from the gigantic list of characters simply by tapping and dragging on the gamepad , without ever opening a menu on screen . the other player has to struggle with tiny menus ( because of the split screen ) and an intrusive map . i think another difference between the wii u version and the ps3 version is the lack of dlc for the wii u , but i can not really find a lot of information about that . it could be that the dlc characters are already available to unlock on the wii u using a code . so , i would say that character selection and map on the gamepad is the main difference between the wii u version and other versions ( except maybe for the 3ds ) .
in addition to doomsayer , kel-thuzad apparently does not let you play any minion-wiping cards , such as equality . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/the_four_horsemen also , kel'thuzad will not let you play alexstrasza against loatheb , which would make that encounter significantly easier . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/loatheb_(hero) there may be additional restrictions , bearing in mind that 2 more areas are not released yet .
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
you will want to split the signal ( just put branching redstone like a t shape ) coming from the lever and reverse it for one of the pistons using a not gate . that will mean when one has power , the other does not . if the timing is off , you can also put repeaters after the split so one has a bit of a delay .
no . the amount of cookies gained from popping a wrinkler is not affected by the multipliers ( or , for that matter , the clotting ) , or the " click frenzy ( x777 ) " ones that can also appear . the number of cookies leeched by the wrinkler ( and thus returned when popped ) is , however , affected by these multipliers .
the distance that your new portal needs to be away from the old one is not terribly large , only 128 blocks , but it is measured in terms of the destination world ; every block in the nether is worth eight in the overworld , meaning you will need to move around 1024 blocks or so away to keep a new portal from joining the one that already exists in the nether . i say " around 1024 blocks or so " , because the existing portal on the nether side may already be some distance away from the location that would best match up with the existing overworld portal . there are , however , a few other options . you could try building a bridge across the lava on the nether side . painful and awkward , but once across , you could build a new nether portal on that end , destroy the nether-side one that exists ( just punching it to turn it off should suffice ) , and hope that the new nether-side portal successfully connects to your existing one . alternatively , you might be able to make a suicide run through the portal , destroy the island so it is no longer a valid spot ( and also destroy the portal on that side , too ) , then once you die and respawn on the overworld side , a quick trip through should trigger the creation of a whole new nether-side portal , which might not be in such a poor location .
here is an alternative research tree that you might find userful http://www.xdude.com/images/xcom-enemy-unknown-2012-tech-tree-research-chart.png
i am fairly certain the incorrect values in the lower right are a bug/defect in the game . occasionally i have witnessed multiple alien targets all showing as 1% , despite being in the open with no cover . i have not conducted extensive testing to confirm , but i believe the values that appear when targeting the creature ( top center in the image ) are correct .
it seems to me that once you pick up an item it becomes yours . the only issue is if someone spots you picking up an owned item ; that is when the trouble starts . so yes , you can steal the potion and use it for the quest .
the best thing you can do is minimize your interaction with objects , esp trash objects . skyrim has to track the position of every cup you knock off the table , so the more you disturb the " natural " world , the bigger your save file becomes . you can also allow time to pass ( as you mentioned ) , turn off or reduce the number of autosaves , and keep 2gb of free space on your hard drive . see also : tips to reduce skyrim lag edit : it seems the ps3 has a safe mode feature that may also help ; it is linked in the 2gb free space link .
it seems that the game does not attempt to sell things to you if you do not have the cash : it will only send trucks filled with resources you can afford at the time , and should you drop below that amount before they get to the trade building they will turn around and leave . therefore , you cannot go into the bankruptcy state via importing .
there are some minor hints in-game : if , on top of the list of the quests for any given act when trying to join a public game , you have e.g. " act i - any quest " , that means you have completed all the quests in this act . if on the list of the quests for any act you see a gap in numbering , it is clear that these are the quests you are missing . start on the last quest before the gap , and play till the first quest after the gap . when selecting quests , you also can select a step of the quest , you have already done . most quests have some easily distinguishable end-step . as your last resort you could check which of the quests is missing it . tip : look for steps named like " return to [ name ] " . using these i was always able to finally track down missing quests , but it is far from convenient .
it was not obvious to me from the tutorial , but in the forest section you have the option to plant or sell " tree spawners " . flowers and mushrooms only spawn in empty locations , where no trees are planted . if you want more flowers , sell or bag up all your tree spawners . if you want more wood , plant more trees or pull some out that you stored in your bag . trees are pretty cheap , so even if you sell and rebuy over and over it is not a very big financial penalty .
yes . there are a number of damage calculators out there . this covers both the damage side and attack speed sides of the coin at once . alternatively , for more complex questions , such as factoring in werewolf attack speed , zeal , jab etc , i refer you to this for a good list , if slightly dated . the reference bible i used to use when playing d2 was this . for an more recent compilation , this provides a reasonably thorough ( at least as of 1.11 ) compendium . i hope that helps . there is so much good information out there on d2 , as it has been around so long and was so popular , that i did not think it constructive to reinvent the wheel and write down formulae here : )
there are often cases when one of the teams has a really strong player that can win 2x1 or even 3x1 , while the rest of his teammates are considerably weaker and underfarmed . usually this is a sign of overfarming yourself ( i am not saying that you steal kills , but if you do have a considerable damage output , it just " happens" ) or sub-standard team play . i am not sure there is a champion that can sustain a 5x1 against a semi-competent team in any part of the game , regardless of equipment , so overfarming yourself at the expense of your teammates is hardly the best strategy to win the game . take a look at your assists at the end of a typical game and compare yourself to the rest of the team . i make it a point for myself to have the higher number of assists among my teammates ( i play tanks and supports 90% of the time ) , and that correlates well with whether we lose or win a game . i have won games with 0/9/22 , and lost games with 17/4/8 . if i have less than average assists , i have failed my teammates . so , the best thing to do is to strengthen your team play ( i know this is not always possible without premade teams , but at higher levels of play you can get a lot of stuff done with people you do not know ) . some things you might want to consider if you find yourself earning more than you should , but still losing the game : participate in ganks fights with them , do not just wander around in a hunt for a weak unprotected carry or support . leave your teammates to deliver the death blow when a kill is inevitable , and kill yourself only when the target would escape otherwise . push in coordination when you have advantage of two or more alive champions at a given time . be careful when attacking . master yi can blink in and out of battle quickly , but some of your teammates might not be so mobile . do not attack just because you think you can escape , your teammates are likely to commit to an attack and die , when your purpose was only harassing . being overfed , you are more likely to be focused , so do not get cocky and avoid situations when you are alone against an overwhelming opponent , even if you are likely to kill one or two before dying . a dead carry is often the cause for being steamrolled and losing the game -- the opposing team can often crush the final towers in a minute or so while you wait to be revived . relieve your support from buying wards . pure supports are notoriously cash-strapped all game , and while their cores are cheap , they could always appreciate some extra punch in terms of equipment . plus , if they purchase team buffs ( which they often do ) , it will be a good investment for your extra money .
that is what is known as a set piece . there are several set pieces in the game ; some useful , some not so useful . the one you are looking at , which has been called the " insane pig " by some members of the community , is absolutely worthless . there seems to be nothing special about the pig or home within the indestructible basalt . they act just like a normal pig and home anywhere else on your world , producing the same items upon death/destruction as the others . as for the obelisks , well , you can infiltrate those ( and it is probably why it got the name " insane pig" ) . in order to lower the obelisks , allowing you walk across them , you must lower your sanity to ~15 or lower . so , it is really up to you if you think that is worth it .
are you sure the pet in question is charmable ? you need to find a " juvenile " version of the animal - not just any random mob . " hatchling " or " young " does not count ; it must be a juvenile ! be careful , because you might also be trying to tame another player 's pet - if a player has not named their pet , it will remain " juvenile x " , and may give no other indicator that it belongs to another player . finally , you may have already tamed one of those animals . rangers are limited to 1 of each unique pet - you can not tame multiple pink moas , no matter how cute you might find them .
it appears that you can use it multiple times , but you are restricted to using it once per hour , and will be blocked from using it during certain missions .
Documents\My Games\Skyrim\Saves or My Documents\My Games\Skyrim\Saves if you are on windows xp or below .
any skill that hits multiple times or hits multiple enemies can crit on each hit . additionally , any crit can cause on-hit effects , regardless of whether or not it is part of the same attack or not . this is why a greatsword warrior is good at proccing " on-crit " effects -- 100 blades hits 8 times over its 3.5 second duration , which means that on-crit effects can trigger multiple times ( though most sigils have a cooldown period before they can be triggered again ) . a fire elementalist mh dagger is also good for a crit build , since they get 3 claw attacks every . 5 seconds .
unfortunately currently there is no way to disable these announcements . ( i assume you are asking about the eu or na version of the game )
unfortunately , it is not possible to do delete the mayor of a town . the only option is to re-create your town . when isabelle asks you " shall we get you started ? " on the main screen , the process of deleting a character is usually " i need help first . . . " -> " demolish my home . " if you do this on any other character except for the mayor , that character and his/her house will be removed from the game . however , if you attempt to do this as the mayor , isabelle will initially freak out , and then start to cry , explaining that the town cannot function without a mayor . instead , she offers the suggestion that if you really want to start over , you will have to select " re-create the town . " , which will erase both the mayor , the town , and all of its citizens .
i think what you are referring to is " pokerus " , and it has a purple " pkrs " next to the nature of the pokemon . pokerus causes the infected pokemon to gain twice as many " effort values " ( evs ) as normal , even after the duration of the infection . this causes it to become stronger more quickly than other pokemon . pokerus can not be cured in any way , and any one pokemon can only have pokerus once , after which it will be immune . pokerus is a transmittable disease , which can be transmitted to any other pokemon that has not had the disease before , and is directly next to a pokemon that currently has the disease in the party .
using revolution is in essence you going " all in " ( in terms of poker ) . the best times to use this is when you want that extra little boost to tip the scale in your favor . this scale tipping does not last very long and is rather risky , but if you take advantage of it , that is all you will need to win the game . there are a couple things that could spell doom for you however : you lose the proceeding battle : if you lose your army , you will have a very difficult and slow time getting it back unless you have saved a large amount of resources or have a solid income of xp for shipments . your enemy advances to the fifth age : there are many technologies that drastically improve the military and economy in the fifth age that are impossible to obtain once you revolt . i usually only use revolution when i do not have the time/resources to advance to the fifth age , and i am also pretty sure that my enemy does not have time either . if i am right , it usually spells victory for me . if i am wrong , it usually spells defeat .
there are some serious issues with the pc port of prototype 2 , from what i can gather . most people who have complained about the game 's performance have been running on ati graphics - i am not sure that 100% of the people having issues are ati'ers , but from my sample size of probably 20-30 people , i have found most nvidia graphics users to say " it runs great ! " and most ati graphics users to say " wow , this stinks ! " i went through and collected and collated all the suggested solutions to the problem over here , on my blog but the #1 thing that actually helped me was setting the processor affinity . if i use task manager to force the processor affinity of prototype2 . exe to only core 0 , the game runs smoothly without issues . if i do not , then i get all sorts of performance issues - sometimes the input lags , often times the frame rate drops like a rock , etc . if that does not work , you can try some of the things that others suggested and had good luck with , but that is where i would start .
certain keys will not work when pressed together due to the way multi-key rollover is implemented . there is no software solution as it is a hardware limitation - some keyboards support more keys simultaneously than others , but you can not change how your keyboard handles it . keys like shift , alt and ctrl tend to be special cases - they are almost always used with other keys so keyboard manufacturers tend to ensure that they do not exhibit rollover problems . as ayckoster points out , " gaming " keyboards exist , with higher-than-normal rollover counts . true " n-key-rollover " requires that the keyboard recognise all keys when pressed simultaneously , but a limitation in the usb interface prevents this over that interface requiring the use of a ps/2 connection in most cases . apparently , cooler master now have a keyboard that supports full n-key-rollover over usb , so possibly some sort of keyboard driver can work around the issue with usb 's signalling .
according to the wiki , there are three types of zombies : walkers : these zombies stand upright and walk slowly . they run very fast in zigzags at the player and are often hard to hit . they are the most common zombie type . hoppers : these zombies are crouched and hop towards the player at a medium speed flailing their arms once agroed , they can be hard to see and often blend in with grass on approach . crawlers : these zombies are the rarest and are in prone position , they can be very difficult to see in the grass and are the quickest of zombies when they arn't aggroed . however , this is the slowest zombie when they are aggroed . there will also be dogs in the future : meanwhile , hall has confirmed that dogs are coming to dayz - in all likelihood , they will be german shepherds , he said .
all your stats are boosted , no matter whether they are based on your character ( like health or stamina ) or your actual items . just keep in mind that due to this items will scale similar to how your character is scaled . for example , if you are indeed level 10 and your weapon is level 5 , then do not expect to have the equivalent of a level 50 weapon . it will be more likely around level 40 or even lower .
yes , dot spells can crit in diablo 3 . here is a link to some research , that shows the following facts : dots can crit , but they display as white , not yellow . some dots crit per tick , i.e. , each tick can crit individually . some dots crit per cast , i.e. , the whole spell can crit , making all ticks higher . some spells that jump to new targets recalculate whether they crit when they jump . there is a list of spells tested in the thread : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5911881247
they are both official headsets , the top one came out on october 2008 and the bottom one was announced november 2010 and replaced it . they have identical features and use , with the latter model having better audio cancelation technology . there is another official ps3 headset , the official stereo headset , which is used for the game 's audio as well as voice chat . it connects to the console by usb ( not bluetooth as the other headsets ) offers virtual surround set as well and is more expensive than the voice chat headsets . you can read about both on this wikipedia page . as for paying more for the official headsets - it is all up to you . the sony bluetooth headsets cost more than other brands but in my opinion offer better quality . sony 's official headsets have the advantage of offering other features on the console that other headsets do not support , like on-screen status indicator and " hq mode " which sony claims offers better sound quality . in my experience playing online , you can tell which users use the official headset and which do not by their voice clarity .
more money does not stack with itself . multiple characters having the more money ability will not increase your pg earned . the description was a mistranslation . more money does stack with items like golden egg . http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68317819 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68287566 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68100397
i updated from ps3 mediaserver 1.50 to 1.50.1 and it worked straight away .
it is unclear exactly how many cards are needed to get the third present , but getting 123 will should unlock it as proved with the pic below . in this forum post , a user states that they do not have the third present and have found 122 cards . however tom mentions above that he got the present without getting all 123 , and a comment on this guide agrees . to your specific question , it also mentions the exact reward as : got 3 gifts at the end ( 116 or 119/ 123 ) , two of them were mentioned above . third one is the beet root fighting the black parasite jedi style : ) which seems to agree with what tom stated . several sources confirm that getting 123 cards does not award the mythology achievement , as some suspected it might .
as usual , the act of typing it all out makes me think of another couple things to try . i had not noticed that there was a pressure plate behind the grate to the left ; placing something on that plate quickly before the floor fell out opened the way to a second lever and the solution ; both the left and right lever were necessary to open the way .
do not keep the kind of a stash that you will want to visit periodically - consumables are not worth starving . come back only for great gear that synergizes with some other great item you just found . if you are holding an armload of unidentified potions and scrolls , stand near some water and id a few the hard way . at later depths , you will appreciate being able to decide on the spot whether the consumables you find are worth keeping , using , or leaving on the ground . build your strategy around rings , enchanted items , and higher-quality items in roughly that order . e.g. , your inventory is full , you have found a ring of wisdom , a couple staves , and platemail . platemail is nice , but you do not own a ring of regeneration therefore a warrior build will have difficulty succeeding - dump any weapons and armor that you can not currently equip , do not come back for them without an exceptionally good reason . you need to keep exploring and finding new food with a minimum of inventory-juggling . better versions of what you passed up can appear at later depths anyways . i hope that helps ! i die pretty often myself , but so far it has never been to the food lock .
there is not a way to do this , unfortunately , unless someone goes and deciphers the savegame format and figures out where the hardcore mode flag is . what you can do though , is export the character , then import them into a savegame that is not on hardcore mode . if you do this , you keep your skills , attributes , money , and experience , but you lose your reputation , honour , army , and items . its not really a great method , but if you are attached to your character , its a better alternative than starting over . here are the steps to take to export your character and import them into a non-hardcore save : load up your hardcore save go to the character tab click on the statistics button click on export character return to the main menu make a new non-hardcore mode character with the same name as your old character ( do not worry about the stats and stuff , they get imported ) play through until you get outside the city go to the character tab click on the statistics button click on import character i know this is not exactly what you want , but its about as close as you can get .
there are 3 glow effects in the game . as a demoman , any stickybombs you place glow . in payload maps , the bomb cart glows . in ctf maps , the intelligence briefcases glow . glows are visible through walls . i assume that enabling this ( it is disabled by default ) will show any glows you would normally see . it is not useful most of the time , unless you were recording a replay of a demoman life .
yes , they will still be hostile to you . no , the bounty will not be applied to your " human form " in this situation . let me know if i am wrong , but , this is what happens to me .
as @fredley suggested , i crossed upon a well know bug . creating a new world ( or probably just change the position of the blocks ) will solve the problem .
for windows users : C:\Users\&lt;Your Username Here&gt;\Documents\Diablo III\Screenshots for mac users : &lt;Your Username Here&gt;/Library/Application Support/Blizzard/Diablo III/Screenshots ( caution : it is a hidden folder )
if the father is no longer in the canteen then you have probably progressed too far in this chapter to be able to complete this quest . he should be in the canteen , at the right most table . if he is not there , then you definitely have a problem as he does not wander around camp or frequent any other tents . i am not sure how much farther you have gotten but my only suggestion at this point would be to load a previous save . i would especially do so if you are trying for a romance scene with ves because the arena fight is the only way to make that happen .
according to this thread on gamefaqs it is definitely the censored version .
according to the teamliquid wiki , starcraft 's apm numbers are based on normal game speed . so if you want to convert this to real time from " faster " time ( the default ladder speed ) , you would multiply by 1.38 .
monks and barbarians take 30% less damage than the other 3 classes . this is an inherent attribute valid from level 1 . now , 30% is significant but i am not sure it is enough to justify the radical difference you are describing . how certain are you that it is not just your general perception ? because in practice , a monk does not tend to just stand there tanking . he tends to hit back , which often causes a " hit " animation on monsters which prevents them from attacking . this is before , of course , we consider that a typical monk is loaded to the brim with skills that stun enemies , blind enemies , decrease enemy armor , increase the monk 's armor , etc .
yes . i had not yet achieved golden god when i upgraded to wrath of the lamb , but after finishing the original game achievements i did receive it . i did not have to finish all the wrath of the lamb achievements .
your best bet may be to decrease their engagement radius to near ( or something like that ) they will not ignore them completely , but they will not go haring off across the system to attack far-away platforms .
i have never liked the shivs personally , as they cost more to research/build/setup than a human soldier , along with the other downsides you have mentioned . i would much rather bring a rookie/squaddie ( or otherwise underleveled soldier ) along for the ride than a shiv if i have the choice . the investment i would make in a shiv i would rather make in gear or other base improvements . a properly equipped soldier will beat a shiv hands down in terms of versatility and firepower . even if the squaddie dies , i get to keep his gear , although the destruction of a shiv is a loss of all the cash/resources invested . however , i think the root problem here is that you are losing scouts frequently . stop doing that , and you will be much better off . i explained my strategy in this answer , but the general gist in this situation follows . if you do not know where aliens are , cycle through your squad until you have got your scout selected . use the scout to look for aliens in the first half-move of your scout 's turn . if you find them , have the scout retreat and set up an overwatch ambush with the rest of your team . if you do not find them , move everyone up using half-moves , and set up a perimeter with overwatch and wait out the enemy turn . your scouts should generally never engage directly . ( there are exceptions and caveats - for instance , on a terror mission where you need to move quickly , you might opt to be a bit more aggressive . if you have got all the time in the world , though , use it . ) when you find aliens , you are generally outnumbered - your one soldier discovers a group of usually at least 3 . the aliens then get a " free move " to set up defensively to react to your position . this puts you at a disadvantage , and you can not afford disadvantages .
" clagging " refers to a glitch called " charge lagging " . what happens is this : a paladin moves a few screens away , turns on vigor aura , and then uses charge to move very fast . this causes your character not to sync properly with the game/server , because the character is moving faster then the server can update . this results in the paladin seemingly jump/teleport ( without the teleport skill or enigma runeword ) from place to place . while the paladin is desynced from the server , they can also cast blessed hammers that are invisible to other players and/or not appear where they seem to be ( the paladin 's position is not updated correctly for other players . e.g. , the paladin is actually behind a wall , but seems to be in front of your character , you shoot at him the hit animation happens but the paladin loses no life ) , giving the paladin an unfair advantage . there is a similar glitch with barbarians and the increase speed and frenzy skill . see it in action .
the mothership vortex has a range of 9 from the mothership and has a radius of 2.5 . it cannot be used across the map as mass-recall can . you must fly a mothership to the location of the battle to use it . source:team liquid
i know this is a late answer , but i will answer anyway . you need to edit your server 's . ini files to add a proper http redirect . any requests to download mods and maps will be redirected to any server you want . as long as the host you are linking to supports direct downloading , you will be fine . i recommend dropbox public folder . there is a complete tutorial available here : http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/redirection_and_compression
yes , sadly , it is true . to play multiplayer games over the internet , you must have a gold subscription . it is about $40-50 / year , $20 / 3 months or $8 / month , but you can sometimes find them for cheaper .
replace the launcher with your chosen game executable . a summary of the steps here : copy the saints row .exe files in your saints row the third install directory to a different folder ( that should be game_launcher.exe , saintsrowthethird.exe , and saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe ) copy back the one you want to always use - saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe to use the directx 11 version , or saintsrowthethird.exe to use the non-directx 11 version . rename the file you copied to game_launcher.exe . this tricks steam into directly running the version of the game you want , instead of putting you through the launcher .
sounds like a case of teleportitis . you can get this effect in a number of ways . if you are not wearing a ring of teleportation , then it is probably because you ate the corpse of a teleporting creature like a leprechaun .
generally , yes , you will get a large number of a couple metals . this is one reason that trade is so important . the density of ores , can , however , be changed before world creation with one of the world customization options .
you have probably earn them when you evicted bitizens that were wearing a special costume . ; )
there is : neutral - this is the default state . friendly - this occurs when you are doing something that the leader likes , for example , russia likes nations that have a large territory ( and many cities ) , and mongolia likes nations that have a large army ) . friendly does not indicate that they have ( or even would like ) a declaration of friendship with you , it just means they probably will not be attacking you any time soon ( unless they are planning on stabbing you in the back ) . hostile - this occurs when you continuously do something that the leader does not like , for example you continue to build cities near their territory . this state does not mean you are at war , but it is generally a precursor to war . guarded - this occurs after someone has publicly denounced you . it is pretty much meaningless , but it can cause them to become hostile if you continue to provoke them afraid - this is fairly rare , i have only encountered it a few times , but it occurs sometimes when your army is much larger than the leaders army , and they feel that they might come under attack sometime soon . most of the time they will turn guarded or hostile instead , but if their army is sufficiently weak and they do not have enough allies , then they will be afraid instead . it also occurs fairly randomly sometimes , with the best nation being afraid of you even though you are weaker , not sure why , although sometimes it could be because you are close to winning . mostly it tends to occur for any of the above reasons after you sign a peace treaty with the other nation that was offered by them . i am yet to see any more statuses , but i have been playing a long time , so i do not think there are any more .
apparently , you have got a good ear . michael hogan is captain bailey 's voice actor , as well as your friend from battlestar galactica .
i figured out : you can unlock levels in multiplayer mode . each player has his own score board , so each player can unlock levels himself . you do not need to collect the points in one round , your points are saved . if only one player has unlocked a level , you can still play this new level together in multiplayer . according to this page ( german ) , you need the following points to unlock features in stunt and battle mode . note , the page is about the n64 version , so i am not 100% sure if this applies to the dreamcast version , too ( but i would think so ; i heard that only the soundtrack and the graphics are different ) . stunt mode 100000 points : stunt level " disco " 250000 points : stunt level " oasis " 500000 points : stunt level " warehouse " 1000000 points : new single-player mode " obstacle " battle mode 100 kills : battle level " downtown " 250 kills : battle level " plaza " 500 kills : battle level " roadkill " 1000 kills : battle level " arena 8"
yes . according to bulbapedia : whenever the game 's internal clock strikes midnight , every pokmon in the player 's party has their pokrus value decreased by one point . once the y value reaches 0 , the pokmon will be cured of pokrus . this means that if the pokemon is not in their party , its pokerus value would never be decreased and as such it would never be " cured " ( though even when cured , it is still affected , it just loses the ability to spread it ) .
by simply firing the weapons until they ran out of ammo , i have determined the following loadout : sniper rifle - 60 rounds ( 10 per clip ) silenced pistol - 60 rounds ( 12 per clip ) throwing knives - 2 that should be enough to take out all enemies on the map , unless you have really bad aim . you can also find some ammo halfway through the big camp you have to sneak into ( the one where you first took out the three guards in towers ) , in the second building you go through . you also get 3 health syringes , but no grenades/claymores/c4 .
skins only have a cosmetic effect in titan quest . in any case , are you sure you are using unmodded tq:it ? because i do not recall any potion that can change the skin , though there are mods such as allskins that work by populating vendors with such potions ( that can change a lot more than just the skin tone ) .
it means the time it takes for trains to unload/load stuff at that station , yes .
only cat and 13 are available i constructed a device for making skeletons to kill creepers in creative . i could get all music discs to be dropped . my test device : the result ( creative ) : however , when i changed the game mode to survival using nbtedit , i could only get cat and 13 ( 20 trials ) . the result ( survival ) : total creeper-related deaths : 17
it probably will not . the aventures ' log is a members-only feature , and thus does not appear if you are f2p . so your hours probably are not counted while f2p . if you are interested in how long you have played , talk to hans . he will tell you how long you are close to your 5/10 year veteran cape . then find some calculator which will figure out 10 ( or 5 ) years minus the days hans tells you . this will be the day you crated the account though , and will not actually tell you the amount of time you have played runescape .
here is a chart put together by someone on the endless space forums : post : http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?6030-hero-skills-tree chart : http://i.stack.imgur.com/22eao.jpg pilot most abilities key off veteran 1 +movement on fleet +offense and +defense +hp regen on fleet commander abilities scattered everywhere : assailant 1 , defender 1 , 2 , veteran 1-4 lots of battle actions : +crit on kinetics , +block , destroyed ships survive with 5% hp ( ! ) -accuracy to enemy +xp from battle +offense and +defense change assignment every turn corporate most abilities keyed off negotiator 1 and 3 +trade routes and trade route bonuses +20% science off veteran 2 -> dust wielder 1 administrator most abilities keyed off director 1 and 2 +approval ( flat ) +industry ( flat and % ) +food ( flat and % ) +defense off defender 1 adventurer most abilities keyed off veteran 1 > ground pounder 1 and veteran 3 +money leech +blockade bypass +science leech +melee and +offense a few battle actions : +critical on lasers , -defense mods on enemy , illusions other notes : all classes other than the adventurer get a special ability based off dust wielder 1 administrators seem completely overpowered pilots and commanders seem approximately equal for fleets . commander gets better actions , pilots get better passives . corporate and adventurers seem underwhelming , unless i am missing something
this is indeed a joke ( or at least not a serious request ) . there is no sidequest available for that particular npc .
if you referred 10.000 friends to league of legends until april 25th 2012 you were able to fly to riot games hq and design a champion with them . source : raf design a champ however this was removed and now there is no official way to suggest riot games champions you " invented " , except for the forum . in the forums you can post under the champion/item feedback section your ideas and hope that it will get lots of upvotes , so a riot employee looks at it , but it is very unlikely that a community-created champion sees the light of summoner 's rift .
there are waypoint markers for all your active missions on the map , that you can access in the ingame menu ( journal ) . to activate a mission marker to be displayed at all time in game , go to " view map " , search for the starting point , move the cursor over the mission and choose " track objective " . alternatively , you can go to the " objectives " tab in the journal and choose the option to track the objective from there . there should be a marker to the starting point of chapter 5 somewhere on the map . if you can not find it , here is a video with the starting points of all missions .
they may appear random ( love/hate for example drops from a seemingly random raider captain . annabelle drops from a seemingly random nightkin ) . however , they are not actually random . if you play through it again , you will find the same drops in approximately the same place . the only way to really find them all is to exhaustively search the world . yuck . i do not recommend it . really though , you do not have to go through that hell . the " special " weapons are better than the un-upgraded versions of the normal weapons , but they are not significantly better than the upgraded versions . and some of the best weapons ( the anti-materiel gun , and the fat man ) do not even have special versions . so use what you like , and keep an eye out for weapon mods . one thing i will say : if you are looking for good weapons , expect to jump through a few hoops . it is rare that you can just kill someone and they have got a great weapon ( i like love/hate , and all , but there is a big difference between the elite brass knuckles and the elite gauss rifle , which is a bad example , because that is a drop as well . ) it is more likely you will have to pick a 100 skill lock , or hack a 100 skill computer , and that lock and that computer will probably be significantly off the beaten path .
missions do not start with what you currently have . if you already had 35 bitzens moved in , then it will take an additional 30 to complete this mission . there would be 2 ways to complete this mission . option 1: evict 30 residents and fill those vacancies with new bitzens option 2: build 6 more resident floors ( 6 floors x 5 spaces = 30 ) and fill those vacancies with new bitzens
you need to add signals . depots have built in signals , but stations and waypoints do not .
play smarter ! my favorite vanguard on multiplayer is actually the drell vanguard . they make excellent support without too high of the charge-> nova risk , especially since on later waves its almost suicide to just charge in and have full shields , much less try for the charge-> nova leaving you with no half/shields . pros : strong support with pull spamming . pull is an excellent disabler , and with 200% cooldown ( i just carry a smg , a strong single pistol such as the hand cannon works as well ) , i can spam this none stop . the stagger is also extremely handy against armored pyros and rocket troopers , you can easily keep them from doing anything until your teammates take them down . cluster grenades rock . fully upgraded , these do a lot of damage . just hug a ammo cache or two ( on the harder difficulties your team really has to position themselves near some ammo to be effective ) , to be able to survive for a long time . biotic charge to build up barriers and to mop up small enemies with biotic explosion , do not use it to start a fight since you will be gunned down very quickly . use your missiles wisely . do not just use it on the big atlas that is halfway across the map . only use it when you see one charging at you while your team has to extract some data i.e. has to remain in one spot for a long time . if its just a standard kill all enemies wave , a smart team will be able to kite anything big to conserve the items . cons : weak vs armored targets . you really do not have anything great against armored targets once you run out of cluster grenades . you will have to rely on teammates and just use pull to stagger . if you are the last one alive , you will have to use charge to escape and go from ammo stash to ammo stash for the grenades since all you have for damage is a smg . if you have to play human vanguard , its not bad either , but rather than using the nova offensively , use it defensively . mop up any enemies that get too close to keep your team clean , do not use it to charge halfway across the map into a group of enemies .
yes , you can use the psn+ cloud service to transfer all your saved games , including the protected ones , to a new ps3 . i recently did it and it worked a treat ! if you know your old ps3 is dying , sign up and upload those saves as soon as you can . you can use the " data transfer utility " method as well ( see ratchet freak 's answer ) , but i have heard that this operation can take many hours to complete&mdash ; i.e. . your ps3 could die during the operation . using the cloud service is far less risky if your ps3 is on the verge of death .
queens are mainly casters with 4 main skills : it has the built in parasite spell that enables you to see the same things the host with the parasite can . ( this can be removed only by the medic 's restoration ) it can ensnare a group of units slowing them . this can be used to either prevent them from escaping or slowing their advance . spawn broodlings can also be researched to turn any ground unit into two broodlings , instantly killing the unit in the process . i do not know what mission your playing , but if that is the first mission in brood war , then you are supposed to use spawn broodlings on the ultralisks your about to come across , effectively rendering them useless . alternately you can ensnare them and have your hunter killers have a go at them . last but not least , they can infest a terran command center which turns said command center into a terrorist-training academy for suicidal infested terrans .
one way i guess you can tell which server you played on is by using dotabuff.com . just replace your game id after matches/ . here is an example : http://dotabuff.com/matches/364337412 which gives these details : lobby type : normal matchmaking game mode : all pick region : south korea &lt ; &lt ; - which you interested in duration : 39:13 played : 22 hours ago hope that helps
enter cl_showpos 1 in the console . this will display your current position , angle , and velocity in the upper-right corner of the screen . to get the distance , open http://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/geometry-solids/distance-two-points.php in the in-game browser , plug your starting coordinates into the first box , your ending coordinates into the second box , and hit " calculate " .
there really are not too many options . for a dual-wielding dps dk , you can either dual-wield two venerable mass of mcgowan , or wield it in your off-hand and venerable dal'rend 's sacred charge in your main hand . as of patch 4.3 , it is really only viable for frost dks to dual-wield . since the haste stat is slightly more valuable than crit ( as haste decreases weapon speed meaning more killing machine proc as well as the rune refresh speed ) , it is probably more advisable for you to go for the first option when dual-wielding . neither weapon provides any strength unfortunately . for a 2h dps dk , the only option is bloodied arcanite reaper . you can probably use it up to level 80 , or more if you do not get a better weapon by then .
bola shot does fire damage by default ( unruned ) , you can add the thunder ball rune for lightning damage when the bola explodes ( from the description , it still does fire damage on the initial hit )
i have found that they can be useful , especially when you first transition to a higher difficulty .
you get the credits , 20,000 xp , and a fountain through which you can return to the normal world . the endermen do stay there . depending on the server mods installed , you can get a new enderdragon using the /spawn command .
no , they will not use poison . however , you could try poisoning a weapon and giving it to your companion if you need it in a tougher fight . otherwise , you are stuck with the normal , unpoisoned weapon your companion uses .
i have not tried it , but i found these commands : GetPos &lt;axis&gt; SetPos &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt; GetAngle &lt;axis&gt; SetAngle &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt;  with explanations near the bottom of this page that might help .
there are apparently 35 distinct mystery box rooms , 20 regular mystery boxes with 1 coin each and 15 gold mystery boxes with 2 coins each for a total of 50 star coins from mystery boxes . more than the single-player maximum star coins of 335 can be earned through streetpass mystery boxes which are duplicates of those 35 rooms . to see all variations , you need to reset the mystery boxes by either waiting 24 hours or changing the date/time on your 3ds .
usually that means a problem with xbox live service . again , usually , installing while signed out works . judging by the link dean posted , that is the case with darkness ii .
yes , it is possible . you need to create a lan game and then you can specify the difficulty there . a couple of important notes : if you tick " reroll world " it will generate a whole new world but i think quest progress is still saved . also , i have heard tell that even if you do not reroll the world that all the monsters in your lan game will be respawned . i have not done this yet so i can not give you my experiences . here is a forum thread at the official torlight 2 forums explaining this .
solution found ! ( sort of . ) first , i tried running gw2.exe -image and -repair , which did not make any difference . however , i remembered that i had set " interface size " under the graphics options to " large . " setting the interface size back to normal resolved the issue . upon further testing , " small " , " normal " , and " larger " settings all display the punctuation correctly -- only " large " seems to produce the issue for some reason .
i found i could find specific spots standing on rocks in the area where i could shoot at them from range and they could not hit me . finding one of those locations and using ranged attacks might be your best bet if you are having trouble .
there are two moves that are called " technical " by the engine : throw defense ( lp+lk when your opponent tries to throw you ) and quick stand ( down when you are knocked down ) . reversals are related to timing . a reversal is a special move done at the first frame of recovery ( after a knockdown , block stun or hit stun ) . in example , if you do a shoryuken right after get up from a knockdown , it will count as a reversal .
when you serve from the left side of your field to the right side , stand at the most left point of the field , aim to the most right side of the other field and try to get the full power . it is hard to do an ace , but it is possible . for me , this way is the easiest way !
you can often get around the blocks that they have in place by simply contacting steam support ( you need to register a separate account at their site ) and requesting the american store , but you will then have to pay with an american credit card . i did this several times when i was in australia and it takes 1-3 days for them to unlock your account to do so , so it may not be the best option for grabbing that game on sale . i played the uncensored version of l4d2 while i was in australia via this method , though i could not play multiplayer ( i am not sure if there were any local multiplayer servers in any case )
short answer : online play requires one console per player . this article was written by someone who has played both versions of multiplayer : players can also enjoy a tv screen by themselves and jump on nintendo wi-fi connection to battle with up to 8 players .  [ online and split-screen ] are basically two different flavors of multiplayer , so you have a reason to play both ,  which leads to believe that the two types of multiplayer are distinct - an online mode , and a splitscreen mode . while local multiplayer is splitscreen , it appears as though online multiplayer is restricted to singlescreen .
yes . i just tried it . with shield 28% , without shield and with helm of command 8% . also tried to block without a shield but with helm of command . i blocked attacks . edit : but you have no block amount , so if you block , you block nothing .
a succubus is generally a creature of legends . a demon that takes the form of a woman and seduces men - for , depending on the lore , different motivations . in the case of vindictus , the succubus in the game can indeed perform an action that very closely matches this : casts a charm on the player , forcing them to collapse . she then mounts her prey and caresses their body , dealing damage while placing drained energy on her opponent . in conclusion , the succubus just does what a succubus does : it tries to seduce the opponent as a battle technique .
just fyi , hammerdin is one of the most expensive builds in the game so if you are expecting an elite character , you will have to save up for much better equipment than what you are using . as it is also a very mana intensive build , at the very minimum you should invest in a insight runeword poleaxe ( ral+tir+tal+sol ) for an act 2 mercenary , which will give you a very useful meditation aura and also allow you to swap out some of the mana items you are currently using for ones that will increase your survivability ( +hp , +resists , +skills , etc . ) . if you can not get your hands on a heart of the oak ( best weapon for hammerdins , hands down ) , some alternative cheap weapons that should not be too hard to find/trade for are the atlantean ancient sword , a suicide branch , or a wizardspike . another thing to keep in mind is that crystalline passage/frozen river is a very tough area due to the succubus/siren mobs , as well as the claw vipers which can tear you to pieces if you do not avoid their attacks and kill them fast enough . i highly suggest that you navigate these areas very slowly , making sure to stay fully healed and aware of your surroundings , especially once you get to hell . speaking from experience , even my heavily equipped level 96 sorceress has issues in this area , as well as my level 93 hammerdin .
there are a few ways out if you just happen to have the right items still left in your pared-down inventory : a sand or gravel block : you can jump up and place blocks around and above the hole so that one of these blocks falls through you into the bottom of the hole . you can then jump up onto it to get out . be sure to only drop one block for you and your villager to jump up on since two will suffocate you . a water source block ( i.e. . water bucket ) : you can place this outside the hole so that it flows into the hole , then swim up the waterfall . be sure to pick the source up quickly after you swim out so your villager does not risk drowning . a boat , minecart , or bed : you can jump and place these outside the hole , then jump again to right-click on them , which will place you inside/on them and safely out of the hole . if you do not have any of these , but you do have the materials to craft them ( along with a crafting table ) , then you can jump up to place a crafting table outside , jump up to right-click on it , and then make what you need . an ender pearl : jumping up and throwing it will teleport you out of the hole . if you are patient you could even wait until night to lure a passing enderman over and kill it for one . saddled pig rescue : if there is a saddled pig nearby , or a nearby pig you could saddle , then jumping up and right-clicking on it will also get you out . if you do not happen to have any of these items , i think your only hope is to position yourself just right so you can dig away at a wall block without hitting the villager 's hitbox . of course , you could also wait until you get killed by mobs or starve to death , then just respawn and return to free your villager .
( 1 ) malzahar is not just his ultimate . his ultimate is easily his strongest ability , dealing lots of damage and suppressing but he has 3 other abilities . picking up a rylai 's scepter helps too . with high ability power and some cdr/mana regen ( like blue buff ) malzahar can silence and slow multiple enemies with his q ( call of the void ) or damage and slow with his e ( malefic visions ) . also , i highly doubt everyone on the enemy team is going to be buying quick silver sashes . however , if they do , you have made them spend 1640 gold ( to a carry this is a bf sword ) on an item that only really cancels 1 of your 4 abilities . as mages go ( ap carries ) malzahar is particularly strong late game since he has an ability that does % max health damage . this lets him take out some tanks on occassion , not that you should be focusing them , but when the opportunity to pick up a kill appears why not . . . ( 2 ) voidlings got updated recently . they used to cause a few problems for malzahar on occassion including : stand in the open when you are trying to hide in a bush , attacking enemies you did not need them to attack etc . the update significantly improved the voidling ai as far as i am concerned and removed most of the annoying things that made a voidling a potential nuisance for malzahar himself . voidlings have also saved me now and then by appearing when a skillshot is inbound ( hitting the voidling instead of hitting me ) . i would say that malzahar 's " weakness " to this one item is not sufficient to me not play him . every champion in the game has some weakness , some carries cant punch through a thornmail , some mages have a really difficult time getting through a little magic resist but it is not these small things that make a champion good or bad , playable or unplayable . malzahar is a strong ap carry and you can get around a few enemies picking up a quick silver sash by just playing smart and using your other 3 abilities to their fullest . also , you are making the spend 1640 gold , which should not be underestimated , just to counter one of your abilities . this means they did not buy something else ( damage , armor , attackspeed , etc . ) which they would have preferred to buy , had you not been ruining their day as malzahar .
there is no limit , other than your own sanity in trying to manage your inventory . in fact , there is even an achievement for completing the game without selling anything , ever .
i assume you are talking about the yogscast complete pack on the at launcher . in the gui , if you use " create server " , it enables you to open a dedicated server . there is no dedicated download , you just enable and start it through the atlauncher gui .
no , dittos cannot breed with other dittos .
you were playing pokemon red or blue , and this is known as the missingno glitch . this glitch is rather interesting , so i will include some details on how it works . essentially , there was an oversight in the code that made the right edge of cinnibar island ( where there is the black-ish border ) have some unique properties . it counts as a zone where wild pokemon can spawn , but it also does not specify which pokemon should spawn there . because of this , it always uses the pokemon that were in the last zone that you visited . thus , it is useful for catching rare safari zone pokemon , because you can battle them for real , putting them to sleep and damaging them , rather than relying on the luck of the safari ball . but that is not enough to explain how missingno came about . there is more to it . here 's where talking to the weedle man comes into play . when you talk to the man in viridian city who teaches you how to catch pokemon by demonstrating on a weedle , there are some interesting things done with the game 's memory state . pokemon uses all the memory available on the old game boy cartridges already . but at this point in the game , it wants the player 's name to show as " old man " rather than whatever the player chose . in order to do this , it must copy the player 's name to an unused portion of memory . namely : the area where the pokemon spawn rates for the current zone are stored . usually this hardly matters , because when you enter a new zone , those values will be overwritten by the ones for the new zone . but if you go straight to cinnibar island and ride up and down the coast , some weird things start happening . since it does not reset which wild pokemon can spawn , and the last thing in that area of memory was your character 's name , not a real spawn table , there are a whole variety of possible outcomes . pokemon spawn higher than level 100 . the pokemon that spawn are random , depending on the characters in the player 's name . and missingno appears , when there is no real pokemon corresponding to the data in the table .
some combination of rebooting and verifying the integrity of the game cache via steam sorted it out .
certain classes are better against certain other classes . in general : heavy is weak against spy , sniper , and demoman . heavy is strong against scout , pyro , and medic . heavy is even ( more or less ) against soldier . an engineer versus heavy depends entirely on if the engy has a level 2-3 sentry or not . a mini-sentry or level 1 sentry will almost always see the heavy win at full health . in this case , the engineer should flee . if he was building mini-sentries , building them as you flee is an excellent idea , as it will slow the heavy down to kill it , or make him ignore it to chase you , dealing him damage all the while . medic is weak against scout , pyro , and soldier . . . well , most of the classes in the game , but those three in particular . medic is strong against the spy , simply because a medic that continually moves will generally outrun or dodge a spy 's backstab . the thing is . . . a scout has the best chance of killing a medic if he can manage to get behind the medic , simply because a medic is a 2-shot kill with the standard scattergun at close range . now , the best defense against a heavy/medic pair is to work with your own teammates . if you can take out one of the two , the other teammates may be able to take out the other . if you really do need to combat them alone , sniper is likely your best bet . as tempting as it is to go after the medic first , if he keeps moving , he can generally outrun your scope . however , a fully charged headshot will one-shot the heavy . if they uber , run , unless you are an engineer trying to keep a sentry nest up . in this case , repair repair repair , and hope that they are not smart enough to have the medic block the sentry 's knockback effect . if you can get a pyro to help you by airblasting the medic or heavy away , even better . p.s. never go head-to-head versus a heavy , he will always likely win simply because of how much damage he does .
to safely release the goblin where you want it . build the cage , using b uild , ca j e , e x pand ( to show all cages and their contents ) , and build the cage where you want it . you can then connect a lever to the cage ( q uery the lever , a dd a task to connect to the cage , and use that to release the caged creature ( goblin or otherwise ) by pulling the lever ( add a task to p ull ) . you can also use the take from stockpile command to move them to another stockpile .
you have to enter the game when you are logged in to the playstation network . the game will ask you to update and this update will install the trophies . but if you already played the game , you will have to play it again in order to unlock any trophy .
i do not want to spoil the game much , but in late-game you will have certain big ufos turn up that you may or may not be ready for . these will not be taken down by your interceptors so easily and a few showings from these might even lead to your entire interceptor fleet getting wiped out or them being just plain useless . this will cause you to leave some of these ufos alone without doing anything . this usually has a repercussion of them attacking the satellites . a successful satellite take down will increase panic in the country by 2 points . again , this may or may not overwhelm you with panic-stricken countries , depending on how well you stand in game . so when you do reach this stage you want to have those satellites survive so that they do not drive panic up anymore than you want . this is the only reason you would want stealthy satellites . personally i would rather have satellites in stock ready to launch so that when one gets taken down i can launch another and get panic reduction in the area . especially effective if panic is almost maxed out in the area .
i believe you mean mystic gauntlets ac : ( +4 ) . this means that this bonus stat in parentheses is an enchantment . its effectiveness is determined by your magickal aptitude . the magic power available stat below gives you what percentage of this stat you get . only stats in parentheses are enchantments .
to reach 100% completion you also have to complete new game plus , which is harder . the side missions are re-activated so you can redo them if you want . however , this is not necessary as missions in the first playthrough already count towards 100% .
went ahead and tried it myself , eventually . you can lay a claymore on the belt and it stays put .
the bound npcs spawn just like monsters : they appear in a radius around you , off-screen , and will despawn at some point . if they are killed or despawn by themselves before you get to them , they will eventually spawn around you again . all of them will only spawn while you are underground . additionally : the wizard only spawns in hard mode . the mechanic only spawns in the dungeon . the goblin tinkerer only spawns after you have fended off a goblin invasion . the goblin tinkerer has pretty much no preferred hangouts . see this answer i gave here ; basically , the most effective way to find him is to wander around aimlessly underground while chugging hunter potions ( it reveals bound npcs just like monsters ) . playing fullscreen at native resolution also helps .
there is currently a mod out , pise -improved skyrim experience which at least attempts to spawn more and harder enemies : generally , the spawns for creatures should , on average , be increased by 50% . level caps are raised 6-8 levels above normal for a certain list . however , skyrim uses multiple techniques to spawn enemies and some of them are not amenable to simple spawn count increase via modifications to the leveled lists , so this mod does not work in all cases .
from wikipedia : during levels , the player obtains power-ups that upgrade the score multiplier , starting at ' hyper ' and progressing through ' mega ' , ' super ' , ' ultra ' , and finally ' extra ' . as these multipliers are gained , the background music becomes more advanced accordingly , with new melodies being added and modern instrumentation layered on top . commander video is also able to collect gold bars distributed through the course of the levels - if all the gold bars in a level are acquired , the player is given access to a short bonus stage based on pitfall , the famous atari 2600 game programmed by david crane . basically , the " extra " stage is just the highest multiplier you can get for your score and it does not affect whether you get the retro bonus challenge at the end of the level . getting this multiplier is part of what you have to do to get " perfect " on a stage : reach the extra multiplier collect all gold in the main level as well as the bonus challenge level perform all the possible score-awarding actions ( such as jumping on springboards ) even if they are not necessary to complete a level . in the steam version of the game , you also get an achievement for reaching extra and for getting perfect ! ! on a challenge .
after spoiling myself and watching a few videos on youtube i can say that yes , that is all that can be explored in the demo version . what the demo fails to explain is that actually you start a " level " by reaching its starting sector in free roam through the game 's world . that is , the full version does not yank you to a level selection screen after rescuing the first crew member . the opening in the pink area allows for further exploration .
the complete details for each gem type and quality level appear on the official guide : http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/item/gem/ in short : +mf means magic find .
this is a known bug [ ps3 ] [ xbox ] [ pc ] finn 's lute may get stuck in your inventory , not allowing you to sell the item or drop it . pickpocketing finn 's lute after completing the quest will also make it permanently part of the player inventory . pc players can use the console command player . removeitem 000dabab 1 to remove it . console players are effectively stuck with it forever .
you will have to create a new , american live account . create an american account with hotmail or live . i say create new because you will not be able to change your country if you already have a uk hotmail account . i had the same issue , so i created a new account with " location : us " , used my credit card , and it worked . any major credit card should work when purchasing points . if you can not use your credit card , you can always buy a points card from amazon ( or elsewhere ) and redeem the card 's code on your account . the drawback here is that all the stuff you in your previous account needs to be re-bought and there is no way to transfer that ownership . however , the xbla and other downloaded games should be accessible from the new account if you are using the same xbox 360 .
both games do not seem to be abandon-ware , at least i can not find them ( home of the underdogs does not even list them ) . and to be honest , it does not surprise me if i look at the company names . on the other hand , both seem to be available via amazon : nuclear strike fury 3
i have taken this information from the japanese strategy guide and various japanese ds2 wikis . here is a looooong list of fusions , broken down by tribe : omega Vile + Megami, Snake + Deity, Tyrant + Megami, Tyrant + Fallen, Touki + Kishin, Fiend + Tyrant, Hero + Vile, Hero + Kishin  megami deity vile snake dragon divine avian fallen avatar beast wilder genma fairy tyrant kishin touki jaki femme ghost Avatar + Dragon, Wilder + Beast, Fairy + Omega, Tyrant + Dragon, Kishin + Wilder, Jaki + Fairy, Femme + Dragon, Hero + Fiend  if you combine two demons of the same tribe you will get an element demon : erthys ( earth ) Fallen + Fallen Wilder + Wilder Tyrant + Tyrant Jaki + Jaki Ghost + Ghost  aeros ( air ) Vile + Vile Divine + Divine Avian + Avian Genma + Genma Fairy + Fairy  aquans ( aqua ) Megami + Megami Snake + Snake Avatar + Avatar Kishin + Kishin Femme + Femme Fiend + Fiend  flaemis ( flame ) Omega + Omega Deity + Deity Dragon + Dragon Beast + Beast Touki + Touki Hero + Hero  here is the mitama fusion chart ( unlocked in the new game+ ) : saki mitama ( vit ) Flaemis + Aquans  kusi mitama ( agi ) Aquans + Flaemis Aeros + Aquans  ara mitama ( str ) Erthys + Aquans Aeros + Flaemis  nigi mitama ( mag ) Erthys + Aeros  there are specific and unique demon combinations , but they are too numerous to name . xp
the difference is largely what it sounds like , the combat drone does more damage than the defense drone , but it offers less utility and survivability , and is less effective at drawing fire away from you . the combat drone is focused on dealing damage to the enemy , and it is upgrades reinforce this by improving it is damage output directly . the combat drone can also be deployed at fairly long ranges , allowing it to be used offensively . however , be careful placing a combat drone out under fire - they can be destroyed , and without upgrades , are fairly fragile . by contrast , the defense drone will stay close to tali , and only attack targets that come into range . it is damage output is fairly low , but it is attacks will stun opponents , and upgrades will increase its range and utility , allowing it to stun more targets , more often , at longer ranges , and adding the potential for a knockdown . most importantly , the defense drone cannot be killed , making it an excellent ' passive ' source of extra damage if you are not interested in managing and actively targetting power use . tl ; dr : use a combat drone to kill things before they reach you . use a defense drone to keep them busy so you can kill them if they get too close .
items highlighted in blue are containers or trap triggers and need to be activated " by hand " , that is , you must approach them to activate them . they also cannot be destroyed . items highlighted in red can be destroyed or activated by shooting at them , and are either containers , traps , or used by monsters for buffs . these items can also be used for destroyed object bonuses , along with other destructible items such as tomb stones , tables , etc . this latter group never contains anything which is why they are not highlighted .
increasing from 1x to 5x , if spending all needed pp , after the same time , 5 of the enqueued ship will be produced . increasing from 1 to 5 will produce one ship at a time , but will produce another ship at the same place on the queue each time one is finished . it will take at least 5x as long to build the ships , but only one at a time will be produced . increasing both numbers will , for example , build 5 ships at a time , and then build 5 more after those are finished , and continue doing so until 5 groups of 5 ships have been produced .
this one is kind of weird - basically , you need to target them with the trigger in the middle of doing the proper tasks . so for example , catch the farmers while they are milking cows , the tailor knitting , etc . it is the sort of things you had expect to find in the " encyclopedia of the common man " . generally you will probably have to leave the area and come back a lot to easily see everything . ( i do not have a full list of activities handy but i can maybe try to collate one later when i am back in front of the game . )
no . no enemies in skyrim are aware of your magic immunity . the dragon ai is quite simple . if you are not in melee range , it'll use its breath and shouts at you . if you are in melee range , then it'll try to chomp you .
magickapedia says that there is only 20 levels . so any more than this is probably a hack . there have been issues where ( as of 1.3.4.0 ) where chapter 3 only includes the end boss fight . the temporary fix for this includes editing the xml documentation to state what level to start at . it would not surprise me if the challenge xml files can be edited as well . possibly to have multiple low enemy levels or high point enemies with added player advantages .
the best scenario is to get an unlocking item . which is either a credit card , a lockpick , or best of all a skeleton key . you can apply these items while still mounted in order to open the door efficiently . and , as an added benefit , keep the door in operation should you need it for anything else . a wand of opening or the spell of knock will also have the same effect , but the tools are free to use . failing that , if you have a wand of striking or the spell of force bolt , you can always break down doors with the ray and maintain your mounted position . be prepared for any consequences like shattering items or hitting creatures that are behind the door , though . if you lack these kinds of items , you will need to either find another way into the room ( perhaps a wand of digging , if you want to just make your own shortcut ) , or you will have to hop off and give the door a swift kick yourself before mounting again .
i do not know what you mean by poisoning him , but you can attack someone if you are in 100 sp towns for a cost of 3 ap with about a 1/3 chance of wounding them . it is not that useful , but i think that it is the only other way . you should be aware that your town will not likely be happy with this , and that shunning is probably the best way . . .
if i understand you correctly , you need to create a set of units quickly for 2 players and they run a battle with them against 1 ai . then you can go to arqades and find " hots unit tester online " map ( i can not be sure about other servers , but it is on europe server and i saw it on american server ) . then it is quite self explanatory , you can change terrain and choose units for both sides , and choose upgrades for them . also you have help button . once you put everything you need you can run it , taking control of one side .
instructions identify cheaters early on in the game , if possible . cheaters often have absurd win and loss records , i.e. 100 wins and no losses . they usually will have hacked the game to give them use of unlimited items . for example , if you are hit with a blue shell early in the race and no one has had time to even reach the first item box , you are probably dealing with a cheater . quit out of matches against cheaters . if you are able to identify a cheater before the match starts by looking at his win/loss record , then quit out before the match starts . if you quit out before the match starts you will not receive a loss . if the match has already started , quit out anyway . attempting to race against cheaters at all rewards their behavior . report the problem to nintendo . although there is not any official way to deal with cheating in mario kart , i.e. by banning the hackers , the nintendo tech support forum suggests that you fill out an online customer service form so nintendo can investigate . fill out all the pertinent information that you can remember about the match such as method of cheating and the player 's name . a link to the form is available in the resources section . source and here is a link for a nintento form .
there is no point in helping the rabbit besides the achievement ( bunny buddies ) earned for doing so . there are several little achievement items like this scattered throughout the game , but they do not do anything to impact the overall story .
if you have a bounty in an area some people may try and kill you . clear all your bounties and go back , hopefully it will have sorted itself out . on pc you can clear them with a console command . there is some good info about bounties here it also includes how random citizens / thugs etc can attack you due to bounty
you have a couple of options here . if you have the spell of knock or a wand of opening , you can unlock the door without angering the watch . if you can obtain a key and you have not already been warned by the watch , then you can apply it on the door to unlock it , and you should only get a warning . as sconibulus pointed out , you can just wait for the watch to be out of sight and then kick down the door as you normally would . the watch only goes after you if they see you do something they do not like . finally , you can use your wand of digging or a pickaxe to go down a floor , and if you do it when your kitten is next to you , then it will just follow you down as though you had gone down the stairs with it . if your kitten is too far away to follow , you can just return by the up-stair on that floor and kick the door open from the inside . this should not present a problem with the watch because none of them can see you do it , and you will be reunited with your kitten .
in the normal tabletop card-game , if there are multiple creatures blocking one creature , it is the attacking-player who gets to choose what order to assign the damage . in magic 2012: dotp , when you are the attacker , by default the computer chooses an order for you ( to keep the game " simple" ) . you can however change it so that you get to decide the order every time by going to settings --> advanced --> uncheck " auto assign damage . "
along with the things said , your choices for cars opens up a little further , and the upgrades you have to apply to your cars for pro races make them faster . the upgrade to all-star will also cost you to upgrade your existing cars and they will be faster again .
i started with settlers 2 , and imo it was the best . i have played 3-5 , kinda slacked off with 6 and 7 . if you do not mind old ones , try this one out . you do not have to do the actual settlers 2 , as that will not run on modern computers , but you can look for the settlers ii 10th anniversary . it is a complete remake , exact same game play just with updated graphics and runs on newer computers . or you could just dive in with 7 and see how you like it , imo if you start with 2 , you will see how it was originally meant to be . 3-4 stayed pretty close to the original , but after that they started doing it quite a bit differently , and i personally did not like the changes . i did a quick search , and you might be able to buy it from here . there is a demo , and that would give you a good picture of it , and perhaps take you into 7 .
ubisoft has yet to provide a fix for this issue . all you can do is log in again and again until it works . as user juicyfart so eloquently puts it : i have a new pc connect to internet no router , no nothing and this piece of crap does not work . if you are still feeling determined , you can try forwarding the following list of ports . ubisoft also insists that setting your computer as dmz will let the game work . however , setting your windows pc as a dmz will expose it to attack over the internet ( i.e. . that is a very bad idea ) : an easy way to make rainbow six vegas 2 work behind your router is to setup your gaming pc as the dmz . to learn about how to setup your gaming pc as the dmz , check your routers documentation . if you do not want to set your gaming pc as the dmz , then you will have to do some special configuration to your router or firewall to make sure all the games features work properly . here are the ports you will have to open , or forward . login/matchmaking services : outbound tcp 3074 ( generally do not need any configuration for this ) gameplay : outbound udp 3074-3174 ( generally do not need any configuration for this ) inbound udp 3074-3174 ( on a firewall , you must allow inbound traffic on these ports , on a home router with nat , must forward inbound traffic on these ports to your pc ) custom head : outbound tcp 10130 ( generally do not need any configuration for this ) inbound tcp 10130 ( on a firewall , you must allow inbound traffic on this port , on a home router with nat , must forward inbound traffic on this port to your pc ) 10130 is the default port used by the custom head feature . you can change this port in the extras\options\multiplayer menu . voice chat : outbound udp 10140 ( generally do not need any configuration for this ) inbound udp 10140 ( on a firewall , you must allow inbound traffic on this port , on a home router with nat , must forward inbound traffic on this ports to your pc ) 10140 is the default port used by the voice chat feature . you can change this port in the extras\options\multiplayer menu .
the most obvious difference is that the archery passive gives you a different bonus depending on your weapon type of choice . a second difference is the choice for the secondary hand - with a hand crossbow it is either another hand crossbow , a shield or a quiver , while with a bow or crossbow the only option is a quiver . finally , there is another very important attribute beyond just the affixes and dps : attack speed . while dps dictates how much damage you can do per second , different attack speeds really encourage different styles of play . slower attack weapons can get rid of enemies before they can to you , but higher speed weapons have a mobility and no-overkill advantages . i usually prefer higher-speed weapons even when it means sacrificing some dps .
if you are extremely distant from the objective , the waypoint system will indicate the closest node with a yellow chalice icon . when closer , you can hit tab to pull up the map overlay and drag it around to find a direction/destination .
without access to console/mods you are on your own to recheck all locations , note that there are few issues and in some cases they can be helpful . periodically , some stones apparently respawn at their initial place , such as the one in jarl elisif the fair 's quarters ( ps3/xbox ) . in calixto 's house of curiosities , it may be possible to obtain a stone at calixto 's museum on one of the shelves if every other location has been exhausted without obtaining all twenty-four ( xbox ) . there is a delay between when you click on the stone and when the stone is added to your inventory . if you click on a stone multiple times before it actually picks up , you will receive one stone but the quest will count it as two or more . this can be used to complete the quest faster as it does not affect the ability to move forward . if the stone of barenziah in reeking cave cannot be found beside the dead mage after applying patch 1.4 , a glitch will need to be utilized to reaccess the thalmor embassy and pick it up from its original location . this bug has been found in all versions of the game , and videos to resolve the situation are available on youtube . for some reason , the gem may not appear on the counter where it supposed to sit in fellglow keep . the stone in wuunferth the unliving 's quarters may not be there after the quest blood on the ice . as of now , there is no known fix to this . for gems found inside dungeons where you might be fighting npcs - they can be knocked off their table , shelf , pedestal or whatever by spells , arrows , bodies running into them , walking over them etc . and sometimes fall into inaccessible locations like a deep furrow in the ground or underneath furniture . in such a case , you may need to return to the area after a few in-game days and hope that the item locations are reset back to where they were at initially . if somehow you are able to use mods these should do what you need , though i can not guarantee how they react when you have already found most of the stones . . . be careful with saved games . http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=9385 http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=13274
according to hidden street , the quest you need to get the hat ( catch valefor ! ) is a adventurer thief-only quest , meaning no night walkers . however , these are the steps you need to complete the quest : talk to dark lord in kerning city : thieves ' hideout . go to swamp region : dangerous croco and talk to demon 's doorway . you will be teleported to mini dungeon : valefor strolling path . go to the top of the map and go through the portal to mini dungeon : valefor hiding place . defeat valefor . return to dark lord once you have completed the task . additionally , the quest is a level 18 - 40 quest , and you need to have the shumi , the coin maniac quest completed .
here , i just made one for you , based on information available from the actual game files . click the image to see a larger version ! notes : this is updated up to the june 2011 patch and dlcs ; however , unique units always upgrade in exactly the same way as the units they replace , so if some unique unit is missing from the chart above you can just find out what it replaces to see how it upgrades . gun units and melee units are not the same - in particular , they differ in some promotions , you can check my promotion chart which uses the same icons . the giant death robot is indeed considered an armor unit . missiles , bombs and ss parts are non-upgradable ( and removed from the chart for brevity ) .
yes , they can run out of missiles as well as drones . it seems to be somewhere between 5-15 ( random i assume ) missiles/drones . you can tell when they run out of missiles because their missile weapons will be powered up ( you can see their power usage with rank 3 sensors ) and charged ( the graphic on their ship will have green lights ) but they will never be able to fire . the rebel flagship ( the boss ) however , do not require missiles to fire its weapon as it is an augmentation , similar to the artillery beam . source : the wikia
here is the list of available games in north america . if you are in a different region , different games are available . there are no ds games and no gamecube games available for download . also , there are no extra tracks available for mario kart wii . however , there are a large number of wiiware games , which are similar to the xbox live and psn downloadable titles - small games by independent and regular developers .
say " we are coming " , you have to stay with the general . i believe there is a second , later choice where you have to decide to protect him instead of civilians ; i think you need to persuade him at some point , so you will need enough rep ; i used the paragon option which got him to come along . always side with staying near , protecting and prioritizing the general and you will get him out safe , i did in my playthrough .
i ended up finding a solution here : http://forums.xbox.com/gfw/technical_support/f/268/p/371300/1948803.aspx basically , download a gfwl client , change it in the properties to behave in windows 7 compatibility mode , and only then install it . i then got the overlay when i launched the game and could log in ; it now saves my progress . did not need to turn off physx or any other hack mentioned in other places .
i would not have thought so as the young drivers test is saved within the same profile data on the saved game data utility . so while you can reset the mode and start again , this will also reset your career , time attack , and champions mode statistics . which you probably already know . sorry !
you can cut the apc by going into blade mode ( left trigger on the default xbox 360 gamepad setup ) and pressing the light attack button ( x , for me ) when aimed at the apc . here ' s a video of it .
you can reflect : soldier rockets ( all types ) pyro flares ( all types ) demoman grenades demoman sticky bombs ( sticky bomb launcher/scottish resistance )  huntsman arrows ( which can headshot enemies ) sandman baseballs wrap assassin ornaments crusader 's crossbow arrows rescue ranger bolts ( will damage opposing buildings but not repair friendly ones ) mad milk jarate level 3 sentry gun rockets when you reflect projectiles they are promoted to minicrits ( if they were not ) , change sides with your team and ownership to you ( with the exception (  ) of stickies ) . this means , however , that they will still do splash damage to you should they explode too close . as for stickies you can still push those off points and doors , however , or even push them below the demoman 's feet . you cannot reflect : hitscan shots  anything which is a bullet and appears as streaks rather than projectiles syringe gun needles bison and pomson projectiles ( you can reflect cow mangler beams , however . )
there really is not a good way to hit a helicopter with the m72 law , the first rocket is always going to miss . no matter who fired it , either because the helicopter moved or it shot out flares . your best bet to taking out a helicopter with the m72 is being the second person to fire at the helicopter . or you could always just equip the strela-3 which has two rockets rather than just the one .
according to gamefaq , deceiver is unlocked if you get to 50,000,000 with no deaths.
set up wall spells behind you . do not use a shield . throw them off before they throw you . pray .
one may only enter the bathroom appropriate for one 's gender . if you are really curious you could start a character of the opposite gender , though you will likely be disappointed .
you cannot call kelly up to your cabin until after you travel through the omega 4 relay . spoilers even then , you can only call her up if you manage to save her from the collectors by doing only one mission after you get the reaper iff ( which will likely be legion 's loyalty mission ) , otherwise she will die .
the armory of a character is updated upon logging out of said character . this works for gear and talent choices but i am not 100% sure if very recently acquired achievements will show up straight away . as far as i am aware , all characters over a certain level ( 10 ? ) appear on the armory . i also believe that there is no way of making a character ' private ' . a user could remove all the gear and talents of a character to hide what they are doing if they so desired . the majority of character data is public , but some can only be viewed if you log into battle .netof the account which owns the character . the calendar is example of private data . there are quite a few ways to search for characters on the armory . by character name , realm , guild and even arena team i think . other advanced filters exist as well , but i am not very familiar with them . hope this helps . edit : as ramhound has pointed out in the comments , upon logging out the armory is not always updated instantaneously . it depends on several behind the scenes factors ( i.e. . server load , maintenance ) . the updates are queued however and should eventually happen . thanks ramhound .
the tear of the land is just a plain old rock . any rock in your inventory will work . . . it is not a special one .
looks like it is a bug ! somehow the wheel motors got disabled . by going around to all of them and clicking disable and then enabling them again , it seems to have cleared out whatever bad state was in there .
no . they are one-shots -- that is why they are so highly valued . edit to answer question in comment : the best way to find these unlockable missions seems to be the slicing skill -- they show up as loot from bountiful/rich lockboxes sometimes .
one option is to buy ( on the ge ) unstrung magic longbows or shortbows and buy or harvest flax , spin the flax , string the bows , and sell them back . this will only make you about 160 gold per bow . if you want to use magic and you already have a lot of money , you can buy , enchant , and sell onyx amulets for about 800k gp per amulet . i am not sure what the trade volume on that is , so it could be difficult to buy and sell the amulets . if you have lunar magic and you have completed dream mentor , you can buy mahogany logs , use the spell plank make , and sell back the planks for a profit of about 800 each .
there is no way to zoom out further . you can zoom in , that is all .
guns excluding the golden guns , you should find yourself in possession of every gun throughout normal play as long as you do all the missions and explore all the rooms in dungeons . however , the raw stats of the guns tend to pale in comparison to the setup of attachments on the guns . for example , the 1195.45 auto that vashyron starts with has the best gauge break ( the ideal stat for a handgun ) of all the normal guns , but the mi50a from the arena has more slots for only a slightly smaller gauge break and a better charge rate . it is the absurd combination of 8 barrels , 4 sights , and more grips than you have hands which makes the gun shine . nevertheless , there are some guns which shine . the aforementioned mi50a handgun is very directed on the offense at the cost of magazine . the lp-09 you can buy in albona offers the best charge rate , while the z-40 you get from a mission in chapter 15 has a good balance of stats in all departments . these all offer some of the better attachment points as well . the pdw-xn . v3 you may find in chapter 14 is one of the better all-around machine guns . if you go dual-wielding , the np . 05c that gets sold later in ebel city is a good complementary machine gun . for attachment setups , both schools of thought ( absurd focus on a stat , versus balanced ) can function . charge acceleration is exceedingly useful for bonus shots as well as hero actions . charge speed is more useful for making long-range shots , coupled with accuracy . magazine size is great to amplify the damage of a machine gun , or coupled with a magazine case on a handgun . you have a lot of room to customize , so make sure to use as much of it . i do not think any particular setup is necessarily ideal , but i recommend setting up multiple guns and then switching them around with different equipment roles . it is all the crazy attachments that'll benefit your performance , and you will eventually come to recognize your guns more by which attachments you have focused ( say , you will know your " charge acceleration focused handgun " compared to your " general purpose handgun" ) . characters assuming you are levelling all weapons equally on your characters , the main distinguishing stats for them come mostly on their skill setups . they all have access to the same skill sets , but learn them at different rates . below is what they learn primarily , and thus need fewer charges to hit higher rates/potencies . vashyron handguns : damage up machineguns : full scratch grenades : charge cancel zephyr handguns : knockdown rate machineguns : knockdown rate grenades : ailment rate leanne handguns : penetration rate machineguns : stun rate grenades : hyper damage aside from grenades , though , the majority of mileage for skill activation is during bonus shots , and someone with a gun focused on charge acceleration may easily hit max cycles . thus , consider the main equipment setups that are preferable at this stage . you generally want one scratch damage dealer and two direct attackers of separate roles . remember , after all , you can not kill anything with scratch damage . scratch damage dealer dual machine guns - in charge of setting up enemies , untouched in terms of raw scratch damage . zephyr 's high knockdown rate makes him pretty good at setting up bonus shots , while leanne 's stun rate is helpful for saving people in the nick of time . machine gun and magazine case - the main advantage of this setup is with ap rounds . vashyron in particular , with the best full scratch , can render all parts of a unit completely ready for destruction with a good angled shot . the raw power of the dual setup tends to overwhelm the +damage and +ailment bullet options . machine gun and first aid - not entirely recommended as the scratch damage dealer tends to play a very vital role in attacking every turn . the first aid kit is probably better with a handgun . machine gun and grenade box - an amusing option to give your machine gunner something to do direct damage in between volleys . has a damage advantage over carrying a handgun . the focus is generally on damage for this , which makes leanne preferable for hyper damage . however , as you can not gauge break with a machine gun , vashyron 's charge cancel can be helpful , as his full scratch also mitigates the issue of lower damage . machine gun and handgun - generally inferior to the grenade box , but it does allow you to have someone else carry the grenade box and thus follow up your machine gun attacks with a grenade . direct attacker dual handguns - vashyron makes this shine with his focus on damage up - pair it with nice magazines and you can shred things very well even without scratch damage . zephyr can also be good , as his knockdown rate can initiate a bonus shot easily which merely serves to set you up with even more damage . handgun and magazine case - with ailments or +damage , leanne can do this well with her penetration rate skill , as that can vastly improve your chance of landing status on complex targets . with ap rounds , vashyron 's damage up shines very nicely , but make sure to stack your gun with a good magazine count and accuracy if you do this . do not forget to consider oil rounds if you have a nice molotov setup . handgun and grenade box - the more common grenadier , able to use handguns at a comfortable range but grenades up close . zephyr does not suffer too much with only having a single handgun , while his ailment rate is very nice with all of the grenades . leanne is also fair as hyper damage remains an incredible skill for a grenadier . handgun and first aid - the primary support type , may consider focusing on charge speed for long range fights , and primarily serve as the closer for combos . leanne 's penetration rate is handy to clean up scratch damage when not using items , while zephyr 's knockdown is handy for disrupting enemies to create an opening for item usage . grenade and first aid - not really a recommended option as you can run out of grenades ( and thus attack potential ) , honestly , but certainly possible if you need grenades but do not want to burden the other gunners with first aid duty . since your only offense is grenades , leanne shines once again with hyper damage being a superb way to maximize damage output of the big bombs . i have been fond of vashyron on dual handguns , leanne on dual machine guns , and zephyr with a handgun and either a grenade box or a first aid kit based on the current needs .
update as of 18/1/2013 the options menu has been changed to make it easier to find the control rebinding for items . i have taken a new screenshot - simply click on steps 1 through 4 from anywhere in the game client to open up the menu and rebind your item hotkeys . note : this part of the answer is outdated , but i left it alone for now . if it is appropriate to delete it , mods are welcome to do so . you can change the key bindings for both abilities and items by clicking their icons underneath the list of controls in the options menu . below is a screenshot of the controls menu , you can see that i reassigned my items to numbers 1-4 and my extra mouse buttons . it is not immediately apparent that these buttons which look like the ingame hud are actually additional key binding options , but each one that is labelled can be changed . it is also highly recommended that you rebind at least a few control group keys to something else , but it is rare that you will need all 6 control groups in a normal game . i chose f1-f3 , but you can use whatever you like .
i like to fight the dinosaurs in the " dinosaur shaped forest " in the world of ruin when i am trying to level my characters . this forest is located on an island in the northeastern part of the map , just west of triangle island . i believe brachiosaurs and tyrannosaurs spawn here . if you know vanish and x-zone , and have the gem box ( aka soul of thamasa ) , you can double-cast these two spells on them to kill them instantly . the gba version closes this loophole , but i do not know which version you are playing . brachiosaurs frequently drop economizers ( aka celestriads ) , and you can sometimes steal ribbons from them , which is an extra boon . if you are trying to level your whole party , you can leave one high-level magic user in while you gain levels on the others , so that you can power level the rest of the active team . the brachiosaur casts very high level magic very quickly , so having appropriate speed enhancing relics is also a plus . if you are not high enough level for this forest yet , you might try the veldt , which has the advantage of teaching gau new abilities if you have him in your party and leap when you encounter something new .
according to the strategy guide , you can find chichu in the archlyte steppe - ? ? ? af- . in order to get its crystal , you need the improved moogle throw fragment skill . if you have it , throw mog into a patch of red flowers on the plains of eternity . because the chichu monster crystal is one of a few only found using mog , you do not fight it , so you could theoretically be any level as long as you have the improved moogle throw ( which you get with the <a href="stackexchange-url mog 's manifestation fragment ) and access to the archlyte steppe - ? ? ? af- .
check out auctioneer . this fancy add-on has a full array of fancy options to customize your desired profit , current market prices , averages , etc . this helped me a lot over time achieve maximum profit while still producing a sale .
the " secret cases " are found in the missions during the investigation . so far i have found 2 investigations that have secret cases : valued vinyl : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission , you need to get into storage where you get the paper clip tool which unlocks rooms . you can then get into the employee lounge where a recording is hidden inside the locker , which unlocks the bonus case ( and some sweets hidden there too ) . found with the help of toucharcade disappearing daughter : the secret case is unlocked in the map mission , when revealing the barber shop on the top left corner , the barber will offer a new investigation . tedious testament : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission on the right of the church , on the bulletin board , there is a , message which opens a new case . pictured here jittery judge : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission , in the office , inside the middle desk there is a file , this file unlocks the secret case .
lucky you ! blizzard has created a handy dandy skill calculator where you can plug in your skills and show it off to the world ! for example , this is the build i am currently using for my demon hunter
it is really tricky to weed out " bad " xbox 360 's . i do not really recommend purchasing one used , since many of the early consoles had hardware issues that were not resolved until later in the production run . even with a warranty , i am still suspicious . it is always possible there are intermittent issues or hardware failures that would not show up in a quick test or in the first week or month of play . however , if it is just too good a deal to pass up , i would at least run a few tests before buying . if you can , you might ask the current owner to sign in to xbox live gold using their own account credentials . if they can get online and play a quick round of something , that is probably the best test of the console 's online status . if that is not feasible , you can probably run a quick test yourself . first , you will need to be able to connect to the internet . create a new profile on the box , and when prompted , sign up for xbox live silver . go into the marketplace and try to start downloading a game demo . if the console 's been banned from the service , somewhere along this path , you will likely run into an error along these lines : this console has been banned for violations of the terms of use . to protect the xbox live service and its members , microsoft does not provide details about console bans . there is no recourse for terms of use violations .  in addition to testing the network and console ban status , you will also be checking to see if the hard drive is reading properly . a more thorough test of the hard drive and the optical drive is to install a game from a disc . microsoft 's got a good knowledgebase article on the subject , including a video . the basic steps are : insert the game disc into the disc drive . go to home . highlight the game you want to install with your controller . press y on your controller . select install to hard drive . this should spin up the disc as fast as possible , and read data continuously for 10-20 minutes . this is about the best test of the optical drive you can do in a short period .
the " toasty " guy is dan forden , he is a sound programmer and composer who worked , among other things , on the mortal kombat series you can read more about him on this wikipedia page
construction there is no easy , fast or cheap way to level this skill . getting construction experience requires too many steps , and many of those steps have a built in gold cost , since the skill was partially designed as a " cash sink " for players with large amounts of gold . consider all the steps required to train construction : obtain wood either through chopping down trees ( takes time ) or buying from other players ( takes gold ) . obtain nails either by making them yourself ( takes a ton of time ) or buying them from a vendor ( takes a little bit of gold ) . turn the wood into planks , which always takes a substantial amount of gold and can take a lot of time , if you make the run to the sawmill yourself . alternatively , you can pay even more gold to have your servant make the run to the sawmill for you . construct the items for experience ( takes time ) , though once again , you can trade money for time by paying your servant to go to the bank . unfortunately , training construction is going to take time and it is going to take gold . there is no way around it . prayer training prayer can be done for cheap , but that takes a lot of time , or it can be done quickly , but that takes a lot of gold . if you decide to train prayer quickly , you need to be willing to pay a lot of money for the high level bones , and you will likely need to pay someone for access to a high level altar in their house , unless you are lucky enough to have one in your own house ( or have a good friend with one ) . with this method , you can train as quickly as you can make bank runs to and from the house ; either by yourself or by paying your servant . if you decide to train prayer cheaply , you need to be willing to spend the time obtaining bones , which means a lot of combat . the upside to this method is that you get to train your combat skills at the same time , but it is not fast . then you need to use the extremely slow ectofuntus process to turn the bones into prayer experience . as this requires grinding all the bones , obtaining all the slime and a lot of walking , it can take a very long time . thieving i am not sure why you have included this skill in this question , as it is extremely easy , fast and cheap to gain experience in thieving . you do not have to pay a thing to train thieving - all you have to do is stand in one spot and repeatedly steal from someone . in fact , thieving will earn you money as you train it - it will not earn you a lot , but something is better than nothing . it still takes time to level the skill , since the exponential experience required to level means that you have to steal a ton of stuff to get to level 99 , but since there are not any bank runs or secondary steps , levelling is not going to get any faster than this skill . also , thieving has a couple of decent mini-games , pyramid plunder and sorceress ' garden , that give out really good thieving experience and are fun to play , so you can actually enjoy yourself while grinding up the levels .
yes , you should still be able to get the skulltulas after planting the magic beans . http://zeldawiki.org/magic_bean even though planting magic beans in soil will help gain access to different areas , there is another use for the soil . link can bottle some bugs and drop them into the soil . this will result in a gold skulltula jumping out . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] this can be done even after a bean is planted .
codename gordon , also known as half-life 2d : steam://install/92 just paste this url into your web browser , while you have steam running on your pc . this link does not appear to work in chrome ( tested on firefox , chrome , safari and ie 11 )
it depends . if you killed someone and did not hide the corpse then almost always there will stay one guy with the corpse . if you we are spotted , your disguise blown or a body found then any of those can trigger the npc 's to change their routine , so the more you screw up the more attention it brings to your presence , best bet is to watch their routine and check when it is safe to make your move . also , it all depends on the level you are playing and the difficulty . the harder the level or difficulty the longer they will stay alert .
" reaper ? a label created by the protheans to give voice to their destruction . in the end , what they choose to call us is irrelevant . we simply . . . are . " there is a lot of information about them here -- i will copy the summary , but the whole page is worth a read ( beware of the obvious spoilers of course ) the reapers , known by the geth as the old machines , are a highly advanced machine race of synthetic/organic starships . the reapers reside in dark space , the vast , mostly starless space between galaxies . they hibernate there , dormant for thousands of years , before they are given the signal to return . their origins are completely unknown . the first reaper known to have communicated with organic life , referred to by saren arterius as sovereign , claimed that the reapers have neither beginning nor end . even their true name is a mystery ; " reapers " was a name bestowed by the protheans , and sovereign stated that whatever the protheans chose to call them is irrelevant : " we simply . . . are . " sovereign also reveals that the reapers were the original creators of the citadel and the mass relay network . these massive constructs exist so that any intelligent life in the galaxy would eventually discover them and base their technology upon them  all part of a scheme to harvest the galaxys sentient life in a repeating cycle of purges that has continued relentlessly over countless millennia .
this depends on what you mean by " attack button . " league of legends has four commands relevant to attack : player move click , player attack move click , player attack only click , and player attack move . all four bindings can be found in hotkeys &rarr ; additional hotkeys &rarr ; player movement and can be rebound as you like . note that although the commands ending in click are bound to mouse buttons by default , they may be rebound to keys without change in functionality . i will give a short description of each with their windows bindings . player move click ( default rmb ) : this is the main moving key , bound by default to the right mouse button . this will move you to the location under your mouse cursor , unless you click on an enemy , in which case it will move you into range of them and then attack them . this results in a green targeting indicator ( blue in colour-blind mode ) . player attack move click ( default shift + rmb ) : like pmc , this will move you to the location under your cursor . however , as soon as an enemy ( note : does not include neutral monsters , aggroed or not ) comes within auto-attack range , your champion will begin attacking it . this results in a red targeting indicator ( orange in colour-blind mode ) . player attack only click ( default ctrl + rmb ) : unlike pmc and pamc , this will not move you to a location . you must have your cursor over an enemy or neutral monster when pressing this . upon doing so , your champion will move into auto-attack range and begin attacking . no targeting indicator is shown . player attack move ( default a ) : this changes your cursor to show a red diamond cursor icon ( yellow in colour-blind mode ) . after you click ( with lmb in windows ) , it acts exactly like pamc , including displaying the targeting indicator . the reference image above shows the targeting indicators and the cursors . in order from left to right , they are pmc , pmc ( colour-blind ) , pamc , pamc ( colour-blind ) , pam , and pam ( colour-blind ) . the first four are animated indicators shown on the ground , and the last two are cursor replacements .
open the console using the tilde key ( ~ ) and type tcl ( which toggles collision , letting you go through walls or other solid objects ) . once you are in a safe zone repeat the process to turn it off .
this link has explained it quite nicely , you may take a look . it says , there are 7 new slots for the equipment : chest , back left , back right , front left , front right , left side and right side . different items can be quipped into different slots , so you can combine up to 7 different pieces . the items give you extra carry weight : small pouches - 25 satchels , box pouches and bags - 50 bandolier - 75 large bandolier - 100 to see which slots the items are , using and how you can combine the items , there are screenshots given .
players with the legendary edition can play with those with chaos edition , though you will not have access to the additional teams/races available in the newer edition . those with only the original or dark elves edition are out of luck , however , from what i can gather with casual experimentation .
i have entered the " yellow lantern " , then the achievement popped . so my guess would be that a lantern of any other color than green should do the trick .
tl ; dr : the answer is yes . i could have had this tested within 10 minutes , were i not quite so particular in regards to the parameters of my test . the particularities cost me several fast travels , and a dragon encounter in riften ( my adopted home town - i could hardly ignore that ) . but , test this i did . in the end , it was an interesting 45 minutes . and before any of you say i could have done something differently with the console , please remember i am on a ps3 . this test could have been done with any follower . i had two in my riften home : iona , my housecarl , and jordis , my wife . however , you specified lydia in your question so i decided to go to whiterun and get her . to keep this test as clean as possible , i wanted to start us both with our inventories as empty as possible . this meant dropping everything i had , clothes included , into a chest at home . the next step was trying to relieve lydia of the same . strangely , despite my level 100 pickpocketing , this was a more difficult task than i had anticipated . the first time , she caught on to what i was doing , and darted out the nearest door to fast-travel back to whiterun . when i got to whiterun , i saw that she had somehow procured her armor again and so i would have to start over . i took her back to my riften home again , and this time started in the basement so that i would have a chance to catch her before she got out the door if she chose to run . still , she swatted away at my advances . now i knew we needed some quality time outside for her to cool down before i could try again . so , i decided we had take a walk about the riften stables . that is when the dragon showed up . i quickly ran into riften , hoping he had be content to stay outside . however , he was having none of that . he followed lydia and i into the city , where he continued his rampage . without my enchanted armor , i knew i did not have enough power to defeat him head-on . also , with lydia only partially dressed , i did not expect her to fare well in the fight either . so i dashed into my house , threw on my best dragonscale armor , and came out ready to fight . the guards were already hard at work , but making little progress . lydia was doing what she could from a distance , with that odd bow and arrow set that i can never seem to take away from her . ( sure , i can manage to pick off her armor , boots , gauntlets , and shield - but somehow the bow and arrows are off-limits . ) i went in , hands aflame , and made short work of the beast myself . after all was peaceful again , we went back inside and i dumped my inventory into the chest again . this time , perhaps not having much energy left to fight , lydia seemed a bit more cooperative with my efforts to empty her inventory as well . i dropped all of her stuff into another chest , then retrieved her boots and one filled grand soul gem i had in a cupboard . lydia looked on as i took these to the enchanter , and loaded up the boots with a +37 fortify carry weight . then , we went to the master bedroom where i had my potions stored . as we came up the stairs , i saw my wife jordis turn and walk away in disgust . our housecarl , iona , simply rolled her eyes and continued drinking her mead . i threw lydia 's boots on the bed , so that i myself would start with zero effective weight on-hand . i would chosen potions because they are small and uniform in weight , allowing for fairly accurate and granular measurement . plus , i had an end table packed to the brim with naught but a crap-tonne ( that is a metric crap-ton ) of them . in a flash , i had myself over-encumbered with 699 weight units of potions - a total of 1,398 little vials . i knew i would hardly need all of these , but i figured it was the easiest way to start . i began with the largest batches first , and gave lydia as much as she could carry : 227 restore magicka potions ( 188 mp ) 121 restore magicka potions ( 121 mp ) 42 restore health potions ( 188 hp ) total weight : 195 i still had over 500 weight units of potions in my stock , but now i could move around a bit . looking at lydia 's boots , i saw that they weighed 8 units . so , i took 16 of the restore health potions from her ( at 0.5 units apiece ) and handed her the boots . after she put the boots on , i chose a different potion to measure how much ( if any ) her carry capacity had increased . she was able to take a total of 74 regenerate health ( +150% for 5 mins . ) potions before becoming overloaded . that is 37 additional weight units , which was the exact amount of the bonus provided by the boots . she now had a total effective carry capacity of 232 units . of course , i could not let her go wandering across all of skyrim in the buff as she was . so , once we were done with our little chemistry experiment , i graciously relived her of the potions and returned her equipment . i even allowed her to keep the newly-enchanted boots . iona let out a sigh of relief , while jordis stormed off to bed . i suppose i will have to get my rest in whiterun tonight .
nope ! you are not a bad hero ! unless you think leaving a damsel in distress hanging is bad . . . then yeah , you are , sorry buddy . whatever you do , you will always be late and impa will brandish it over your head , so keep questing ! i suppose you could call that a character-building experience for link ? as far as i remember , there are only a few time-limited quests , and you are notified before you set off to complete them . why have side-quests available if you are supposed to be rushing through the main plot , right ?
if they are archon/zealot heavy , roach infestor will work just fine . roaches are beefy units that can take a lot of hits from the protoss , and the infestors can use fungal to keep them out of range anyway . alternately , you can neural the archons and use them to help you take out the zealots . pure roach is decent but not fantastic against it . mutas work well if they do not have too many archons , but as you mentioned you do need to magic box them ( although that really does not take that much micro if you know how to use the technique ) broodlords are great if you can get them out in time .
here 's a small exmaple of how dps works in skyrim . the dps if smithed row shows how dps will change if all weapons get the same smithing bonus damage of 46 ( smithing gives a flat increase to damage instead of scaling to base damage ) as you can see , the weapons are more or less balanced without smithing , but with smithing speed wins over base damage every time . i would recommend one-handed weapons unless you are not interested in smithing or not obsessed with having the biggest numbers .
assuming you use steam *: first of all youll need to download the civilization v world builder itself . open up steam and head to the tools section of your games library , find sid meiers civilization v sdk and install it . once the small download has finished you can launch the sdk at any time straight from this menu . http://www.pcgamer.com/2010/10/13/how-to-make-a-map-in-civilization-v/ *civ 5 is steam-only i hear , my bad .
trendynet is a fickle beast ; you are certainly not the only one . if your game loses connection with their servers ( or the steam servers ) for more than a second or so . the game is dropped immediately . at this point , there is not much that can be done about it until trendy fixes the issue on their end .
you must first finish the ending where you open the safe ( which it sounds like you have ) . then go through doors 4 , 7 , and 1 , making all the right choices to let people blab at you . the " right " choices are - take the 4 leaf clover from santa - let june talk about the titanic ( room 4 ) and ice-9 experiment ( in the freezer ) - give it to clover in room 7 and talk to 7 about the ice-9 experiment - say " patch it up " to clover 's question in door 7 - yell at ace to get out of room 1 when prompted - look at monitor after zero is spelled out on screen source
you should send them to trade posts , which will increase your trade income .
it changes how your partner reacts when you shoot them . with attack reaction : on , i remember that your partner would react to the shots as normal , they will hit your partner , your partner will shout\scream\bleed ect . with attack reaction : off , your partner will not react in any way if you shoot them . no blood , ect , and the bullet will pass right through them . regardless of which option you choose , you can never hurt your partner , it is visual effects only .
at least for me , the answer is definitely no . the game throws way too many enemies at you for you to be able to have success on your own . i can not imagine surviving the first boss wave ( wave 10 ) on my own , when it throws multiple reavers , berserkers , or a bromak ( sp ) at you . it would be cool if they made a version that could be played by yourself , but as it stands today you need a group to hope to complete all 50 waves .
the lyceum is one of the random dungeons in the southern highlands . it has a fixed spawn point but shares it with several other random spawns . the entrance area looks like this : its spawning place is slightly northeast of the entrance to the southern highlands : this spawn point is shared with the revenge of gharbad , the empty servants house , ancient pyre or the event pictured below , among others ( you can see the similarity of the place , also it seems like it is the only place which can host such a large environment ) :
farming bosses is pretty useless in d3 - you only get guaranteed rare loot the first time you kill a boss . besides that , i think none of the bosses is actually hard if you know the mechanics .
this indicates their weapon proficiency . you unlock weapon proficiencies by gaining weapon experience getting kills with that weapon . this will unlock proficiencies such as impact , focus or the ability to use two attachments .
yes , every skill point you spend in alchemy increases your chances of successfully collecting reagents .
turns out that yes , each attraction can earn a star , as explained in this video : basically the requirements are : team attractions complete all " standard " levels for the attraction ( competitive modes and extra levels do not count ) competitive attractions play each competitive attraction 30 times ( win or lose ) single player attractions complete each attractions " main game " , since they are all arcade style games , this pretty much just requires you to play until the game ends . some games have a second course , which does not count for the star . unlocking the second course is usually enough to unlock the star , as well . as a bonus , when you have earned all stars , you can see the credits ( yay ) and play a star shooting minigame ( less sarcastic yay ) .
in the current version ( all 's well that is maxwell ) , caves do not respawn/regenerate anymore . in earlier versions/builds/releases of do not starve , caves were a work in progress . when you entered a sinkhole , you got a dialog telling you this , and asking if you wanted to enter , stay above ground or regenerate the cave . a lot of guides or wiki pages still reflect the possibility to regenerate caves and harvest all the resources again . for some resources ( gold , stone , gems , flint , . . . ) the " earthquakes " actually do supply infite resources ( albeit at a slow pace ) , other resources ( mushroom trees ) are in fact finite and should be gathered carefully .
here 's the comprehensive list based of blizzard 's skill calculator and this list of affixes . no base skills increase arcane power regeneration , but many skills have a rune that does so . i have only listed those affecting regeneration , as per your question . many more runes , etc , reduce the arcane power cost of the skills or increase the maximum arcane power the wizard can have : active skills : magic missile ( attunement ) - whenever magic missile hits a target you gain 4 arcane power . shock pulse ( lightning affinity ) - every target hit by a pulse restores 2 arcane power . spectral blade ( siphoning blade ) - every enemy hit grants 1 arcane power . electrocute ( surge of power ) - gain 1 arcane power for every enemy hit by electrocute . arcane torrent ( power stone ) - every missile hit has a 2% chance to leave behind a power stone that grants arcane power when picked up . magic weapon ( conduit ) - attacks have a chance to restore 1 arcane power . familiar ( arcanot ) - while the familiar is active , you regenerate 2 arcane power per second . energy armor ( absorption ) - you have a chance to gain 4 arcane power whenever you are hit by a ranged or melee attack . &nbsp ; passive skills : power hungry - gain 30 arcane power whenever you are healed by a health globe . astral presence - increases your maximum arcane power by 20 and arcane power regeneration by 2 per second . prodigy - when you deal damage with a signature spell ( magic missile , shock pulse , spectral blade , electrocute ) , you gain 4 arcane power . &nbsp ; item affixes : foreboding / ominous on orb or wand or wizard hat - +arcane power on crit
no it does not change how others see you . however , it will change everyone for you . if you are viewing yourself as left handed , you will also see everyone else as left handed . it works the same way for right handedness , everyone else will see you as they see themselves . the 3rd person character model does not change at all either way .
you can not actually change the block via the command line , but you do not need to download the whole map in order to edit the block in mcedit . each set of chunks are stored in a separate file , so using a region finder you can determine while file you need to download . you can then edit it and re-upload the file to the server .
the apiary provides you with bees , hive husks , and honeycombs , all rare-ish alchemy ingredients that can be a pain to acquire in other ways . hive husks in particular , due to a bug , are unavailable for purchase in the base game , unless you also install the unofficial skyrim patch , which fixes the lists and allows them to randomly appear in the inventory sold by alchemy vendors .
at this point in time you can play on a different server without having to redownload lol you simply need to check the server you want over here [ image 1 ] . however if you want to use your account na or which ever server you are on that will cost you money but " if " you started playing on the na server before the european servers were made available then you have one free transfer that you may redeem by going to the support . leagueoflegends . com website and submitting a support request explaining you are a pre 2010 player and you want to move you are account from na to euw or eune etc this option again is for players who played league of legends before 1st june 2010 and it is also only redeemable for player who want to move from na to a european server . now if you are not a player who meets those requirements you still can move you are account at the cost of 2.6k or 2600 riot points which you can get for $20 or euros 20 ( 3600 riot points ) . you may purchase riot points here [ image 2 ] after you have purchased you are riot points you have to go here [ image 3 ] to start the process . another thing i would like to add , switching you are lol client between servers will require an update this update will be roughly 500 mb depending on when you did you are last update the earlier you are update the smaller the file will be and after you have switched it will not cost any extra data so the process will last seconds to a few short minute ( slower computers ) , if there is a league of legends update you will have to use about 10mb on which ever server you did not do an update for e . g you update to 4.8 patch on you are na account then switch to you are euw server this will cost about 10-15mb if you have already update switched server previously . hope this helped leave a comment for any more information : ) image 1 . image 2 image 3 ok one last bit of information i would like to add " if " you meet the criteria mentioned above for a free transfer you can merge you are na account to you are euw ( the account you created after euw was released this is again only if you meet the requirements for a free transfer ) the process takes a lot of time though and again you have to go to the support . leagueoflegends . com websites to do this you will be asked to verify ownership to both accounts and this is only done for players who are veterinarians to the game you also need to have the majority of you are games from a european ip . the subject for you are support request needs to be " account merge request " . the rules for a merger i very very strict on account to how laborious it is ( so riot staff says ) so make sure you meet every requirement if you do not you will not qualify . account mergers can not be bought as well so do not even try looking for the option . one last thing not all you are data will be merged what is focused are : you will not be able to transfer you are : your stats your mmr your rune and mastery presets your honor score previous and unused referrals your justice review rating your friends list for more information regarding both the account merger and account bit . ly/1oz4g7h for more detailed information or to post more questions
kirrahe will survive if you take out the geth fliers by disabling the landing strips on your way into the compound . if you do not , he will die to an air assault . how much of his team survives depends on what shepherd does with the alarms when entering the facility - the renegade option means less will survive , but " how much " of his team survived does not get carried over . the wiki has a little more .
the game is called the witcher 2: assassins of kings . if foltest does not die , then there is really no plot for the game to follow . there is no way to save him .
there should not be an armour cap for items , but there is a cap on the amount of damage you can mitigate ( 80% ) this comes at 567 displayed armour rating . with that said , even if you go over it should still display what your actual rating is , just will not mitigate more than 80% of the incoming damage . my guess is a bug or you are doing something wrong . source
flechette ammo deals around 6 damage less per bullet in close quarters than buckshot . this means that you can be less accurate per shot with buckshot ( more bullets can miss ) and still do the same or more damage . flechette rounds pierce targets better though , so if there are 2-3 targets in a row , you will get more overall damage per shot , but still less damage on the target in the front . at maximum damage dropoff , flechette rounds deal about 3-4 more damage per shot . it all comes down to the fact that because you need less bullets to hit a target in close range with buckshot , you can actually 1 hit kill from further away , as with flechette rounds you need to be close enough to have nearly every bullet hit . although this is slightly mitigated by the fact that fletchette rounds have a slightly smaller spread , meaning if you are accurate enough , more bullets should hit at range than with buckshot .
it is definitely possible with plants vs zombies . i had to copy saves between accounts in steam folder ( saves stored in windows user settings folder appear to be some sort of cache and copying them does not work ) , and it did the trick .
they are huge , absolutely humongous . in this tectonicus render you see my map after i have traveled for about 10 in-game days ( i think ) in one direction , got fed up , changed direction , got fed up again and headed back home .
yes , squad mates have limited grenades , which is why they do not use grenades on their own . note that if you do not manually use your squadmate 's grenades , there is still no reason to upgrade , as they are not using them automatically . squadmates gain grenades when shepard does , so it makes sense to keep squadmate 's grenade count at shep 's level . assuming you use the squad 's grenades .
yes skills and armour ( inferno armour , umbra visor , etc ) that give a power bonus will increase the damage done by your drones .
no , you will only miss out on one thing by playing on casual mode . if you beat the game while playing casual on the lunatic difficulty , the ng+ for lunatic will be casual only . this is different from beating it on classic mode which unlocks both . this is also different from the other two difficulties where beating it in casual unlocks both classic and casual ng+ . other than that the games are identical except in casual mode permanents deaths are turned off and you can save in battle , you are allotted two slots for this . there are no extra boards/characters/etc . that can only be obtained by playing on classic .
as of patch 1.04 , as you found out , you can turn Weapon Taggingon/off in the settings , but not the minimap itself , or the radar function . you can turn off the hud completely , or turn some elements by applying some unsupported patches to your game . i know , this is not what you asked , but there seems no other way . this guide explains how you can apply changes manually . this forum thread lists some of these community patches . beware , you might be kicked/banned from multiplayer games if you play it with these on , so , make a backup of what you are overwriting . update : the above mentioned patch files are apparently no longer hosted due-to copyright violations . update 2 : you can download the patch ( for version 1.04 ) that removes the enemies from the mini-map here .
while wielding a daedric dagger , having 100 one handed ( all perks ) and 100 sneak ( all perks ) , the daedric dagger 's base damage showed as 33 . from the dagger 's sneak attack ( only 15x damage ) it caused around 500 damage . then i applied a power attack and it caused 1,000 damage . then my orc used berzerk and a single strike caused 2,000 damage . i could do some more testing ( like getting shroud gloves , dual wielding with a power attack doesnt do a single hit unfortunately ) , and having bonus one handed damage enchants ( it modifies the displayed base damage btw ) , but i think this is enough to show that multipliers stack ( 15x + 2x = 30x + 2x = 60x ) instead of combine ( 15x + 2x = 16x + 2x = 17x ) .
each armor reduces the incoming damage by one , prior to any reductions . then damage reductions are applied due to damage type and unit size . the minimum damage that can be done is 0.5 per attack . http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/damage
there is no point keeping alien containment after you have finished all your alien research or just captured and interrogated an etheral ( which gives you all credit anyway ) . in fact - there is a bonus because when you remove the alien containment any extra ' live ' aliens will die , and you get their corpses to sell or use . the only small bug - the engineer and scientist will keep ' verbally ' asking you to build an alien containment ( like at the beginning of the game ) . note : you do not need alien containment to capture aliens for their weapons only .
there does not appear to be any variations to the numbers . for the pc version : assassin spawns 4 gremlins assault spawns 6 ( ? ) buzzers gunner spawns 1 bouncer sniper spawns 3 scramblers support spawns 1 gapshot tank spawns 1 bouncer
i was hoping for a more authoritative answer , but after > 50 hours of gameplay using mostly elemental weapons , i am pretty darn sure there is no longer a tech pool . elemental guns deal consistent damage and elemental effects are randomly distributed . the visual effects are consistent ( either a shot was elemental or not , you can tell by watching the bullet impacts ) . this means that slow firing weapons are worse for stacking elemental status effect damage than high rate of fire weapons , which is sort of the opposite of how the old tech pool worked . the status effect chance % as listed appears to be the only relevant factor for " procing " a shot , though it is affected by skills , class mods and badass bonus stats .
unfortunately i dont think there is such a mod . you just need to use the normal arcade-mode to hit them .
at the moment , there is unfortunately no such setting in the game . we gonna have to wait for egosoft to put it in .
i tried sending myself a gift just now - the email contains the sender 's email address , indeed . what you can do is send a gift to your own secondary email address , and send them the url for redeeming the gift ( the url you receive by emailing the gift to yourself ) . hopefully you have some way of contacting them other than their steam profile ; for example , give them the url written on a slip of paper . caution : the url contains the email you sent the gift to . if you do not want the receiver to be able to guess who you are , and the secondary email you are sending to is obviously related to you , create a new email account to send to . example url , email highlighted : https://store.steampowered.com/account/ackgift/1f631467bb7e?redeemer= fadeway%40yahoo . com with this method , the first time they learn the sender 's name will be when they enter the url into a browser : if there is no way to transmit the url to them without posting on their steam profile , that is a lost cause , unless you get a third person to act as an arbiter/organizer who friends everybody and distributes the links while keeping it a secret who sent which one .
i had a city build a wall while i was besieging it . it was at half health , and appeared to heal ~25 health . so , i believe building a defensive structure causes the health to remain at the same percent , which means healing some . from what i saw , the city was healing 20 health per turn both before and after the construction of the wall . since walls boost max health , i find it most likely that healing is simply the flat 20 health ( not percentage base ) , and instead of increasing the heal amount , the defenses are increasing the value of that healing , by decreasing the damage taken .
you trigger the event by buying lots of stuff from hanna , though i am not sure how much . ( i got it at the same time i got society class c , which is a development goal achieved by spending money - so it might be the same requirement . ) she gives you an alchemy recipe for a handmade basket , which requires hay x3 , ( cloth ) x2 , ( threads ) x2 . it increases your basket space from 60 to 80 ; if you synth it at a higher quality it can carry up to 100 . to equip the new basket , put it in your basket , then select it and choose " equip " from the menu .
yes that feature is still in the game . any team in the game can be played against itself .
the endoom screen is actually a screen that shows up when you exit the game , however some ports do not have this screen , so that is the reasoning for having the option . you can see some of the different endoom screens at the doom wiki .
found it ! 24v 0.75A from ac adapters for logitech wheels
i have just spent about 30 minutes seeking this solution but i finally figured it out . i know how frustrating it can be to find straightforward answers to problems and i do not want the time i spent figuring this out to be wasted . if i can help one person it is worth it . anyways here is how i fixed it . all you have to do is install this official version of directx from microsoft . i do not know why but this solved my problem immediately . here is the link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35 have fun and enjoy
now , you need to make sure that your copy of dance central ( note , not dc 2 ) is first-hand and you will also need internet connection . on the back of the dc 1 manual that comes with the disc , there should be a redeem code ( i will have to confirm that when i get home tonight ) . this is one time use only ( hence the first-hand prerequisite ) . if it is second-hand , it is probably not a problem as long as the previous owner has not already used the code . the songs will still cost 400msp on top of the redeem code ; however , if you preordered dc 2 , you should be able to get it for free through a voucher code ( i am not too sure as i did not preorder mine ) . now load up dance central 2 . on the main screen , select options-> redeem code . enter the code from the first paragraph and confirm the purchase . it will start downloading the dance central import pack . hope this helps .
start/load a game , press esc to bring up the system menu , and it is there near the bottom left hand corner .
many of the effects of encounters are randomized -- even if last time you were in the exact same situation with the same text , things might go differently . you will not be able to tell if the crewmember will be insane until the event completes , except in certain special circumstances ( detailed below ) . i believe in one particular event , you find a station with a sole survivor , and ( s ) he offers to join your crew . there is a chance that everything goes fine , and this will add +1 crewmember . however , there is a chance that this person will go insane and murder one of your other crewmembers , in which case you end with -1 crewmembers . the outcome is randomized , though . the insanity is immediate during the event , and unlike a " boarding party " you can not fight the crewmember . if they go insane and there is no mitigating factors ( see below ) you will instantly lose a crewmember . if they do not , you will never have problems with the crewmember in the future . a couple of things can affect the outcome , however : having an upgraded medbay can heal the insane crewmember . this seems to always result in the " good " outcome , regardless of the random factor . i believe a single upgrade point is sufficient , and you do not need to have the medbay completely powered , so dropping a point on your medbay might make sense as an early-game scrap investment . a slug crewmember can use its mind control powers to affect the outcome and potentially keep the crew member sane ( or at least harmlessly end the event ) . joe pointed out on a comment to another answer that this new crewmember will likely then be human .
in dsii , you no longer ascend a weapon to a boss weapon using a boss soul . instead you ' trade ' the boss soul and some additional souls to 2 specific npc 's to get boss weapons . the first is straid of olaphis who can be found petrified in a jail cell guarding a bonfire at the top of lost bastille . using a fragrant branch of yore will allow the player to trade boss souls with him . to be able to trade with him , you need at least 3 intelligence and 3 faith . this is a one-time requirement . if you later redistribute your stats with a soul vessel , you can still trade with him so long as you have talked to him with the required stats at least once . the second is weaponsmith ornifex but you must unlock her before you can trade with her . to unlock her visit shaded ruins , to the right of the bonfire is a petrified enemy , you can jump from the ramp onto the raised walkway and use another fragrant branch of yore on him and he will drop the fang key . after getting the fang key , drop down in the pit next to the giant green basilisk and use the key to open the door . this is the first time you meet ornifex and she will tell you she is moving to her home . she will then move to brightstone cove tseldora , in the room next to the brightstone cove bonfire . talking to her here finally allows the player to trade the rest of the boss souls to her . keep note that depending on how many bosses you have fought before unlocking ornifex , will be the number of boss weapons she has . she will not show you boss weapons for bosses you have not beaten yet so always come back to her as she will craft the weapons for all bosses in the second half of the game . also , once you free her , ornifex will perform one , and only one , boss soul trade for free .
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
along with the story mode , there are many collectibles such as playboy magazines and wanted posters . you will have to collect these as well if you want 100% completion . a guide to all the collectibles can be found here .
from my experience , if a character damages a monster , he will gain full amount of experience when that monster is killed ( e . g . 90xp for skeleton ) , but if he is not involved in killing monster , he will gain half of experience ( e . g . 45xp for skeleton ) . dead characters gain no experience . for monster groups , each monster kill is counted as killing single monster . and that is probably what makes your party having different xp : there are more groups in lower levels . since most of ( or even all ) spells affect all monsters in group , your mage started gaining full xp from all monsters . when fighting group of monsters , fighters will first hit monsters in front of them ( left fighter will hit left monster ) and then hit monsters at the other side ( left fighter will hit right monster if left monster is dead ) and when first row is finished they will get to the back row . i presume you are using rogue for ranged attack , and in that case he will only hit monsters in front of him ( if rogue is to the left , he will , in most cases , hit only left monsters , and when they die he will just miss right side monsters ) . edit : and as henryhey said , they all get xp for finding secrets .
there are 10: 6 mandatory , 2 optional , and 2 via dlc/signature edition . mandatory these companions you get along the way of the main quest line : bethany and carver : acquired at the start of the game aveline : acquired during the prologue varric : acquired at the start of act i anders : in act i , after tranquility quest merrill : in act i , after long way home quest optional these companions require you doing something extra to secure them : isabela : complete fools rush in quest fenris : complete a bitter pill quest dlc/signature edition you get these through dlc ( or the signature edition , which includes some dlc ) : sebastian : acquired through the exiled prince dlc mabari warhound : acquired through the black emporium dlc . acts as a fifth party member like ranger pets did in dragon age origins , not a full-fledged companion .
i would suspect this is a result of the settings of the server that you connected to . ( assuming that you are playing the pc version of the game ) .
i ended up playing this mission twice because i was an idiot and missed one of the + level objectives early in the mission . so i can confirm that you always get your army " topped off " to the appropriate level at the reinforcement spots , no matter how many of your units you have managed to lose in the meantime . it does not change with game difficulty . before 1st boss ; 6 roaches before 2nd boss ; 6 roaches + 4 hydralisks before 3rd boss ; 6 roaches + 4 hydralisks + ultralisk although i admit i have no idea where the reinforcement spots are in the 3rd part , because i made it all the way through without losing any units , mostly by leaving them behind and soloing most of the area with kerrigan . i assume there is one right before the boss though , like there is in the first two parts . i know that you do get refilled ( to 6r+4h+1u ) before the last boss though , because the 3rd boss 's constant spawned banelings are quite the hazard to your normal units .
as mr . smooth stated , there are no spells available to unlock chests or doors . the tower stone effect does allow you to unlock one expert level ( or lower ) lock per day .
yes , city defenses heal over time . if you bombard a city and lower its defense , and then leave it alone for a while , the damage will be repaired as turns pass . base city defense is a factor of the city 's culture . ( see " how do i increase my city 's defense " in this civ4 faq ) if you increase the base city defense with things like city walls , then the maximum amount of city defense increases . if you bombard the city enough , the defensive bonus from city buildings/wonders will be lost , but the building/wonder will not be destroyed . eventually , the city will heal its defenses back to the maximum . the defensive bonus for the city is calculated as follows : for each culture level the city has , gain 20% up to a max of 100% if walls/castle are present , and the normal maximum defense is less than the amount this improvement specifies , replace it with the defensive bonus for the improvement , so long as a pre-gunpowder unit is selected . if chichen itza is in effect , add 25% to the city defense percentage i tested this by rushing gunpowder and building walls in a city that normally would have 40% city defense ( ie , culture level 2 ) , then gifting the city to an enemy player and declaring war . i could toggle between highlighting my longbowmen and my musketmen , and the defensive bonus would be 50% when the longbowmen were selected , and 40% when the musketmen were selected . i believe the applied defensive bonus for units in a city is the combination of the current city defense rating , plus the defensive rating from the tile , plus any modifiers that the unit has ( ie , a defensive unit with the city garrison ability ) . even if you take the city defenses out of the equation , you will still have to contend with those other bonuses . i believe spies can influence this as well , although it is been a while and i can not recall what was in the base game versus what was added in the expansions .
do not give up -- just keep practicing ! you should get an auto-save just prior to or just after activating the third part of the prophecy . if you have managed to get all your stalkers up until that point , you can continually reload from there until you succeed . other tips : just keep running . do not stop to fight , kill nydus worms , etc , anything . your first blink should be into the lowground " pit " with the zerg defenses . stun one with zeratul and then just charge up the ramp -- you had take more damage going the long way around . blink over rocks when you can , but when you get to the set of two rocks , blink in between and destroy the second pair ( the zerg will have to stop to destroy the first set ) when in doubt , blink ! edit : i just completed the mission again today , and can emphatically restate that you do not want to take the suggested route ( delimited by the arrows on the minimap ) but cut straight through the little zerg base in the pit . just keep running , and you should be able to escape handily ( just be careful about where your units are before you blink -- i wound up only saving 5 of the 6 stalkers because one poor fellow misjudged the blink distance and wound up having to go the long way around . : ( )
it is a random assortment based on your skill level . every mission has a minimum skill before it becomes availiable , and there is a maximum number of availiable missions at each tier , which is based on your skill and increases with it . you can refresh the list by zoning into a new area , or logging out and back in .
look first off , you do not really need to be too precise . the main thing is to only buy blue reduced items from the wholesellers . and then try really hard to only sell pink " in demand " items ( these will sell for over 200% ) . working like that , you will smash the final week target easily . when you sell e.g. an order of 3 things with a description of e.g. " something metal " to the old man , he will accept 240% for each , and you bought them for e . g 33k and are selling them for 100k each , you can make some massive profits . for experience the main thing is to make sure that you get a lot of customers in for each session . make sure the shop is stocked with some cheap crap , food is good , and in the middle of the style scale e.g. not too gaudy and then you will get a lot of customers . i also put expensive stuff in the shop window . then you will hit regularly hit 128 xp . the actual answer to your question is beyond me now . i wrote out all the percentages but then deleted the file because the end game is a bit of a grind and i knew i was not coming back . i found that , of course , the old man is more generous than the little girl , however , as well as this , i seem to remember that what they said was really important . each type of shopper has their own little sayings e.g. they will come to the counter and say something and the thing that they say determines the price that they are willing to pay , so what i did was write out each and every sentence and used trial and error to work the optimum percentage for each sentence . if they tried to haggle then next time they used that same sentence , i would lower the percentage a little bit , and i continued like that until they accept the price without haggling .
the towers are there to provide atmosphere , but they do not advance the plot or otherwise " do " anything . in other words , they are part of the backdrop meant to make the world feel authentic . powering up a tower will make it start transmitting a signal , which in most cases is a repeating morse code message . you can use your pipboy to locate the source of the transmission , usually a ham radio in an underground bunker near the tower , accessible through a drain . some of the bunkers have decent loot . most towers transmit a very simple morse code messages that basically say " hello , is anyone out there ? this is [ station id ] . please respond . " but two of the towers instead transmit audio recordings , one of just the sound of breathing . this fallout wiki page lists all the broadcast towers , explains the morse code signals , and provides links to each tower where you can see its specific message .
based on the fact that people are still setting high scores on this game ( exceeding a million points ! ) , i do not believe it ever ends . you will just keep facing the master over and over again until you fail .
from the civfanatics forum : khaaan ! requires an outright loss through both score and lack of conquests . if you want the achievement , easiest is to give all your cities away to a remaining ai one turn before the end of the scenario , then press end turn .
in the general sense , every weapon will give the same dps at the same rough level of skill . if you are just as skilled with the dual swords as the gunlance , your dps is going to be roughly even . how much dps you do depends on quite a few factors , and if all of these are equal , so will the dps . you can see the damage formula here . it is not just raw dps you need to pay attention to , nor elemental . you need to ensure you are hitting the right area of the monster , using an element the monster is weak to , and you have to make sure you dodge , too . monsters are not just going to sit still and take it , either , so you can not just assume you can go all out and have perfect dps . in the end , dps is somewhat of a meaningless stat , as it all evens out .
i found detailed information about the juggernaut strike-chain on this and this entry on a call-of-duty wiki . basically : you can not jump you can not go prone you can not pick up weapons you are moving very slow ( 65% speed ) this is consistent with my personal experience as far a i remember ( i am at work now and havn't played for about 9 hours or so , maybe i remember wrong )
each time you pick up ammunition , every member of your party receives ammunition as though they had picked it up . this is different to the way gold and eridium is shared and there is no indicator to show that you have gained ammunition as a result of one of your party members picking some up . the below is quoted from one of the discussions as a result of testing the behaviour of this mechanic : when you or your friend collect ammo it goes to all players . it is not like 5 bullets go to each player or some crap like that . everyone gets every ammo drop ever . yes it works . it is the same for cash and eridium . . . the only indication of you getting ammo is if you are in your backpack at the time watching it .
from personal experience ( which seems backed up by this thread where the developer responded ) , the repair arm heals you 1 hull point , regardless of the amount of scrap collected . from the developer via that thread as well : we did not want it to be always a positive , obvious choice . the power of constant repairs after every fight is too useful without at least a few setbacks . [ . . . ] i might sell it come sector 6 or 7 if i am doing well since that 15% starts to hurt a lot more and the extra boost to finish off the boss is helpful . the ftl wikia seems to agree with this as well : repairs your hull by 1 point every time you collect scrap [ . ]
bs or big smokes house where most of his missions start is quite near grove st . all you have to do the is go past the ganton gym and you are nearly there , do you know about waypoints ? if so you can always put a way point at grove st and follow it . grove st is just above the n in ganton
i have got a building that has what looks like an icon of a garbage bag with a red line running through it hovering above . what does this mean ? while i am on the topic of icons , what exactly does the " sun " icon mean ? i see it over unfinished buildings as well as finished ones . this icon indicates that the building has not produced anything in the last year . for example , a secondary industry may not have been provided with raw materials or a ranch may have been swallowed by urban buildings . the sun icon indicates that your avatar el presidente is visiting the building , which boosts productivity or reduces construction time as applicable . how exactly do garages work ? i know they are supposed to increase the speed at which stuff gets delivered to the docks from factories/farms/etc , but where exactly am i supposed to place them ? close to the teamsters office , or to the factories , or somewhere in between ? not exactly , garages increase the speed at which workers get to buildings ( therefore indirectly promoting productivity ) . people visit a garage between there home and pick up a car so they do not have to walk the entire way ( which takes a long time ) . therefore garages should be placed in residential areas and in distant rural areas ( e . g . docks , farming areas ) . does the amount of actual farmable free space surrounding a farm affect it is output ? i am assuming it does just by observation . yes , it does . this is also visible on the overlay when building the farm or in the overlays menu . does the whole " swiss bank account " mechanic actually do anything ? it increases your score for a mission , and the campaign as a whole . do you need more than one marketplace ? does it matter where it is placed ? no , you do not need more than one , however the closer they are placed to residential areas the less time your citizens spend walking to get food . when it comes to getting rid of shacks , do you need to build housing directly over them or near them , or is simply having better housing available somewhere on the island enough ? shacks can be manually bulldozed or built over ( though in both cases more will appear if alternative housing is not available ) however you are correct that if sufficient affordable housing is available residents will move out of their shacks and in to the accommodation , the shacks then fall down of their own volition after having been empty for a while .
from your description it sounds like you are most concerned with testing the contents of a hopper that is filling a minecart ( either a chest minecart or a hopper minecart ) and performing an action based on its empty or full state . this is good because it is quite easy to test , as opposed to testing the contents of the cart itself . since you mention in a comment that you are basically building off of my previous design , but adding an automatic option to send the minecart instead of pressing a button , i will show you how to modify it accordingly : after adding a hopper above the cart , add a comparator which powers a redstone torch . this will turn on when the hopper empties . this signal then powers a rising edge detector circuit that consists of a dropper feeding another hopper , which in turn feeds back into the dropper . place a single item in the dropper . a comparator tests the contents of the hopper , and a repeater feeds the signal into the powered rail . whenever the feeding hopper empties , the rail powers and sends the cart along .
it is not possible as yet . they have plans for character profiles , similar to world of warcraft 's armory . http://us.battle.net/d3/en/blog/5406050/character_profiles_coming_soon-5_11_2012 also , http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804 details blizzard 's plan for an api to get diablo 3 information .
the only real answer seems to be , that nobody actually knows . i have accumulated points that i have no idea what to do with . i have trolled forums etc to find out , but to no avail . seems we will have to wait for origin to tell us what they are for , and how to spend\use them . in the mean while , continue to stack them up .
you appear to have your two carbuncles mixed up . gust is the " auto-attack " spell of the emerald carbuncle , summoned with the spell summon . gouge is the " auto-attack " spell of the topaz carbuncle , summoned with the spell summon ii . they function differently , and serve different roles - emerald carbuncle is best suited for group activities ( like dungeons , fates , etc . ) , whereas topaz carbuncle is best suited for soloing ( since all of his abilites have increased enmity generation ) . note that summon ii and the topaz carbuncle are not earned until level 15 upon completion of the quest topaz teachings , available in the arcanist 's guild in limsa lominsa .
solved - user error i realised last night that this was down to me not clicking apply after making my changes and pressing " esc " . in my defence esc does exit other screens in the game without abandoning changes so it might be useful to include a warning if there are unsaved changes on the keybinding change but i will suggest this on the dev forum .
well , they neither do improve your assist nor they are just for fun . completing marksman challenges only unlock weapon attachments , which might offer new tactical alternatives , depending on your playstyle . there are bugs in the game where equipping a visor attachment ( holographic , acog ) actually will increase accuracy slightly whem aiming down sights on some guns ( will not go into detail ) , but that is a different question . completing other challenges have various effects , namely they upgrade your perks from basic to pro .
you can get a mighty blow when you use a channeled skill , but only if you kill enough monsters fast enough . the fact that you use a channeled skill to kill enough monsters does not qualify for mighty blow unless you kill them quickly enough . i am pretty sure that , in general , mighty blow does not care at all on how you got the kills - from a single channeled skill , from an aoe attack , from a combination of mines and 2 different skills - it only cares about 6+ kills in a short enough timespan ( about a second ) . so whether a skill is channeled or not has no impact here . but either way i was able to 100% verify that mighty blow is obtainable from channeled skills , but only when you kill the monsters quickly enough .
as of patch 5.3 , there is a loot specialization submenu accessible by right-clicking your portrait . using this menu , you can specify which spec you want to receive loot for , instead of being limited to just your current spec .
200 is already pretty annoying . i guess from 150 on you have an clear advantage over the other guy ( harder to dodge/land skillshots ) and after 450-500 it gets unplayable .
i have found a website with statistics that look promising . op . gg seems to track all the players of every region .
this post tells you how to back up your bf3 save files for transfer to another computer : http://forums.electronicarts.co.uk/battlefield-3-pc/1455727-solved-battlefield-3-orgin-backup-method.html it should be in something like " c:\games\orgin games " and then " battlefield 3" or " bf3" . additionally , you have the option of saving your games in the cloud through origin .
that is the the number of innocent people left that the mine crawler has not killed yet . from the manual on page 7: q : i keep seeing these random messages on the screen , like " au revoir , paris " . what do they mean ? a : if you look at the meter in the lower right corner of the screen , there is a green band surrounding it . at its fullest , it indicates the number of people alive near the city-mine crawler . as the bar decreases in size , that indicates that more and more innocent people are dying . when the bar is depleted , a major city has been destroyed by an alien city because you took so long . way to go . . the manual is unclear as to what , if any , effect this has on gameplay .
after a little research i found that you need to " catch " each of the worms that appear on fishing hooks , both the individual worms and the " cans " of worms . once you have done this about 5-6 times , the purple tootfish will appear . i do not know if prevents you from completing the acheivement , but i recommend avoiding the non-worm fish hook items . at the least they waste time , and they may prevent you from getting the achievement - especially if you are using director mode .
a very interesting discussion about this from this reddit /r/teslore post : in the azura and the box story , the sage nchylbar was not trying to prove whether azura could determine what was in the box . he was concerned with whether the divine spirits had mastery over all of the world , or if mortals could create their own destinies . so he duped azura . she saw clearly what was in the box , but he palmed the flower before revealing it . in the aldmer version of the tale , a sphere becomes a flat square , but i would surmise that the gist of the story still hinges on slight of hand trumping divine power . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44wcqk azura and the box is one of the tales of the ancient dwemer by marobar sul . it is a plagiarisation of a colovian story adapted to fit a popular conception of the dwemer . it is not to be regarded as an historical document . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44y12r
you will find them on the " n7: cerberus attacks " mission on tuchanka , they are in the control room for the cannon . just grab them from there , or if you missed them you can usually buy those quest items in the spectre shop on the citadel .
bend will can be used on odahviing and he can be ridden . picture from http://imgur.com/r/skyrim/labhz
i have not gotten there yet myself , but according to the internet : you get the last item in the final boss battle .
i think i happened upon a fix that supports my theory about the IsVisible attribute . using another suggestion i found about becoming ethereal and fast traveling , i used Shadowcloak of Nocturnal and fast traveled . i was always able to tell when my attempts fail after i attempt to switch armor which would always result in me becoming invisible again . after fast traveling with this spell , i am now able to switch armor and remain visible . i think this combination of invisibility and fast travel toggled that boolean flag back to its proper value . let 's hope this stays . update well , it is not completely back to normal , but i am not complaining . my character still appears to be slightly phased . this pic shows that you can still see through the body . at least i can see my character now . what a strange bug .
you should be able to find your save files here : %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\South Park - The Stick of Truth\save
although there are other answers about upgrades , i could advise about mercenaries . from my perspective the most valuable are siege tanks and battle cruiser . i would save money from hiring other stuff . they are not much better and die relatively quickly . and in short : is it possible to get all upgrades ? if in one campaign - short answer " no " . but if you ok to bother with earning moneys via passing same missions 5-10 times just to get research points to be converted into money - you could try . although i do not see any value in that . edit : sorry . to be honest i must to say i did not try to earn more research points . but i read that it will works only after getting 25 zerg/protoss points . only after that time you could try to earn more . but i would suggest to play in usual way ( probably on casual level ) to pass 10-15 missions and to get 1m credits . made a save and after that do 1 upgrade line - get achievement , reload . do another upgrades line . . .
this video tutorial i made ( with co-conspirator kaliard ) demonstrates how to make a safe , easy-to-make , and stylish " trash can " incinerator using a chest , a hopper , and a dropper ( those last two new in minecraft 1.5 ) in a vertical stack , with a redstone clock to activate the dropper . the hopper pulls any items you put into the chest and puts them into the dropper , which ejects the items into a pool of lava in front of it when you throw the switch . the benefits of this design are safety for you , your pets , and especially your items . there is no worry about accidentally hitting the " throw " key while holding your enchanted pick , as with open-pit designs . because the redstone clock can be turned on and off with a switch , you can load up the trash can and be sure that , when you flip the switch , only the items that you intend to incinerate will be destroyed .
i have never experienced it , but it is to my understanding that it is the second one and that they do bypass the town 's defenses and terrorize people that would then only have their house defense and defensive items in their chest to save them . the first one where they get added to the attack is if you throw them out of town . because of people liking their brains , disposing of them is worth your ap or water in almost every situation . the only time that it would not would probably be if you do not have enough defenses to protect against the attack anyway , but watering them would still help there , and you would pretty much be doomed then anyway . edit : i found it in the die2nite help under " the attack of the hordes " now : phase 1 : the return of the living dead all the citizens who died in the town the night before and whose corpse has not been destroyed or dumped in the desert will rise again ! as they are already within the town walls , they will do untold damage ! the dead who have been dumped in the desert will attack the town as one of the horde .
the drive is separate from your account , and the ps3 backup is not reliant on ps+ subscription . you do not lose anything owned by your account by deleting it from your ps3 . if your backup fails , try deleting unnecessary files like game install data ( under game data utility on the game category on the xmb ) , i had a problem when install data for one game was corrupted and this may fail a backup . when all else fails , backup all of your saves to the cloud backup then replace your old drive with the new drive and restore all the saves to it . you will need to redownload all of the full games , demos , game patches , dlc and reinstall disc based games in order to play them again , though , and you will lose the current themes on your system and all the non-game media ( movies , pictures , music ) .
no your mmr does not drop and it will also not decay from inactivity . really the only things that affect your mmr are winning and losing . up until last season queue dodging was used to " troll " the league system by playing into a promotion and then winning one game while dodging the other one . with this trick players were able to reach diamond mmr while being placed in a bronze league . basically , if you dodge you will lose lp but you will gain slightly more lp next game .
apparently , the final dialogue option of the game depends on your paragon/renegade score , and not just your overall reputation . and it does so in a rather strict way - you must have either gone 100% paragon or 100% renegade to unlock that option . it does not make a huge difference to the story though , and every other option only depends on overall reputation , so it is not that big of a deal .
you can not turn your actual lord unit into a vampire . however , any male unit that can become a knight or evil one unit is able to , with the use of an item called blood kiss . naturally , if you want it early , you should do it with knights , since evil ones are somewhat late-game classes . knights require a at least 50 ali on a male unit with decent physical stats , most of your fighters in the early game will easily be able to class change into it within the first map or two . evil ones are low ali units that promote from the wild man class , but it requires having fairly high stats so it is not going to be early . unfortunately , the only method to do it early is simply luck . the blood kiss , as a usable item , can only be found by random drops by enemies after defeating them in battle . you can not get it as buried treasure . so it is just a matter of being lucky enough to get one . increase your chances by making sure you kill every single enemy on every map . there is one guaranteed blood kiss , but it is extremely late game . it requires the character galf to join your party ( always one of the last characters ) , and you simply have to return to the antanjyl map and visit the town powant noal with him in the unit . once you get one , just use it on a knight or evil one . for knights , it is recommendable that you try to lower their ali afterwards , since the vampire only acts at night . there is no stat requirements or anything past actually being in the required class .
the shards do not remove the shield , the sky crystal does . to answer your 3 questions : how can i get the shard ( s ) that i need ? skyshards can drop from every enemy in pandaria . the problem is that they are really rare . the drop chance is way lower than 1% so be ready to invest some time if you really want the mount . how do i use the item ( s ) required to be able to attack alani ? very simple : once you have 10 skyshards , click them to create a sky crystal and then find alani , target him and click the sky crystal . is the mount a 100% from alani , or does it get mailed or instantly added ? the mount is a 100% drop but remember that it requires an exalted reputation with the august celestials ! you also need cloud serpent riding to fly this mount .
the ds remake suffers from sequel difficulty spike , especially regarding the fight against golbez ( he turned from a pushower to a brick wall ) . you need luck and strategy to beat him ( more luck than strategy ) . try to slow golbez with rosa . this makes the fight a bit more manageable , because you have a bit more time . try to time kains jump , so that he is in the air when golbez ( or his pet ) starts to pick off your party one by one ( except cecil ) . rydia should show up and now the real fight begins . golbez will use barrier change , wich makes him absorb all magic except for one type . you can see his weakness by using libra . but before you do that , try to get your party up . start with rosa - phoenix down + hi-potion . as soon as she is up , have her dual cast shell and cura on the group . if you do not have dual cast , just cure the party . now is the time to use libra . expose golbez weakness and attack with with rydias summon . after the hit , golbez will change his elemental weakness , so use libra again ( and do not forget to heal ! ! ) . golbez also likes to drain your mp - do not be afraid to use an ether or two . also remember to keep him slowed . kain can either heal or use his cry .
so i have been doing a run with suicidal exploding zoltans as my primary form of offense and here 's what i have found : zplosions do 15 damage to every enemy crew member in the room . it does not vary based on distance , if they are in the room they take 15 damage . no , i managed to train a zoltan up to full combat and his explosion still did 15 damage . no , its 15 points flat no matter what the target is . the mind controlled zoltan will not damage the crew he belongs to . iqandreas already answered this one in the comments .
how far into the game are you ? during the first mission , and up until the end of the first class lesson , you are unable to switch spells . the students default to wingardium leviosa and the adults default to reducto .
another negative aspect of resting is that it expends your hunger level much more quickly than playing at normal speed . think of it as the game increasing the play speed by a few [ units ] , anything affected by time is affected by resting .
as far as i know , the honor of a daimyo is his own . when that daimyo dies , and is replaced the things that he has done will not so much effect the new one .
assuming you are building down : build a down stairway on the first level from the designate ( d ) menu . build up-down stairways on the levels before the bottom from the designate ( d ) menu . if you have a defined " bottom " level , build an up stairway on that level from the designate ( d ) menu . you will need to switch your view 's " z-level " to build the levels . you switch " z-levels " by using &lt ; to go down a " z-level " , and &gt ; to go up .
i did some testing on this , and i am convinced that the wiki is currently incorrect here ( it says 999 monster kills ) . in my experience ( in normal ) counting monsters , it took ~ 5 white monster kills to reach an additional percentage . i also tried counting in torment , and it seemed to be the same . i did some additional data gathering counting the kills to reach 10% progress . it was difficult to get groups that were easy to count , and i avoided recording data for groups with the illusionist affix , as well as enemies that continually spawn other enemies . if i was unsure in my counting , i would throw out the group of 10% , and kill whites until i reached the next 10% . still , it is very difficult to count exactly how many enemies you are killing . this meant that i only got 2-3 data points per run . here 's my data : 36 white 7 elite 32 white 9 elite 41 white 3 elite 38 white 4 elite 34 white 8 elite 37 white 7 elite 36 white 8 elite 52 white 44 white 3 elite 35 white 7 elite while this is not a lot of data ( and i did not distinguish between champions , minions or rares ) , we can make a couple of conclusions . elites do count as more than one kill . using 52 kills ( per 10% ) as a baseline , an elite on average gives 2.58 kills . it takes ~50 kills per 10% . this would put the total monsters slain to complete a rift at 500 . counting monsters as you go is not a fun or efficient way to run a rift :- )
this list does not take in account every legacy items such as the star of azkaranth which could in the pre 2.0 patch roll ( 3-5% vs elites ) but no longer does ( legacy one vs ros one ) bonus vs elite black bone arrows ( quiver : 5-8% ) archfiend arrows ( quiver : 4-7% ) hellcat waistguard ( belt : 3-5% ) halcyons ascent ( amulet : 10-15% ) stone of jordan ( ring : 25-30% ) unity ( ring : 12-15% ) blood magic blade ( 1 hand blade : 4-7% ) sun keeper ( 1 hand mace : 15-30% ) empyrean messenger ( 1 hand spear : 5-8% ) venomhusk ( bow : 8-9% ) sydryu crust ( bow 9-10% ) ruinstoke ( wand : 4-7% ) aughild 's set ( bonus 3 : 15% ) blackthorne 's set ( bonus 2 : 10% ) socketin a weapon with a diamond ( 2-20% depending on the diamond quality ) bonus vs other types tyrael 's might ( chest : 10-20% damage to demons ) pig sticker ( 1 hand dagger : 15-30% damage to beasts and 15-30% damage to humans ) monster hunter ( 1 hand sword : 5-6% damage to beasts ) sever ( 1 hand sword : 5-10% damage to demons )
yes . the higher your lock picking the longer your picks will last while trying to open the lock . if you reset back to 15 , your picks will break very often , thus making it necessary to constantly try to remember and find where the hot spot is for picking the lock . this will mean that it may take you a lot more lock picks before finding the hotspot of a difficult lock .
the main difference between normal and vintage items is that vintage items are all the items people obtained before the mann-conomy update . they can no longer be acquired in any way except trade . this makes them very rare . you can recognise them by their blue name only , since people could also just rename their items vintage . also , as pointed out in the comments , the " vintage tyrolean " and the " vintage merryweather " are renamed to " vintage vintage tyrolean " and " vintage vintage merryweather " respectively . see the mann-conomy faq : q : why have all my items switched to " vintage " items ? a : some items that used to be rare will become more common when they are available for purchase . we wanted to give players this option , but still recognize people who obtained those items the old-fashioned way in the past . so we decided to perform a one-time conversion of all the old items into " vintage " versions , which will never be attainable in the future . this way , those older rare items remain rare ( in fact , they are even rarer , because they are limited editions now ) . basically , valve decided that making items available for money devalued the items , since it is less impressive to buy an item then it is to craft/find it . therefore they converted every existing item in people 's inventories to vintage items . since you can no longer create them ( only the items converted at the update become them ) vintage items are very rare , which gives them a higher value in trade . otherwise they are identical . additionally , a couple items are excluded , such as badges , promotional items ( eg . bill 's hat ) and holiday items ( eg . ghastly gibus ) . funnily enough , the vintage item 's rarity will increase over time , as people use them up in crafting . see also : the quality article on the team fortress wiki .
the mousetrap maibock is not purchased ; you get it by tapping on a mouse .
in general the requirements to tier up are : population , number of workshops and production ( a rating based on the number of things created in workshops ) . you also need at least one farm . the requirements for the different tiers is : tier 1 ( camp ) 2 workshops , population 20-29 , and production > 20 tier 2 ( settlement ) 6 workshops , population 30-39 , and production > 100 tier 3 11 workshops , population 40-59 , and production > 500 tier 4 population 60-99 , and production > 1000 tier 5 population 100-199 , and production > 3000 tier 6 population 200+ and production > 10000 there is a bug in the current version ( 1.41 ) that if your population exceeds the range of the next tier before you meet the other requirements , you will not progress to the next tier - so if you are at tier 1 and have population 40 before having enough workshops or production then you can not progress to tier 2 but need to skip straight to tier 3 ( or cull your population ) .
this is undoubtedly a video card issue . i had something similar , only it was displaying just green gobbledygook . your only recourse is to call up microsoft and hope it is under warranty -- or replace it . sorry .
the nes titles run just fine . there are no worries there . the n64 titles run mostly fine . sometimes they slow down and " lag " a bit . get a bit choppy , but run surprisingly well for being emulated on the console that is next gen to it . played all the way through ocarina of time with no problems . played all the way through majora 's mask with only 1 freeze . both were choppy in parts , but overall very playable experience for me .
the wii has had access to the rock band store since the release of rock band 2 . your wii needs to be connected to the internet , and you need regular wii points in order to purchase the songs . the usual price is 200 points per song , but there are some priced at 100 points . also , due to the lack of a hard drive , you will want a good sized sd card in the wii in order to store the songs . i have a 2gb in mine , but that is because rock band 2 does not support a larger card , even though the wii does . my guess is that rock band 3 will support larger sd cards .
nicer quality items have more components , so you can potentially get more parts out of them . the quality of the component is pre-defined based on what the item is . for example , salvaging an iron longsword will never give you any other blade than an iron blade , while a steel longsword will never give you any other blade than a steel blade it is random as to what and how many components you get , however higher blacksmithing levels will increase your chance at salvaging the item 's components , so you will likely get more pieces from it . you can also save / load your game if there is a particular component of an item that you want , such as a life steal component , or mana steal .
yes , you can find the same piece of set item multiple times . source : personal experience proof : also if you do not have the luck to get the same items you sold you can just buy them off the merchants you sold them to but of course the price will be lot higher then what you got for them ( but then again that does not really matter as getting the money if fairly easily and fast past lv10 and you will have so much money you wont know what to do with it anyway ) .
it is absolutely possible to get comfortable at the kick and jump attack but there is no setting to make it easier . i am unsure of the frame data for kicking , but the active frame window for parrying ( one of the most advanced combat maneuvers ) is from 6 to 8 frames , i assume it is the same for kicking . that being said , the game runs at ~30 fps giving you a whole 1/5 of a second to input the commands together . the ' forward ' command is inputted at the top of the joystick gradiant meaning that you can press forward but it will not count towards the kick command until it hits 100% . because of this , most times that i fail the kick it is because the forward command was too late . i have found it is easiest to input the rb when i hear the ' click ' sound of the joystick hitting its cage , in an effort to delay the forward command until i know it is actually being inputted .
i do not believe this is currently possible with respect to controlling each piston in a completely independent manner from all the other pistons . it is possible to isolate the inputs to each piston such that they can be independently extended , but the problem arises when you want to independently retract them . here is the key point from the " bugs " section of the minecraft wiki for pistons : if two extended pistons are one above the other , the lower one cannot retract until the upper one retracts ( video explanation ) . if the top one will start extending while bottom one is still retracting , the last will start extending as well . the only possible solution i can think of would be to retract all higher pistons whenever a given piston needs to retract , then return them to their previous state ( if they were extended ) after a brief delay . this is the only way to ensure that a given piston can retract , but would require more complicated redstone circuitry . it would also mean that the pistons are not acting in a completely independent fashion , since changes to lower pistons would transiently affect the states of higher pistons . to illustrate proof of concept for this solution ( transiently resetting all higher pistons to their retracted state ) i built a simple 2-piston stack : the lever on the left controls the lower piston , and the lever on the right controls the upper piston . here 's a view from the top showing how it is all wired up in back : the left lever drives the lower piston directly , but the right lever drives another piston that opens and closes a circuit delivering power to the upper piston ( basically , an and gate ) . the " power " in this case comes from two or -ed signals : one is the left lever signal passed through a repeater with a 1-tick delay ( coming from the left in the image ) and the other is the left lever signal inverted then passed through a repeater with a 2-tick delay ( coming from the top in the image ) . this design creates a scenario whereby power is continuously supplied for use by the upper piston if the lever for the lower piston is in the on state , off state , or transitioning from off to on . however , when transitioning from on to off , the power to the upper piston will be temporarily disconnected . if in the extended state , the upper piston will momentarily retract long enough for the lower piston to retract before returning to the extended state . extending this solution to a larger stack of pistons is an exercise i will gladly leave to the reader . i for one am hoping they will simply correct the bug . ; )
this video here provides an excellent way of getting gold badge on this level . you have the right idea , you want to make them circle around , one of the best areas to do so is right at the beginning .
abigail 's attack is relatively weak but it affects all enemies near her . she is not very good at fighting single , larger enemies ( though pretty much anything that tries to fight a tree without kiting it will die ) . she is , however , extremely effective against groups of smaller enemies such as spider dens . once summoned , abigail will remain until killed . this means you can summon her outside of combat by killing a rabbit or other small creature and have her with you when the fight starts . it is much easier than trying to summon her while fighting/running for your life .
it is very similar to the way it worked in mass effect 2 . disc 1 contains the first and last missions of the game , while disc 2 contains the more open middle part . however , as you experienced , some of the early side missions on disc 2 are accessible while you are still on the disc 1 part , but this is not a big deal . once you get to the disc 2 part , there is no more disc swapping until you get to the final missions on disc 1 .
it seems to be just a bug , and not related to either dlc character : for some reason they forgot zaeed , but kasumi still appears ( circled above ) . however , if zaeed was not loyal to the mission , he will die saving korlack . oddly enough , he will not appear on the memorial wall on the crew deck , although joker will mention him as a casualty before launching the last mission . source
all champions got their pros and cons and like all others varus got his counters . in my opinion all champs who got skills to evade varus skillshots will counter him hard like a bot lane with lot of cc . so back to your question : if you are able to play passive and land varus q ( which is his long range arrow skillshot ) as often as possible you can definitely kick some other champs . if you going to give it a try here is the link to the top-rated varus guide available on mobafire . there you can find everything you need .
no , the goblin thief does not steal anything from chests , despite his name . sources : http://terraria.gamepedia.com/goblin_thief http://terraria.wikia.com/wiki/goblin_thief
you can obtain manure either from feeding flowers to pig men , or more reliably from finding a herd of beefalo , who produce it all the time .
no . . . you can hit rewind story . it is r1 on playstation so i am assuming it is rb on xbox . i do not know about pc . it gives you the option to rewind story so that the events and outcomes are different . if you hit replay mission and select a mission , you can rewind the story back to there .
no when you dont have enough money you have to travel on foot . you can however always travel to the nearest waypoint on death . as stated on the gw wiki : maximum costs when defeated , but broke . if you are defeated , you can always travel to the nearest waypoint . if you have no money in inventory , the cost will be deducted from your bank . if you also have no money in the bank , you will not be charged beyond what you had left in inventory . if the waypoint is contested , you will have to wait to travel ( or have someone mail you the cost to travel to the next nearest waypoint ) . you cannot travel to the mists while defeated . source
no , there is no time limit . merely using a power or dealing damage to an enemy will grant you an assist , no matter how long it has been .
as far as i know , nothing will happen . so yes , return manually . it felt kinda weird to not get any feedback , but i liked the empty feeling it left me with .
the reason why people do the bounties in act 1 normal is the so called " split farming act 1" . split farming is the term for everyone going to a different bounty and completeing it . people who do this want to get as much rift keystones as possible to be able to farm nephalem rifts endlessly . another reason is that in act 1 bounty rewards there is the most wanted ring in the whole game . this ring can only be found in act 1 rewards , so people can specifically farm for it .
the world data , which also includes player inventories , is saved to a folder in the current working directory of the server . the name of said folder depends on the level-name setting in server.properties , and defaults to world . thus , you can start a new world and toggle between the saves by simply changing this setting . vanilla server commands related to saving/backups : /save-all - forces the server to save . /save-off - disables saving . you should definitely execute this before making a backup of a running server to ensure that the server does not save while you are copying , which could result in a corrupt backup . /save-on - re-enables saving .
that is correct . once you can not level any more , the only way to increase health/magicka/stamina is from gear or spell/potion effects .
http://lol.fanrealm.net/ojeq0b4qjaobspeqcpqm/#stats i think this is what you are looking for . it is a very well designed and complete champion builder . where you can also import your own runepages ( from your actual lol account ) for more convenience . take some time to get used to the ui cause it can be a bit chaotic in the first 5 minutes . plus in public beta server there is already something similar implemented . in case you are only interested in remembering full item builds . info here : http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/04/41-pbe-update.html
the point of the game is to work together as a team to defeat the enemy team . there are now two primary modes : multiplayer - you and your team take on another team of human players in a game on one of several types of maps including : capture the flag king of the hill payload ( one team attempts to " push " a cart along a track to the other player 's base ) control point and others . . . co-op ( aka : mann vs . machine ) - you and your team work together to fend off wave after wave of ai controlled " robots " . keep in mind tf2 is a " class based " shooter , which has nine roles , which each play very differently . scout : a fast light class that captures points more quickly . soldier : a slightly heavy class that carries a rocket launcher . pyro : a short range , mid weight class with a flamethrower , which is great for rooting out spies . heavy : a very heavy , slow class with lots of hp and a fully auto " mini-gun " . demoman : a mid weight class that carries explosive weapons , including the remotely detonated sticky bombs . engineer : a mid weight class that focuses on building buildings on the map such as sentry guns and dispensers that supply health and ammo to your team . medic : the ubiquitous healer with a heart of stone . sniper : a mid weight class with a sniper rifle . spy : a spy that can turn invisible , disguise as a member of the opposing team , and kill with a single backstab . your choice of starting class will likely depend on your experience in other games . soldier , heavy , and sniper will probably be the most familiar to players of fps . if you have not played a lot of fps i would suggest pyro , since it is a little less particular about aim , and does not require the strategy of medic or engineer . the game does feature training which i would suggest using before jumping in , it'll get you familiar with the classes and controls . after that find a multiplayer game and jump in . you may also want to check out the official tf2 wiki .
nope , the game will force you every time you have to get one . but you can go and put them in their socket at anytime you want ( after the related present mission ) . i did not do it before they asked me to do it in the main game .
nevermore is actually one of the more powerful heroes there are a couple things you should know about him : staying alive : nevermore 's damage is largely proportional to how many last hits you got since you last died . so stay alive ! you are going to need lother ( which turns your invisible ) or kelen 's ( which teleports you ) to do this , so after boots ( str or phase ) this is your first pick up . combo : because you have 3 shadowrase , you need to cast it more than once to kill . figure out the middle range usage ( hint its the same range as your basic attack ) and then follow up with short ( if he comes after you ) or long ( if he runs away ) . you can also combo it to get more kills . requim : this skill trades on being right next to your target , so combo it with lother or kelen 's for maximum effectiveness . ability build : necromasty ( to start grouping up your last hits ) shadowraze ( lvl 1 is not great , so hold off on it shadowraze ( your combo is starting to get good ) necromasty shadowraze ( by now your combo is leathal ) requim shadowraze necromasty necromasty 10+ you want to max out requim then presence of the dark lord damage : most of your early game kills revolve around shadowraze , but once you get to mid game you are going to want to pick up some dps . demons edge is very nice , as is manta style ( with bonus to survive ) . stygian is going to be essential in late game as it stacks with your presence . nevermore does not trade on his life steal , but mask of madness ' on use ability is nasty . i usually go for demon 's edge -> stygian -> buriza . if you are still looking for items after that skadi or satanic are both good , but you should be in end game by then . ok , it sounds like you have a larger problem than working well with nevermore , that extends to dota in general . a carry is a late game hero who can push a lane and take out 3-4 opposing heroes with little support . a hard carry is a character who needs to farm up all game specifically for late game . a soft carry is a player who does not have a ton of late game abilities but can become very powerful late game due to ganking . ganking is a term for going into an ally 's lane and helping to kill their enemy . this technique usually relies on surprise and coordination . ganking is useful for all heroes as nearby heroes split the xp of a kill and the last hit gains significant gold . agility based heroes usually operate as glass cannons early on , so ganking is a way to gain experience and gold with minimal risk ( the risk usually being getting ganked ) . nevermore 's ganking technique usually relies on casting shadowraze back to back . ideally you can get an ally to stun the target and there fore get off all 3 shadowraze . once you hit level 6 , if you have full necromasty use your lothar 's to get right on top of an opponent and ult . follow this up immediately with shadowraze ( remember to attack first so you are pointed in the right direction , but do not wait for the attack to go off ) . the target should be low and try to run . just dps him down till he is in range of your next shadowraze and enjoy the kill . farming is another technique to get to late game with an agility hero . nevermore is especially good at farming in his own lane ( known as laning ) because of shadowraze . adjust your range to be ideal for mid-range shadowraze ( you can do this by attacking ) . wait till the last one of your melee creeps is about to die then cast shadowraze . this should kill some of them and injure the rest . when they come into melee range your second shadowraze will finish them off . this is excellent farming technique , but very mana intensive so stock up on consumables .
in the college of winterhold 's living quarters , you can find a black market merchant named enthir - he will sell you black soul gems for something like 1200 or 1300 septims .
according to this article , yes . it is possible to escape the snow monster by traveling another 2000 m from the point which the monster gives chase , creating a loop and starting over from the beginning . one way to evade the monster is to go directly left or right in fast mode . he is right behind you , but cannot catch you unless you hit an obstacle . pressing " f " can make you move faster than the monster . also , here 's a video that shows it and xkcd :
i am going to break this down into a few subcategories consisting of everything i can think of . i am trying to be objective with this , but also making use of personal experience . do not hate me , fanboys . i own both . performance and appearance this is probably something you should look at on a game-by-game basis . you might think that the ps3 version of any given cross-platform game would look better because of its innards . however , the simple fact of the matter is that all too often cross-platform titles do not make enough use of the ps3 's hardware ( due to it being a little tricky to develop for ) , whereas titles developed exclusively for the ps3 look great . case in point : skyrim . i got it on 360 because it looks better and performs better ( the ps3 version had a nasty bug where an increase in save files had an adverse effect on performance somehow ; it could've been patched since then ) . pricing the thing here is that xbla uses microsoft points , which you can pay for in various ways . i do not buy mine through the console because i can get ' em cheaper online . doing things this way may result in you getting a better deal when getting a game for 360 . then again , it may not . all down to where you get your points and what the game is . online play as you probably know , online gaming on a 360 needs a gold account , which you have to pay for . on the ps3 , online play is free . however , in my experience ( mine , no-one else 's ) playing games online with a 360 has been a far more pleasurable experience due to fewer connectivity issues and better audio quality when talking to other players . then again , maybe the game in question does not have online functionality . as i said before , it depends on the game . achievements / trophies do you care about either ? probably not , but it is worth mentioning since this is a factor for some people . convenience of download the old 360 does not have a wifi adaptor , so you may find it more convenient to use your ps3 's wifi to download the game . if you have a newer 360 model , this point is moot . controller preference okay , i am reaching a bit here , but it is still relevant . despite its horrible d-pad , i prefer the 360 controller . everybody 's different . so , there ya go . make of it what you will : )
when dismissed , you can choose whether your companions return to your suite at the lucky 38 or the location you originally met them . . this travel is immediate , they do not walk through the wastes . ( note : the option to send them to the lucky 38 only exists if you have unlocked it by speaking to mr . house . )
no , there is no penalty in any of the street crimes for killing a suspect rather than capturing them alive , if the option is given to you . if you kill someone who you must capture alive , you will fail the street crime . usually the game will make this distinction clear to you when you start the pursuit . i should mention that if you are interested in achievements ( and your platform supports them ) there are achievements for tackling a suspect and for firing a warning shot to stop a suspect , which you sometimes have the opportunity to do during street crimes . these only count after the tutorial missions ( ie , once you become a full fledged detective ) however , you can always replay a case or street crime later , so these are not missable .
these symbols are called shadowmarks . glossary of shadowmarks ( all of the below comes from the in-game book , " shadowmarks" ) " the guild " this is the symbol for the guild . this means the place is as safe as the flagon 's cistern . if you see this shadowmark , someone from the guild is nearby for certain . " safe " we usually leave this shadowmark when we have scouted and found a safe way around something , a hallway without traps or maybe a house that is already cleared out . if you see one of these , head the way it is pointing and you will be fine . " danger " if you see this shadowmark , head the other way or take your life in your own hands . it means there is something ahead or beyond that door that wants to turn you inside-out . " escape route " now , on the rare occasion ( it better be a rare occasion if you want to work in the guild ) that you find yourself in jail , look for this little beauty . you see this shadowmark and escape is just a few steps away . " protected " we put these shadowmarks on places we do not want you to go . as in stay out of there or there is going to be a boot up the backside . these people are under the guild 's protection and should never be robbed or assaulted . " fence " this should quickly become your favorite shadowmark . the person near this mark will buy your . . . hard-earned stolen goods for a fair price . " thieves ' cache " who says we only take and never give back ? if you find this shadowmark near a chest or maybe a hollowed log , you are in for a surprise . . . a gift from the guild for the thief in the field . whoever said membership did not have its privileges ? " loot " there is something near this shadowmark worth stealing . saves you from breaking into a place only to find the people do not even have two septim to rub together . " empty " the opposite of the loot shadowmark . pass on this place , there is nothing inside .
anyone not currently using teleport is either not playing inferno ( the only difficulty mode that matters ) , or is using 2-3 other--less effective--defensive skills in its place , and thus wasting time and/or dps . teleport is a wizard 's only escape spell , and it can be used both offensively and defensively depending on your survivability requirements in your best gear ; in inferno , where nearly every champ pack or elite has one or more of fast/teleporting/vortex/jailer mods and so much cc reduction that snares are almost completely ineffective , the way you actually stay alive in practice is like this : dps while kiting , take first hit through force armor ( after stacking a lot of damage reduction on gear , of course ) to proc illusionist and reset your cooldown on teleport , teleport to escape/interrupt/dps as needed , then dps and kite while regenerating health - repeat until your mob is dead . of course , using teleport requires the illusionist passive skill to make any good use of it - but the only other inferno-worthy passives we have at this point are glass cannon/cold blooded/conflagration in terms of offense ( glass cannon being the only one worth taking in all but a handful of only marginally-effective builds ) , and galvanizing ward and blur for defense . ( general rule in choosing passives is this , for those unfamiliar : galvanizing ward until you reach at least 1200 life regen per second without it ; blur until you have enough dr to take advantage of force armor or unless melee damage is not an issue ; illusionist always - because you are always using teleport ; then phase in offensives as you increase your survivability , starting with glass cannon ) . many people recommend teleport with fracture , but i have found that the decoys are extremely unreliable a majority of the time ; to make effective use of them , you really need to use teleport before you have caused any damage to a mob , or else the mob will ignore your decoys completely - but this would mean you are playing inefficiently and overly defensively to begin with , and ultimately hurts your survivability by unnecessarily prolonging fights . i find this rune is only effective when fighting extremely large groups of many , many mobs - in which case , a small portion of them may be distracted by the decoys , which accounts for a moderate amount of overall damage reduction . still , that is almost always an avoidable situation , and manageable in other , better ways . in such a situation , wormhole would be a better option - because it would allow you to escape to a safe area/choke point and take control of the battle from there . in my experience , if you need a strong defensive option , wormhole is just far superior overall ; it lets you completely escape a fight with all but those few extra fast mobs that are already extremely fast by default , ( mostly in act 2 ) , which allows you to re-engage on your own terms - a far more valuable tactical solution than simply avoiding a single attack . if you are very fragile and simply can not take any hits yet , this is your best bet against most mobs and packs . the calamity rune is ideal if you have enough damage reduction to easily survive 3-4 hits through force armor , and enough life regeneration to recoup the loss from one hit in no less than a few seconds ( > 20k health , ~90% dr minimum without dodge , and ~1500 life regen per second ) . the wave of force cast upon landing actually knocks mobs back quite a reasonable distance , does decent damage , interrupts any casting/attack animation on non-bosses ( though you need to be conscious of your latency when using it in this way or they can still hit you if your timing is not perfect ! ) , and can be used both to escape a mob 's area as well as to simply push it away from your area - a huge improvement over other teleport runes in general , and even more so when used in the currently top-performing venom hydra/blizzard build variant , as it requires very precise positioning overall and kiting in the same area to take advantage of venom pools . i used this to great effect beginning in act 2 inferno , when i found i needed something that would allow me to repeatedly escape mobs that could close any distance nearly instantly and which could not be kited effectively with blizzard ( leapers , etc ) , without completely stopping my damage output . if you are forced to use calamity in a primarily defensive capacity for an extended period of time ( i.e. . you do not have enough time to cast 2-3 other dps spells between teleports ) , mirror image with mimics are an excellent addition ; with the small damage component they add while you are running for your life , plus the damage from calamity , kiting battles will go much , much , much faster - helping you avoid enrage timers , as well as keeping you out of harm 's way . if you consider the half-second to one second that mobs spend " confused " after being knocked back every time you use teleport with calamity , your overall reduction of incoming damage is going to be far higher than with any other rune - and you are doing damage at the same time . it is basically a wizard 's form of counter-attacking , and it is very effective when you learn to use it expertly .
all kills by the follower act exactly the same as monsters you have killed yourself . what that means is that you take 20% of the follower 's bonus , add it to your 's , and then apply that to all kills done by either of you .
i feel like there are usually a bunch of magic items there as well . a good option if you want to search for cheap equipment is to enter maximum buyout price when searching . at lower prices , the proportion of blue items tends to be higher .
the recently released patch should alleviate the issue , if not , try using msconfig to disable sound drivers you are not using on startup ( startup tab ) . if that does not work , go to device manager and disable sound devices you are not using .
it will create mis-matched boundaries , i have tried to create a map with 1.8 , played on it a little and then re-installed 1.7.3 . . . the biomes was a mess , no snow but water was turning to ice in normal biome , mountains were cut off abruptly to create new terrain from the 1.7.3 version . so yeah it will work , but if you create the terrain on 1.7.3 or 1.8 , it will stay as it is but new terrain will be generated compared on which version you are using . see pictures :
i finally found the folder : [User HOME Directory]/AppData/Local/Ubisoft Game Launcher/&lt;RANDOM NAME&gt;/4 
dramoria - cold , metal year of the dragon - earth , water , air , fire blast furnace - fire , metal ulster meadows - earth , plant rime or reason - air , cold marsh lands - plant , water , earth cherry road - fire , plant , earth shimmering faultline - lightning , earth electric skies - lightning , air
from the playstation blog : yes , some games do have this option . what you are looking for is pass-and-play multiplayer . q : how many playstation move motion controllers do i need ? a : most playstation move games only require one motion controller . however , some games may support two controllers for single-player gameplay ( such as the fight : lights out and certain events in sports champions ) or for multiplayer mode . q : how many players can use playstation move at the same time ? a : the actual number of players supported depends on the game you are playing . many playstation move titles support anywhere from 1 to 4 players with many options for gameplay , including single player , pass-and-play multiplayer , competitive , or co-op modes . the ps3 system supports up to seven devices , of which up to four of those devices can be playstation move motion controllers . sports champions does support pass-and-play . sports champions supports 1-4 players through intuitive , pass-and-play gameplay or head-to-head challenges . high velocity bowling does not specifically mention it , but reviews i have read suggest that it supports pass-and-play . brunswick pro bowling does not mention it either , and i can not tell from reviews whether or not pass-and-play is supported . if there is a specific bowling game you are asking about that is not listed , add that to your question and we will see if we can find out whether or not pass-and-play is supported for that game .
here 's a quote from the developers : q : i changed the in-game resolution , how can i restore the original settings ? a : the game will auto-detect your monitor 's proper resolution on start-up . if you change your resolution and the proper one is not available in the options menu , you can have it auto-detect again by deleting your profile here ( exact location may vary ) : "\program files\steam\userdata\33142021\107100\local " source
it tells what your supply count is at when the command to create the item is at . for example : 13 gate this means , if you have used 13 supply ( which means 13 probes ) , build your gate ( way ) then . elsewhere in the linked answer there are messages like : 2 gate rush which means , rush with units after you have two gate ( way ) s
tapping a mii twice in the plaza gives an indication of that player 's progress . this progress screen reveals a lot about what is available to achieve in the game . here are all the possible things to achieve in the game . master rank requirements are shown onscreen when picking the level . trophies can be bronze , silver , gold , and platinum . the legend of zelda : battle quest 10 stamps master rank on each level star player pikmin adventure 10 stamps master rank on each level star player metroid blast 15 stamps master rank on each level star player mario chase 5 stamps star player luigi 's ghost mansion 5 stamps star player animal crossing sweet day 5 stamps star player yoshi 's fruit cart 5 stamps trophy star player octopus dance 5 stamps trophy star player donkey kong crash course 5 stamps trophy star player takamaru 's ninja castle 5 stamps trophy star player captain falcon 's twister race 5 stamps trophy star player balloon trip breeze 5 stamps trophy star player
according to this faq , fences simply look nice . if you like how a farm looks with a fence , keep ' em around and maintain them . if you do not care , do not use ' em ! i always used them to separate parts of my farm for organizational purposes .
no , you can not receive medical attention in adventure mode . you can fully regenerate by turning into a werebeast and back , which happens every full moon if you are infected by a werebeast 's attacks . the next best thing to do is to wait ( doing so by traveling on the world map is easiest ) . it is a good idea to skinny dip after getting injured to prevent infections , preferably in running or at least not stagnant water . .
foefire 's essence can be created in the mystic forge by combining : 1 eldritch scroll 1 gift of light 70 mystic coins 250 orichalcum greatsword blades credit to maisen from the official guild wars 2 forums .
the skytweak mod allows editing of the player character attributes , including health , stamina , and magicka , and also many other game variables . attributes actor values description of all game variables that skytweak can change .
as far as i know , there are no specific factors that influence rare creature spawning , so the answer is just " anywhere lots of base creatures spawn " . here 's a list of creatures ' affinities to areas of aegrus : drifters : hunter 's grotto , right around the lodge . spores : hunter 's grotto , ardorton station , candlerakk 's crag open areas . boroks : hunter 's grotto west and south-east , use elevator , ardorton station west . skags : scylla 's grove mid-south , ardorton station center . scaylions : scylla 's grove north and west tunnels , ardorton station north and east , southwest path of candlerakk 's crag . suggested farming areas would then be : hunter 's grotto for spores , drifters , and boroks , candlerakk 's crag for scaylions , and scylla 's grove for skags . if farming for boroks , it may be effective to start at the lodge , run through scylla 's grove to ardorton , reload there and head back .
there are two ways i know of to create a new village : transplant villagers from an existing village : it is possible to transport villagers from an existing village , such as by placing them in a minecart , but two criteria must be met for them to stay where you unload them : they must be at least 32 blocks from the " center " of the existing village , or else they will simply return to the village . there must be homes at the new village , or else they will simply wander . the wiki discusses what constitutes a " house " and also suggests a number of designs you can use . cure some zombies : as the answer to this question indicates , zombies that spawn either in the wild or from spawners have a chance ( 10% ) of being a zombie villager , which can then be cured using a splash potion of weakness and a golden apple . if you build a village according to the links i gave above , you can then populate it with nearby randomly-spawned zombie villagers that you have cured of their zombie status .
a quick youtube search pulled up the following video , which helps demonstrate what i am about to tell you you need to do . basically , you should not try to reach the wall under bandage girl , as your position on the wall there prevents you from getting enough vertical boost from the repulsor to safely clear the buzz saw . if you jump from the ( safe ) flat ground before the final repulsor , you can easily clear the buzzsaw , as the video shows . edit : okay , now that you have posted a picture , i have misattributed the source wall of your frustrations . in that case , the answer is much simpler -- you are not supposed to end up on that wall . you need to get over the buzzsaw and inside the 2nd building from the repulsor .
yes , they are all available . the poi you are missing is called the lost grotto . it is tricky because the entrance to the area is across the map . i have marked the area you need to start with a red x . head to those docks and then in between them , underwater , you will find a tunnel . swim through that tunnel and follow the way through across the zone to find the lost grotto . it is a secret base for the order of whispers . you can also check out this youtube video : the vista you are missing is another one that is tricky to get . take the farshore waypoint and run up to tokk 's mill . at the door , you need to jump on on the straw piles to the roof , then drop down behind them . there is a tunnel/door hidden by some hanging vines to the right after you jump down . you will need to climb some more rocks and then you will see the vista . you can see this process in the following video :
it is based on the same timer as diablo 2 . to wit : regular items and gold disappear after exactly 10 minutes . magic items will disappear after 20 minutes . rare , set , crafted , and unique items will disappear after lying on the ground for 30 minutes .
according the wiki page on sugarcane , it is the hardest block to obtain in minecraft pocket edition , due to the worlds not being endless . if there is some that does spawn in your world ( sometimes there is none at all ) , you should be able to destroy it and pick itup , even in the free/demo version of minecraft pocket edition . also , it only spawns in sandy areas , but the sand has to be near water .
how it works when gameshark ( and other game enhancer products/homebrew ) gets loaded by the console , the enhancer is what launches the actual game . in doing so , it leaves behind a code handler in the system ram and " hooks " the game 's programming . specific locations in a game 's programming that get executed roughly every frame ( like reading the controller data ) are where " hooks " will be placed . ( because sdks are used , this makes finding hooks that work in all games for a system much easier ) what the hook actually does is redirect the flow of programming to the code handler the enhancer left behind . once the code handler is finished executing , it returns the flow of programming back to the point of hijacking . if you are familiar with gameshark 's " master code " , that is what sets the hook . ( other enhancers - like gecko os for wii - do not need master codes because the enhancer itself has a handful of sdk-based hooks that it can " find " in the game while it loads . ) structure of codes now a code itself is separated into three parts : the codetype ( this is usually the first byte of the code-- the first 2 hex characters ) . codetypes are specific to the enhancer . the address in ram that the codetype will use . the value the codetype will use at the specified address . the most common codetypes are : ram writes ( typical options are 8bit , 16bit , or 32bit ) with ram write , the codehandler will take the value and place it at the address . ( changing whatever was there , like setting your health to 100 ! ) conditionals ( typical options are > , &lt ; , = , ! = ) with conditionals , the codehander reads the value at the code 's address and compares it to the value in the code . if the comparison returns true , then the codehander will execute the next line in the code . ( how many lines it executes is up to the enhancer and often is an option in the codetype itself ! ) there is plenty more info we could dive into , but that should give you a good basis for understanding . = ) source : game hacker since 1999 , founder of http://geckocodes.org
changing affinity as suggested by cjm made things just worse as long as less then four cpus where selected . but it did not improve anything at all . i did not bother with the disk performance tools , would not believe i am in trouble with the ssd as i know ( and have measured in the past ) my throughput is around 200mb reading . i have no such hogging background processes , i do not run antivirus ( exactly because of this ) . checked with msconfig.exe , all automatically started services looked normal and tools started on system startup looked good as well . finally i tried to play around with compatibility setting when i found a CoJ_DX10.exe in the game directory . it never occurred to me this file exists as typing Juarez in the w7 start menu only provides my on links which starts up CoJ.exe it seems . after starting CoJ_DX10.exe and configuring my settings ( everything maxed out at 1600x1200 ) and played again from the start -> there was no stutter at all anymore . besides , it looks better still at 85 fps . . . so simple i can not believe it .
the most important part of support is going to be the communication . this needs to start before you select your support . you will not be able to pick the right support if you do not know ez 's playstyle . some ez 's might want to go aggressive . you are right about ez lacking the ability to blow an ad up quickly . however , his poke is significant . pair him with a sona , especially if you ban out soraka , and you can force the enemy out of lane . many ez 's though prefer to sit back and farm , doing damage once he is completed a solid part of his first damage item . in this case , soraka or jana will be a better compliment . recognize that the game is not going to be won in the lane . it is going to be that you enabled him to farm well enough to be a force in team fights . just because you are not getting kills or doing anything exciting does not mean you are a bad support . i also prefer to get exhaust over heal or cv . lots of people want to dive in on ez . having an exhaust to help peel for him can be crucial .
there is no hard number known to receive the honor ribbons . per the lol wiki : please note that there are currently no specifics given by riotgames regarding the exact numbers or formulas used in order to award medals and ribbons to honorable summoners , though there are rumors 100 honor points are needed for friendly , helpful and teamwork ribbons and 30 for the honorable opponent ribbon , although it is confirmed to be possible to get the teamwork ribbon without 100 honor points .
the only way to obtain the infinity blade sword is with gold , which can either be earned in-game or purchased through the in-app purchasing system ( approximately $20 usd to purchase enough gold to get the sword in-game ) .
the easiest way to do this is to engage in a trick known as reverse pickpocketing . in short , what you need to do is plant a higher quality suit of armor on the individual wearing the gear you want ( measured by defense rating ) . they will then equip this armor , leaving you free to pickpocket the gear they are wearing . the metal armor and helmet are a good choice for this , because of their high dr value , and relative low cost . other options include any other combat armor variant other than the security uniform , or of course , any power armor . an alternative is to make use of the mesmetron to stun/hypnotize a guard and demand they hand over their stuff . this may end violently however .
unfortunately , i do not believe steam for os x will let you even download a windows app you buy through steam . i suppose you could drag and drop the game files , and then restore the game from the copied files , but i am not sure whether that works between platforms . and because steam usually tries to launch all steam games itself ( at least on windows ) , i do not think it would be possible to force a game to run under wine unless steam itself consents . you may be able to run non-drmed games directly by double-clicking the executable , but i am unsure about this .
it is a bug . normally it is sent by a follower , spouse , or other npc you have befriended . according to the wiki , it should contain this : &lt ; character 's name> , in the name of &lt ; jarl 's name> , it is with great regret that we inform you of &lt ; npc 's name> death . the deceased has bequeathed unto you a measure of inheritance in the amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces . the jarl 's court has levied an amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces from the sum , as the lawfully and honorably due tax . the remainder has been commended unto the care of a trusted courier for deliverance . while all of the jarl 's court grieves with you on this day , we rejoice in the knowledge that the deceased was in possession of dear friends and wealth to communicate unto them . may this lawfully bestowed inheritance prove as a reminder of your enduring faith in one another , and of the jarl 's beneficence accorded unto you both .
well turns out i discovered the answer to this myself . fraps heavily writes to the hdd , and slows down the game if it can not write the videos fast enough . for me , this was because my hdd was becoming rapidly fragmented as fraps ran over long periods of time ( about 10% after 1 hour ) . this was causing fraps to not be able to keep up with the action . from my research , there are two fixes to this : record to a second hdd dedicated to fraps set fraps to record at a lower resolution or lower framerate . for instance , record at 30fps , but turn off framerate lock so the game is not reduced to 30fps ( probably the best solution ) . take a break every time fraps decides to slow down , and defrag your disk . i hope this helps someone out in the future !
as much as i wish it , no , there is not a way . they are the default computer characters , and i have never seen an npc be a character besides those three .
ben brocka is correct that bosses will respawn , so all that matters is quest rewards that are unique . i have found a list someone else compiled of all missions that give unique loot ( source ) . a real boy : human -- lying pistol animal rights -- sniper " i infrequently perish " arms dealing -- one reward is a blue relic . not unique . maybe useful . bandit slaughter round 5 -- ar " what plaything can you offer me today ? " bearer of bad news -- ar best mother 's day ever -- purple shield . roid . very long delay bffs -- order ( unique shield ) chosen one -- evil smasher assault rifle . clan war : end of the rainbow -- shotgun " good things kill in threes " clan war : wakey wakey -- unique pistol or shield . clan war : zafords v hodunks -- smg or shotgun . cordially invited/tea party -- corrosive teapot cult following : the enkindling -- shield of the firehawk demon hunter -- red text ironsight sniper . doctor 's orders -- blue relic ? hell hath no fury -- grenade " it takes two to get one in trouble " home movies -- 2 blue relics to choose from hungry like the skag -- ar " oh sorry . was that your head ? " hyperion contract 873 -- talking sniper hyperion slaughter 5 -- sniper lost treasure -- lists as green pistol . possibly red text ? medical mystery : xcom-municate -- possible e-tech gun ? note for self person -- launcher " toasty " out of body experience -- talking shotgun overlooked : only a test - purple shield . " what do you mean theoretically " positive self image -- vehicle booster relic . no red text . still maybe rare . pretty good train robbery -- grenade . " make it rain " rakkaholic 's anonymous -- sniper or pistol safe and sound -- shotgun or unique relic . showdown -- red text relic . +shotgun damage , reload and ffyl . uncertain if it - **scales . slap happy -- shotgun . " octo means 9" splinter group -- shotgun . " do not retreat , instead reload ! " the bane -- the bane the good , the bad and the mordecai -- relic with +xp from combat . uncle teddy -- pistol or shotgun will not get fooled again -- law ? you . will . die . ( seriously . ) -- inconclusive . possibly irrelevant .
my wife and i do tank/heal while leveling our alts , and i have a macro that says people are welcome to join us in there . i have only had one person do it , but it is still an option . beats typing it every time . if you do not tell them they are there , they will not know you are there ! :- )
according to this webpage you have to deal at least 75 damage in order to get assist counts as kill . and it counts for all assists , not only squad
i emailed fingersoft support and they replied with this : the boost gauge indicates the use of turbo on vehicle that have it . sami-jukka piippo ( fingersoft ) this means the boost gauge is different for each vehicle , simply displaying the level of turbo on that particular vehicle . for example the tank has a high boost ( or turbo ) according to the hill climb wiki , making the boost gauge max out at a high position . this is shown in this picture : there is no boost that you can activate , nor does it give you an advantage when full . the boost gauge is accurate when at full rpm . the top boost can be affected by upgrades .
yes for mario kart 8 and super mario 3d world . no for new super mario bros u : in nsmbu , you cannot use the gamepad to control a character when playing multiplayer - you have to use wiimotes or the pro controllers only to control characters ( the gamepad in multiplayer nsmbu works only in " boost mode " to give other players boosts ) . note that in single player nsmbu you can use the gamepad to control your character .
here 's a tried-and-true strategy that will help you rack up high combos full of criticals and not get hit . first of all , you need to find a large group of thugs to fight . you can not get high combos if there are not enough thugs and you knock them all out too soon . you will need to be able to deal 23 attacks at a minimum , 3 regular hits since criticals do not seem to count until you reach special combo status ( the next hit after the initial 3 can start counting criticals ) followed by the 20 criticals . the more there is , the easier this will be . try to find a crime in progress , at least these encounters , there generally are less guns you have to deal with . the secret to this challenge . . . dodging . that is right , build up your combo to reach special combo status , then dodge and hit , dodge and hit and repeat that pattern until you get the required amount of hits . dodging pretty much guarantees you will not get hit so you are safe from attacks . and when you attack after landing , the game counts it as a critical . if you build up enough charge on your shock gloves , criticals will increase your combo multiplier by 3 building up your multiplier even faster . just note that while this strategy helps build up your combo , it alone does not help much in the challenge maps , you can not build up a lot of points doing this . you need to mix in different gadgets for variety and takedowns to take advantage of that multiplier .
there is no way that i am aware of to reserve a specific bit of track for trains - unless you wish to use electrified railway for your through trains and non-electrified railway for your termini trains . the better way to achieve what you want is waypoints . the screenshot below is taken from one of my recent games . the outer two platforms are intended for through trains , and the middle two platforms for terminating trains . through and terminating trains arrive from both directions , hence the north and south waypoints . all trains have orders to go through one of the waypoints , otherwise trains without waypoint orders may go in to the wrong platform by mistake . if we simplify things for your scenario , with a single terminating bay and through platforms , we had probably build something like this ; as trains can only terminate from one direction , only one set of waypoints is needed unlike the previous example . the downside to this particular configuration is that terminating trains need to cross over the other line , blocking it . a centre terminating bay would avoid this problem . as alluted to by pvt . grinchmann in the comments though , waypoints do have a small cost associated with them . however , it is likely the only way to achieve exactly what you want .
bureaucratic arts ii allows the player to obtain more types of permits from the bureaucrats in bureaucratic halls . as of now , the only item this enables you to obtain is the general building permit , which is consumed in certain phases of street projects . ba ii is also required in the work stages of certain projects . tl ; dr : ba ii is only useful for street projects , and it is only rarely useful . it is hinted that in the future more types permits will be added . for example , in the forum post introducing party packs , the developers hinted that parties will in the future require party permits which presumably will require ba ii to obtain . there also exists the unimplemented skill bureaucratic arts iii , which hints that the developers may expand the skill tree in this direction in the future .
the only way to auto aim in a pc version is to use a joypad/controller setup instead of the keyboard/mouse setup . you can set the controller configuration to joypad and use the keyboard for it , but then you will not be able to use the mouse . there is a mod here : automatic weapon aiming , that claims that it will " eliminate the need to hold the right mouse button in order to aim weapons , this is almost the same as automatic aiming . " i do not know if it works or how well it works , as i have not tried it , but it might be of use to you .
after taking a quick peek at the code , this is just the intended behaviour of a cookie potion and has no direct bearing at all . but wait , there is more ! this code got me curious , because it is a base64-encoded string of various values - similar to the save format - and similar to the ( obviously-related ) cookie clicker save format . first step - cleaning up at the end ( %3D becomes = , and %21END%21 is discarded - it would just be turned into !END! , to mark the end ( duh ! ) of the code ) : 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 the above code is compatible with the current version of cookie clicker and results in the following game state : but wait , there is more ! if we decode it from base64 , we get this code : 1.0393||1378830632876 ; nan ; 1383239138575|001100|1929852769.060055 ; 706421271749.1023 ; 8297 ; 19 ; 13825599421.881443 ; 80 ; -1 ; -1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 67 ; 47969 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0|128,129,7684536217,0 ; 105,106,2376679320,0 ; 101,101,54173598,0 ; 101,101,239011981,1 ; 82,82,613410826,0 ; 58,58,1414881926,0 ; 50,50,2831132572,0 ; 50,50,40566625273,0 ; 27,27,66454955460,0 ; 16,16,227782320454,0 ; |4503599627370495 ; 4503100337422335 ; 2251834173401703 ; 3940649673959935 ; 2251799945805963 ; 137438953473|4503047791083519 ; 2392816740112091 ; 1025 importing this save in cookie clicker classic , results in an even fancier save state , as follows :
no , this always happens regardless . there is nothing you can do to avoid that outcome .
i slapped on my boots of the bay and nuked some bloodsail pirates . by using mana shield ( expires after 1 minute ) as a timer , i observed the following : looted immediately , despawned after 3rd cast ( 2 minutes ) looted after 1 minute , despawned after 4rd cast ( 3 minutes , which is 2 minutes after looting ) uninspected , despawned after 6th cast ( 5 minutes ) inspected , despawned after 5.2 minutes ( 5 minutes after inspection ) inspecting each minute , lasted 10 casts ( did not wait for despawn ) - mob did respawn at 8.4 minutes . killed the second mob , looted and the new corpse despawned after 2 minutes while original corpse still there . killed and looted a jaguero stalker ( skinnable ) . the corpse despawned 5 minutes after looting . so , it seems that 2 minutes is the despawn time for looted corpses ( unless salvagable , then it is 5 minutes ) . if there is loot it will despawn after 5 minutes . inspecting the loot resets the timer . it makes me wonder if that corpse remained there because the neighboring corpses were looted and despawned after 2 minutes . this corpse stuck around for 3 more minutes with its loot , or you inadvertently inspected without looting causing it to remain for an additional 5 minutes . i also scoured the patch notes , and the only one mentioning corpse despawning was for 2.4.2 looting a boss while a player is outside of the instance will no longer cause the corpse to despawn in 2 minutes if the player still has loot on the corpse .
after more experience with the game , these does indeed seem to be a pattern . blunt attacks are blockable by guts . punches , kicks , stomps , smacks , rams , headbutts , ground pounds , and so on can be blocked with guts . the main exception is when the enemy is in an " enraged " state ; there are one or two other minor exceptions . some blunt attacks require a guts of sufficient size to block . one attack that operates by this rule is when the boss of 002-c tries to squish you with its fist . if your guts is of size 1 or 2 ( composed of 10-19 or 20-49 morphers ) , the punch will be held at bay , but once the shield goes down it'll hit you anyway . on the other hand , the attack can be successfully blocked and halted by a guts of size 3 or higher ( 50 or more morhpers ) . nothing else is blockable by guts . holding out unite hand will make you immune to fire , unite sword makes you immune to lasers and electricity , and unify naginata will reflect projectile drills , but spikes , drills , blades , claws , and explosions can not be blocked by anything . they have to be avoided or dodged with spring instead . note however that swords small enough to be wielded by one person can be blocked .
enemy scripting tends to keep them from activating until the player has arrived in the area . gunfire within their " arena " will alert them , but generally they are already active by then . walking and crouching does not have any game effect on detection . most detection is not  it is scripted activation , not ai detection . enemies are insensitive to light levels . the flashlight does not alert them to your presence . usually they already act like they know you are there . hiding and line-of-sight is not a notable game mechanic . enemies either know you are there or they do not  once activated , they will know where you are at all times ( unless of course they are acting out a " where is the target " scripted scene , which happens but is limited to fixed moments in the game ) . enemies are alerted forever , and all enemies in an arena 's group will activate at the same time as soon as you arrive at the trigger location . they do not deactivate or engage in a search routine like in stealth-based games . enemy activation is mostly or entirely scripted . you generally can not avoid detection , although you sometimes have a second or two between when the script triggers and when the script makes the enemy start acting like it is aware of you . you can get off a few shots in that time , but there is no way to avoid activation once their script starts running . the different categories of enemies are scripted to act differently . combine soldiers and support creatures generally behave as if they are using networked/radio intelligence on your location . animals and xenofauna behave more like animals , using different triggers ( e . g . stepping on sand near antlions , water creatures ignoring you until you are in the water ) to activate .
sethbling rigged up a giant self-detonating creeper statue that would only detonate when people were within a chunk or two of it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phvwgtj1hsc sethbling 's videos are very short and sweet , so i will let him explain .
starting in march , 2012 , the original everquest will be going " free to play " and the subscription fee will be optional . however , at this point they are ending support for the macintosh version of the game . the free to play version has fewer features than the version with a monthly fee . you can read more about the differences in the free to play faq . up until this annoucement , it cost about $15 per month to play the original everquest .
assuming you did not let energy armor decay , it is likely due to the force armor hotfix - amount of damage absorbed from a single attack will now cap at 100% of a players maximum life . though this is poorly worded , this basically means that while force armor will trigger on any hit larger than 35% of your health pool , it will not absorb more than 100% of your life in damage - for example , with your 23,000 life , if you were to take a hit for 60,000 damage , force armor will attempt to reduce it to 35% of your total life - 8,050 damage . however , since it is not able to absorb more than 100% of your life , it can not reduce it below 37,000 total damage , thus killing you in one shot .
this website appears to have a calculator that allows you to determine the amount of experience needed from one level to another .
deus ex was released for mac in 2000 , but it was for powerpc macs , and as such is no longer supported on any recent version of mac os . wikipedia points out : the pc version will run on intel-based macs using crossover , boot camp or other software to enable a compatible version of microsoft windows to run on a mac . so you could use something along the lines of vmware fusion to run windows on your mac , should you choose . i have not used virtualbox to run windows on a mac , but that is another option . this would require you to own a license for a version of windows , plus a copy of vmware fusion , virtualbox , or apple 's own bootcamp . you could also try using darwine or some other variant of wine to run the game , which would not require vmware or a copy of windows . word is that this method works well , although it likely will require some tweaking and config file editing , so if that sort of thing makes you squeamish , you have been warned . since the game was released for mac os 9 , if you had a mac os copy of the game , you might be able to get it going with sheepshaver . again , not for the weak of heart , but possible . there was no xbox or xbox 360 version of deus ex , so having an xbox will not help . however , it was ported to the ps2 , if you could turn one of those up plus a copy of the ps2 port . finally , if you could find an old laptop or computer from the last 10 years that nobody minds you borrowing , you could just run it natively in windows , as warren spector intended . the original game is still available , it is on steam , for instance . there is really very little plot-wise that connects the two games ( a few minor things you might not catch if you have not already played de . most of it is past the end credits , and little to nothing carries over between hr and de2 ) . plus human revolution is a prequel , so you could play this game first , then play deus ex , which would be , in effect , playing them in chronological order .
no , it is still not legal even if the owner is dead . taking those items will still mark them as stolen in your inventory . however , since there are no witnesses left , you will probably be able to get away with it . on top of that , you are probably unlikely to be the target of some payback by the now dead owner . having said that , the only place you can sell those stolen goods is still through a fence ( which requires joining the thieves guild ) . and the items will still be taken away if you are ever arrested on some other charge .
player.dat is a gzipped file . if you unzip it , you can find the Pos field ( string " pos " and then 32 bytes of coordinates ) . so , you need to change those bytes . i used perl for this purpose : process_file . sh process_all . sh #!/bin/bash find . -name "*.dat" -exec ./process_file.sh \{\} \; echo "Done."  if you run process_all.sh in folder world/players , it changes the Pos field of all players to 06 00 00 00 03 c0 88 c4 00 00 00 00 00 40 51 67 ae 14 80 00 00 c0 b3 e4 80 00 00 00 00 02 00 0a ( hexadecimal ) . of course , you can change these values to move players to another point .
currently single-player commands is not available for minecraft 1.8 edit : spc for 1.8 is now out ! however , once it does become available , this is how you install it : download the . zip file extract it to some directory . go to the directory you just created . go to the run box ( winkey + r ) type in : %appdata%/.minecraft/bin look for a file called minecraft.jar rename that file to minecraft.jar.zip unzip it drag all files ending with .CLASS into the minecraft.jar folder ( all the files except worldedit . jar ) go back to the folder that has the minecraft.jar in it drag the WorldEdit.jar file into this directory . go back into the minecraft.jar folder delete the META-INF folder . you are done ! however , minecraft may not launch . if this happens , launch minecraft from the run box like this : java -Xms512m -Xmx1024m -cp "%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\*" -Djava.library.path="%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\\natives" net.minecraft.client.Minecraft  or , you could use the automated installer
pools of darkness for the c64 ? i am quite sure that secret of the silver blades was the last ad and d-game for the c64 . but if you are really talking about pools of darkness , here are some hints : take only human characters in your party . all other races have level limits for all classes but thief . in fact humans will often start with a higher level than the maximum level other races can achieve . take six fighting classes ( fighter , ranger , paladin ) in your party and level them until they got 2 attacks/round . that would be level 13 for fighters and paladins and level 15 for rangers . than change their classes : i recommend to change three of them to mage , one to cleric and one to thief . as soon as you get you characters up to level 14 ( or 16 , if they were rangers ) , they will get back their old abilities in addition to the abilities of the new class . so you have casters with lots of hp , that are able to use efficiently all kinds of weapons . instead of equipping you characters with heavy armour , give them rings of protection , cloaks , bracers , etc . . this way you will get the lowest ac . one of my characters got an ac of -21 wearing the following with dex 18: silver shield +5 , bracers ac2 , ring of prot . +3 , helm+4 , cloak of prot . +4 . when you have created new characters you can choose to modify their attributes with the fitting option in the main menue . you can keep your armour in the planes beyond limbo , if remove your characters from the party before going there and add one party-member as a dummy . after you arrived just replace the dummy with you original characters . i think you have to keep at least one character in you party before you add the dummy .
your beans have not depreciated in value ; that particular merchant is simply not interested in purchasing them from you . they will show as grayed out in the trade window . if you wait for other merchants to arrive who want beans , you can trade with them .
you have to complete the story mission where angels fear to tread . spoiler : after you talk to roland and start part 2 of this mission , a cutscene will play and lilith will teleport you to marcus ' store room in sanctuary .
just zerg movement . zerg ( ground ) units move about 30% faster on creep ( notable exceptions being : queen , hydralisk and drones ) . additionally zerg can build on creep and non-zerg structures cannot be built on creep . you can actually use an overlord to spread creep at a number of expansions to slow down your opponent 's expansion rate . zerg structures off creep will slowly lose life and eventually die . the following units/buildings can produce creep : hatchery creep tumor ( built from the queen and other creep tumors ) overlord ( overseers cannot , additionally this is temporary ) nydus worm ( the worm , not the network ) creep will evaporate if left without a production source near by . its important to note that creep evaporates from the edge inward . as a result , if you remove creep production in an area that is not covered by , but is surrounded by , creep production , the creep will not evaporate . since people asked the following units are affected by creep in different ways : queen : 170% hydralisk : 50% drone : 0%
i tested this actually . took a while to grind so the eternal heart card would spawn on basement 1 . everything adds up . just because you can only see up to 12 containers ( of any kind ) doesnt mean that is the limit . i had managed to get up to 14 heart containers . that is , 12 full heart containers , and could still refill up to 2 empty non-displayed containers . then i lost count after getting several balls of steel pills @_@ tl ; dr : there are no limits on how many heart containers you can have , whether they are normal , soul or eternal heart containers . only 12 first containers are shown tho .
the extra ability is controlled by the command demon spell . normally , if you do not have a demon summoned , command demon is disabled . when you have a demon summoned , command demon becomes activatable and is replaced with a specific ability that relates to that demon : felguard : felstorm felhunter : spell lock imp : cauterize master succubus : whiplash voidwalker : disarm when you activate grimoire of sacrifice , your demon goes away , but instead of command demon going back to being disabled , it gets replaced with a different ability , depending on which demon you sacrificed : felguard : pursuit felhunter : spell lock imp : singe magic succubus : seduction voidwalker : shadow bulwark
the game is saved right when you use the key so you can not save your keys that way . i found that out the hard way when i first opened the chest with my key ( when i did not want to yet ) , restarted ( without picking up the loot ) and found out i lost my key and had no loot .
a useful tool that i have run into out there is something called minecraft region fixer that may be able to help you solve your issue . minecraft region fixer is a command line-based tool that scans the files of a minecraft world save and checks the file structures to see if there are corrupted chunks , or if there are other issues with the world save as well . in my past experience using this tool , i did notice it was scanning the level . dat files for corruption , and it seemed to have the ability to repair the corrupted file . if you are not familiar with using a command line , it will be pretty easy if you read the author 's documentation on his post . he does a good job of being clear and thorough , and hopefully you will be able to use it to solve your problem !
i am almost sure it is , for the exact same reasons as you : the nature and the value of the card seems to be taken into account even before you effectively select and reveal it ( and hence can trigger achievements , for instance -- it happened to me as well ) . which , by the way , makes this system a bit pointless , not only because at the end of the day , you choice does not matter , but also because you will have to wait for everyone to chose his card before you can proceed to the next screen .
no , there is no true 3d support built into diablo 3 , as "3d stereo displays are not officially supported " . it very well may be patched in after the initial glitches are ironed out . some users are playing with stereoscopic 3d using nvidia 's glasses as described here and one person references ctrl + t as the toggle , but it seems that this is nvidia 's technology and not built into diablo 3 itself .
edit : updated for 1.0.4 you can cancel any auction , so long as no bids have been made on it yet . if you want to change the buyout price , you will need to cancel the auction ( assuming no current bids ) , and re-list it with the new starting/buyout prices ) . the ability to cancel auctions with no bids was added in patch 1.0.4 . prior to that , the following historical answer was valid : you have 5 minutes from the start of the auction to cancel it . once you are past that 5 minute mark , there is no way to end the auction early , short of someone purchasing the item via buyout . you cannot change the minimum bid or buyout price once the auction is started . your only options are to wait and see if someone buys it , or possibly give someone else ( that you trust ! ) the money for the buyout , have them buy it , give it back to you , and put it back on the ah at a new price . keep in mind that you will wind up losing money this way to the ah fees , however .
for the good of gaming . se , i actually counted the steps . there are nowhere near 7,000 steps in the game : i counted 732 visible step-like objects ( tiered , flat platforms ) on the way to high hrothgar . bridge to emblem i : 21 emblem i to ii : 151 emblem ii to iii : 173 emblem iii to iv : 124 emblem iv to v : 59 emblem v to vi : 54 emblem vi to vii : 24 emblem vii to viii : 19 emblem viii to ix : 51 emblem ix to x : 25 emblem x to door : 31 now , the path to high hrothgar is really worn down : there are several huge gaps between the flights of stairs that may have conceivably had steps at some distant point in the past . if so , there are 6,268 steps missing , or about 569 steps per segment . i do not doubt the world artists are amazing , but they definitely took some liberties in how the " steps " were designed . as an aside , while coming up with an optimal , real-time route between ivarstead and high hrothgar was too tedious , i did note that fast travelling between both locations took 3 hours , 16 minutes in-game . at this speed , it would be about 2,142 " steps " per hour , or one step every two seconds . given each step appears to be around a meter deep , the travel time is about 2.1 km/h . googling around , i found that trail trove estimated most hikers move at around 3.2-4.8 km/h , which would make the trek up to high hrothgar a particularly difficult hike . although all things considered , not much of an inconvenience than an afternoon hike in a state park .
simple : because dwarf fortress does not ( as of this writing ) implement lighting . the closest thing it has is the determination of whether a tile is " inside " or " outside " , which , for light , is approximately : for each x , y position on the map : create a ray from the highest z-level and go down . if something blocks the ray then everything below that ( x , y , z ) position is dark , everything above it is light . if something is lit and then covered back up it will still count as light . there is also no day/night cycle in fortress mode , it does have a calendar system with days , months and years . in adventure mode there is a day/night cycle .
they need to be ported . the official line is that the psp xperia is a " playstation phone " and not a " playstation portable " . seems like a bit of a letdown if you ask me . here is a quote : " [ xperia play owners ] will have to repurchase the games , so it is not totally integrated . i think the exciting thing is that there are games which people are very , very aware of . "
when to buy those items is very situational : assuming generic ad carrys like graves , sivir , miss fortune or ashe , the first time you go back to base you should buy 1-2 dorans blades and a few healing potions instead . those items help you stay in lane longer with their health , lifesteal and damage bonus , which allows you to farm more gold before going back the next time . they are what empowers you to actually get that b.f. sword . do not buy berzerker greaves first because they do not actually help at all . you will not be attacking constantly but in bursts instead , so the dorans blade that you should buy instead actually has a bigger effect on trades . if you can stay in lane long enough because the opponent does not harass or is completely outclassed , you can get the b.f. sword immediately , but that rarely happens in a normal game . you need the small edge that dorans blades give . if you come back to lane without a dorans blade and your opponent has two of them , he can completely bully you around and free farm on a frozen lane while you sit under tower , not getting any farm or experience . also , if you can not afford the biggest component , for example for the infinity edge , you can get a smaller component like the pickaxe first ( after dorans blades ) , which still builds into the same item and makes you stronger in lane than if you would wait for the big item . " selling items is bad " is mostly true , but : if the item you are buying now is helping you to stay in lane longer ( i.e. . dorans blade/dorans ring ) then it is worth it because by staying in lane longer , you gain more gold than you lose from selling it . if you come back to base lacking 200 gold for your next major item ( infinity edge , bloodthirster , phantom dancer ) , going back into the fight without it would make you weaker now and potentially put you further behind than selling one of the dorans blades and getting the big item now . it is all about short term benefits giving you an edge to have a bigger advantage later . all of this is true in the same way for ap carrys with dorans rings .
i put in an x25mg2 160gb to see that it would detect an ssd . no problem , it asks to format . so i look at the partition table of the x25 , and make similar on the corsair , 100mb ( like the reserved for win7 installs ) , and make another one for rest of drive . both are formatted as ntfs . i put it back in the ps3 and it asks to format , which is done in 2 seconds , now it is up and running at the xmb : )
you have many options here . many protoss players use proxy pylons placed in strategic locations on the map so you do not have to divert your attention too far away from the battle in order to warp in new units . you can even go so far as to bring a probe with you in battle to make pylons a short distance behind your army to help warp in units and also provide supply for the large army you are creating . hot keys can be used to great effect here if you practice a bit . double-tapping a hotkey will center the screen on that location , so if you have a pylon or other unit near a pylon where you want to warp hotkeyed , you can center location on it with a hotkey , hit w ( to select all your warpgates ) , shift+click a bunch , and then double-tap a hot key to go back to your army in a second or so with practice . remember also that it is generally a good idea not to queue units , so warp gates enforcing this is a good way to practice your macro for other protoss production buildings and if you ever plan on playing terran . you generally want to be spending your minerals on things you get now , rather than things you will get later . this is an important point which is mentioned often by day9 in his tutorial casts . most of all , just keep practicing .
the answer that robp gave is correct . sports interactive do not have the legal rights to have real players play for these teams , not only german . http://www.footballmanagerwiki.co.uk/index.php?title=fake_national_teams_and_players you can fix this by going into program files and deleting the fake . lnc and nleague . lnc files in your ' db ' folder . you can find those files in : if you are using steam : c:\program files\steam\steamapps\common\football manager x\data\db*whatever database you want to use*\lnc if not using steam : c:\program files\sports interactive\football manager x\data\db*whatever database you want to use*\lnc
you may now purchase days of hero time on the die2nite website . there is also another way to become a hero : manage to pull out of a town that has lasted for five complete days as the last man standing , and you will be rewarded not only with a special distinction but also with a certain amount of hero days depending on how long you survived . you can read up on last man standing and the rewards here .
i found some good information here : dragonvale kairos dragon " you cannot breed or buy kairos , you have to summon him ! first you have to buy the perch of kairos ( 750,000 coins ) . then you need to gather three artifacts : the chronolith , the time claw and the statue of kairos . the artifacts are built by collecting 21 time fragments . they can be won on the dragon races or bought for 2,700 gems total . "
the ati mobility radeon hd 4250 is part of the 4000-series which is 2 generations ahead of the 1000-series it recommends ( which is why the pixel/vertex shaders versions are fine ) , though the *2** ati graphics cards are among the " budget " models and generally underpowered . it is hard to compare notebook graphics to desktop as reviews are not generally going to compare them head-to-head , but some generic benchmarks might offer insight : x1950 pro default : 4640 sm 2.0: 1783 sm 3.0: 1931 hd 4250 ? : 1016-2110 ( depending on system , memory , cpu ) unfortunately i can not find the specifics of notebookcheck .net's ( their benchmark numbers above for the 4250 ) 3dmark06 test . if it is the " default " then it is clearly abysmal , otherwise it is somewhat competitive . a tom 's hardware guide table ranks the 4250 along with the ati 9700 , x800 , x1600 , etc . , 7 tiers below the x1950 pro and 6 below the nvidia 7800 gt . your experience will likely be " poor " on your current hardware , but what does that mean ? blizzard games in general scale extremely well to hardware , so cranking everything to low ( resolution included ) may afford you a " playable " game . i doubt the game developer wants it to simply be playable but something a bit more spectacular ( read : not ugly ) , so they may be a bit conservative in their requirements .
from what i remember , and this forum thread agrees with me is that the rogue became blood raven , a minor super unique quest mob from act 1 of diablo 2 the sorcerer became the summoner , horizon 's impersonator , a super unique quest mob from act 2 of diablo 2 this leaves the most likely outcome , the bulky warrior became the canon diablo in diablo 2 .
go to the diablo 3 game guide . each class has a " progression " tab , that will show you exactly what skills , runes , and passives you unlock at each level . there is no way in-game to see what you recently unlocked .
try the ' legions ' mod - a mod for stacked unit combat for civilization v . it is very old , though . this mod makes the following changes to civilization v : removes the 1upt ( one unit per tile ) limit . legions mod is completely modular and can be run concurrently with other mods . attack i promotion- +15% when attacking . attack ii promotion- +15% when attacking . attack iii promotion- +15% when attacking . city defense promotion- +25% when defending a city . defense i promotion- +15% when defending . defense ii promotion- +15% when defending . defense iii promotion- +15% when defending . shock promotions now give a standard +10% to combat instead of +20% on open terrain . unit maintenance is reduced by 25% . units in cities no longer get additional hit points , to adjust for the ability to stack defenders in cities . this mod does not add any new ui to help manage the ability to stack units . so unit is still need to be moved individually , and there is no easy way to look at the statistics of stacked units . the ui does not compensate for stacked units - so it probably is not ideal if you a lot of units ( 20+ ) . however , it is very good for moving smaller amounts together ( less than 10 ? ) .
you can earn a heart piece if you catch a fish as a kid , and the golden scale ( which allows deeper , longer diving ) as an adult . as per krazer , in the comments , there is a 50 rupee reward from catching the loach , and the owner will refuse to keep it in the fish tank ( where your record catch is usually displayed ) .
it is as simple as pressing the corresponding number ( plus alt , possibly only on mac ) . i have not tested if it works with the number pad , but i know it works with the number row .
i have tried the trial version of textexpander and it seems to work in starcraft ii in fullscreen . i do not have diablo iii beta access so i can not truly say if it'll work but since they are both blizzard games , the chances are high .
the solution is to turn off all cheats before doing story missions .
i believe the answer to your question is here . if you start reading the faq at episode 16 of the story mode , the author goes through the events of the last few fights of the game . a quick breakdown : episode 16 - ivy unlocks the true strength of soul calibur . patroklos vows to save pyrrha and protect the world by destroying soul edge , but he stabs and kills her instead amidst a battle where she is opening a gate to astral chaos . he freaks out , gets stuck in astral chaos , and wants to go back in time to change his actions , which seems to be facilitated by some old dude also in astral chaos . episode 17 - you flash back to ivy unlocking the strength of soul calibur , but this time , when it is handed to patroklos , he sees what happened at the end of episode 16 . the old dude in astral chaos tells him to " fill the sword with his will , and wield the sword , not be wielded by the sword . " patroklos does and leaves astral chaos . episode 18 - ( note that pyrrha left with tira at the end of episode 11 ) the short version : this happens prior to episode 16 and shows pyrrha killing z.w.e.i. before patroklos showed up . tira gives her soul edge and pyrrha opens astral chaos , the same purple gate you saw in episdoe 16 . episode 19 - this is patroklos ' return from astral chaos after seeing that he killed pyrrha the first time . he wants to change that and his stint in astral chaos allowed him to do it . think of this basically as time travel by patroklos to correct a mistake . this time in the fight , he does not kill pyrrha but instead gets soul edge away from her . this is why this fight happens twice . from astral chaos , patroklos is able to go back and not kill pyrrha like he did the first time . this might as well be a delorean or tardis instead of astral chaos , since the effect is the same . the remaining story is just as non-sensical , and involves patroklos realizing that sophitia is not actually sophitia but the spirit of soul calibur , which wants to control patroklos . edit : to actually answer the question , the storyline is linear for patroklos . the rest of the cast does not experience the first fight where pyrrha dies because patroklos goes back in time to change that event .
the xbox live service is now ( 11/13/13 ) available in slovakia . : )
the protection enchantment only applies to that piece of armor , so while they do not " stack " with one piece affecting other pieces , wearing a full set of protection iv protects you more than wearing just one piece .
while i can not shed any light on how to troubleshoot your file transfer issues , i can shed some light on how mass effect 2 saves work ( and this should be true across all platforms ) . every mass effect 2 save file has a " questcompletion " variable that can be one of three values . gibbed 's save editor has dubbed these , " quest incomplete " , " lived to fight again " , and " went out in a blaze of glory " . there is no " mission complete " save generated by me2 like there is in me1 . instead , every save file has this variable in one of the three states . presumably , only saves where shepherd " lived to fight again " will be viable to import , as bioware has previously stated dead commander shepherds will not be importable into me3 . ( and obviously , you can not import without beating the game ) .
in the beginning there was buildcraft , and industrialcraft 2 , and the players had pumps and generators and lo , it was good . then the nether tempted some . the vast lakes of lava were pumped and fed into the hungry maws of geothermal generators . for a time all was well , until more than one player decided to pump the nether for power . the flowing lava and the many flow recalculations per second caused the server to flail and gnash its teeth , and there was much wailing and cries of " why is the server so # and *$ing laggy ? this server sucks ! " the server ops wept for their children even as they banned pumping lava in the nether , knowing they had no choice , and there was much sadness . the modders , in their wisdom , thought long about this tragedy . the players love the geothermal generators , they said amongst themselves , but it causes much distress to the servers and the players cannot use their beloved pumps . what to do ? so thermal expansion added the magma crucible so that there would be a source of lava without needing pumps and the flow blocks the pumps begat . all was well for a time . but players still , in their newbness , pumped the nether and had to be explained the uses and virtues of the magma crucible . and players , in their leetness , discovered that the magma crucible could generate free energy in the right configurations , and there were those that lamented the loss of the beloved nether pumping stations and looked upon the vast burning lakes with longing , and some fell to temptation and were banned . the forums overflowed with cries for this injustice to be fixed and the nether to be returned to its natural place as a source of geothermal power . greg heard the cries of the fallen , and held them to his bosom and gave them succor . " here , give me your ic 2 pumps and your bc pumps ( but speak not to me of the redpower pumps , for they are an abomination unto me ) . give me your pumps , and take from me the advanced pump . take this , my gift , and pump the nether ! it will pump more slowly , but while its pace be tempered , it will drain the vast lakes of lava without creating flow blocks , and lo , it will be no laggier than a quarry for it will merely remove blocks and cause no recalculations ! rejoice , for i am thy salvation ! " and the players beheld the advanced pump , and the scales fell from the eyes of some and they saw it was good . those who knew of the old wailing and gnashing of teeth , and who followed the mystic movements of the mod developers saw what greg had done and saw the wisdom . they could pump the nether on shared servers , or run multiple pumps in their private games , and they would no longer see only a slideshow . there were players though who were but babes in arms when nether pumping was learned to be nefarious and evil , and they looked upon the gift of the advanced pump and in their arrogance spat upon the ground and bit their thumbs in contempt . thus was confusion and disarray born . greg bowed his head in sadness , but took comfort in the joy that he brought to the enlightened few . he knew this was the way of things , as he was already no stranger to the jibes of his detractors . he smiled his secret smile and turned his eyes from the confused and angry players , and basked in the love of those who understood him . and so it was , and so it shall be again , for time is but an ever-turning wheel . this is but a story , but in it there is the seeds of truth . remember it and tell it to your children and your children 's children , so that our people will remember and always walk in the light .
the decision is based upon how many roaches you have versus how many roaches they have and if you have to engage them in a battle right at that moment . in this type of mirror match you always want to try to catch them not watching or when you have an advantage . lets take a look at the two abilities . fungal growth : aoe damage , 30 ( 40 to armored ) over 4 seconds . casted by the player . holds the affected targets in place . spawn infested terran : eggs that take 5 seconds to hatch , have a 100 health . hatched infested terran has 50 health , lives for 30 seconds and does 8 base damage per attack . at a quick look the fungal does more damage straight up . but there are hidden bonuses that casting infested terran has . for starters their eggs soak up a lot of extra damage . at 100 health , that is 100 damage that your roaches are not taking . and they also spit out a little damage back , and in large number do significant damage , especially if they are upgraded . but mainly infested terrans are there for soaking up damage in the scenario of this question . if you have more roaches , you always want to use fungals over infested marines . you want to hold his army in place so that you can destroy it while keeping your army . if you have a lot of energy throw in infested terrans too so they can soak up damage as mentioned before . the less damage your roaches take , the better . you want to save energy for more fungals for the next engagement so you do not want to spend all your energy on spawning infested terrans in your fight ( unless it is the killing blow , or it is going to be really close battle ) . if you do not have enough energy to fungal and you see that they have more roaches and a few infestors , run . it is the exact opposite of the situation above and your army will be held in place and decimated . their fungals will hold you in place and your infested terrans will not do anything against their army . you want to reinforce your army and try to take them on when you can fungal as well . otherwise you are engaging at a dps disadvantage . long story short , you always want to save your energy for fungal growth because it does more damage . when roaches are clumped up , you can catch somewhere around 7 to 8 roaches . at 7 roaches , that is 280 damage for one cast costing 75 energy . even when they are spread out in the arc of roaches vs roaches you will catch at least 4 per cast , that is still 160 damage done by fungal . by comparison a single infested terran egg for 50 energy will be killed off by those 4 or 7 roaches before they even hatch . so if you do not have enough energy for a fungal , run away until you do because that much damage during a battle makes a really significant difference in the outcome . you may be choosing to lose a base at this point , but it is definitely worth losing 300 minerals than losing your whole army .
there are several things that can cause a deal to be canceled : the customer ( the one with the trash ) does not have a minimum amount of money in the bank . something like twice the cities total budget for a month . if you are out of money , your only option is loading from where you saved the city last , or taking out a loan . i have had this kill cities before . service provider ( the one burning the trash ) does not have enough capacity . note that when you are playing as the customer , the service provider 's info is locked in : the capacity for each month and the total trash collected do not change no matter how many months you play as the customer . this means there is no chance the service provider 's land fills are full , but rather that the customer is making too much trash each month for the service provider to take . the connection is broken . simple enough , the roads/powerlines/pipes have been demolished due to a mis-click or disaster or something . in any of these cases , the deal is canceled automatically . you will have to open both cities , check that everything is ok , then re-initiate the deal . also , i believe you sometimes have to run a month in either city for any correction you have made ( such as building more landfill ) to be recognized , and allow you to restart the deal .
the best way to do so is to install a mod . the invested magic mod makes most of those type spells sustained . while active , they remove a portion of your maximum mana cap instead . in the base game , there is no way to lengthen the duration of an invisibility spell but there are invisibility potions that last longer than 30 seconds .
the damage type is fire . i would , however , focus more on building so that they will not ever hit you or your crystal , seeing as they get pretty powerful . source for damage type : http://dungeondefenders.wikia.com/wiki/kobold
ok , i have used the symbolic link method to make a dropbox location for my saved games to sync between my two computers . here is the macosx method for the unix challenged ( like myself ) : on computer a create a folder on your dropbox folder . i called mine donotstarve . i did not call it do not starve because i am not sure if terminal commands can handle the space or ' in the name without resorting to special characters like % , etc . ( klei did the same with theirs . ) next , on your hard disk go to documents > klei > donotstarve ( these are folders nested inside your documents folder ) here you will see a folder called save . drag this folder to your dropbox\donotstarve folder . if this has not removed the original save folder from computer a , drag it to the trash now . next open the terminal app ( located in applications\utilities ) . type in the following : cd ~\documents\klei\donotstarve ln -s ~\dropbox\donotstarve\save next , on computer b , install do not starve , enter the key , and update it . go to computer b ' s documents\klei\donotstarve and drag the save folder to the trash . follow all the same terminal instructions you did on computer a . this worked perfectly for me . i assume you cannot keep both apps open at the same time , though . note : you will have to install any mods separately to each machine using this method . i am sure you could do the same thing to the mods within the contents of the app , but i have not tried it .
yes , there are more conversation options with the catalyst if you have completed the leviathan dlc . other than that , it is the same . i found this youtube video which shows the final conversation with the catalyst in more detail .
lightning only strikes straight down , but can transform a pig within 3-4 blocks of the lightning strike . therefore , to keep your pigs safe from lightning storms , their shed has to be built so that it keeps them at least 5 blocks away from the outside sky . building a 5 block wide overhang around the shed roof should do it . alternatively , make your barn so that the pigs are in an inner chamber , with less " volatile " livestock like chickens and cows in the chambers near the walls .
shields act as health - which means that they have the same damage resistances as the character they were used on . this means that , for instance , a 1000 hitpoint shield will only give 1000 points of absorbed damage on a champion with 0 armor and mr . usually , it is a fair bit more than this . the thing is , in league of legends , it is much easier to increase offense than defense . carries are focus targets to begin with , so even a 1000 point shield goes down fast under 3-4 different champions attacking it . most endgame carries can crit each other for over 600 , easily . ultimately , shields might go down fast , but you are effectively giving them temporary health , not a simple damage reduction .
i do not know if extracting the files is legal or not , it probably is ok as long as you do not distribute / sell them . follow these steps at your own risk : google and download fsbext . zip ( i used http://ultrashare.net/hosting/dl/65f2fd1f3d ) . we will use this to unpack the fsb file that holds all of the sounds extract fsbext . zip into a folder ( for example c:\fsbext ) navigate to the sounds directory of league of legends ( mine is c:\riot games\league of legends\rads\projects\lol_game_client_en_us\managedfiles\0.0.0.20\data\sounds\fmod , yours may differ ) copy vobank_en_us . fsb from that directory to your fsbext directory ( so that it is in the same folder as fsbext . exe ) in the fsbext folder , run the following command in a terminal / command prompt ( or create a . bat file in the fsbext folder , copy and paste the command into it and then run the . bat file ) fsbext . exe -a vobank_en_us . fsb you will probably want the files whose names start with " female1_onchampionpentakill "
as with almost every melee weapon , the answer is almost never . this is especially true with the heavy- you have the strongest short range weapon in the game as your primary weapon and you are far too slow to easily punch anyone . even if you are out of ammo , punching someone is still a bad idea . a non-critical melee attack usually* deals 65 damage and takes almost a second between attacks . this gives your target plenty of time to back away and shoot you . at this point there is nothing you can do to your target- they are faster than you . if you are looking for a weapon that does not need spinning up , use one of the heavy 's shotguns . the real use for your fists is you can swap them for either the gloves of running urgently , which cause you to run faster and take minicrits when wielded or the fists of steel , which reduce incoming ranged damage and increase incoming melee damage when wielded . *scout , spy and certain unlockable melee weapons change this .
diablo 3 cooldowns , by design , are generally longer than diablo 2 cooldowns . you have the possibility to reduce them slightly with various passive and runes . passive skills that reduces cooldown barbarian boon of bul-kathos : the cooldown on your earthquake , call of the ancients , and wrath of the berserker skills is reduced by 30 seconds demon hunter none monk beacon of ytar : reduces all cooldowns by 15% wizard evocation : reduces all cooldowns by 15% critical mass : critical hits have a chance to reduce the cooldown of your spells by 1 second witch doctor spirit vessel : reduces the cooldown of your horrify , spirit walk and soul harvest spells by 2 seconds ( continue . . . tribal rites : the cooldowns of your fetish army , bid bad voodoo , and hex abilities are reduced by 25% runes for active skills that reduces cooldown barbarian the mountain 's call ( earthquake ) : removes the fury cost and reduces the cooldown to 105 seconds ( from 120 ) demon hunter none ( there are runes that increase the duration of some abilities ) monk sustained attack ( seven-sided strike ) : reduce the cooldown of seve-sided strike by 7 seconds ( from 30 seconds ) witch doctor desperate grasp ( grasp of the dead ) : reduces the cooldown of grasp of the dead to 6 seconds ( from 8 ) unstable realm ( mass confusion ) : reduces the cooldown of mass confusion to 45 seconds ( from 60 ) devoted following ( fetish army ) : deacreases the cooldown of fetish army to 90 seconds ( from 120 ) wizard cold snap ( frost nova ) : reduces cooldown of frost nova to 9 seconds ( from 12 ) force affinity ( wave of force ) : reduce cooldown to 12 seconds ( from 15 ) perpetuity ( slow time ) : reduces the cooldown of slow time to 16 seconds ( from 20 ) items that reduces cooldown there are very few items , all specific to witch doctor , that can reduce the cooldown of some skills . zunimassa 's attunement : requires level 60 . reduce cooldown of summon zombie dogs by 1-7 seconds visage of giyua : requires level 60 . reduce cooldown of summon zombie dogs by 1-8 seconds homunculus : requires level 56 . reduce cooldown of wall of zombies by 1-2 seconds uhkapian serpent : requires level 60 . reduce cooldown of wall of zombies by 1-3 seconds manajuma 's ritual prize : requires level 60 . reduce cooldown of wall of zombies by 1-3 seconds zunimassa 's ferocity : requires level 60 . reduce cooldown of wall of zombies by 1-3 seconds finally , there are passives/runes that prolong the effect of certain abilities .
although this question has been answered , i will offer a strategy that i have used with much success once my bro gained more powerful weapons and armor . the key is to ensure that you have logged in through game center , and that you start a marathon session ( maybe 1 or 1.5 hours total ) on wave 49 or 50 of a revolution . by starting on a later wave , you are guaranteed to kill a ton of enemies , and ( if your character is powerful enough ) guaranteed to survive through to the next revolution . once you have completed a revolution , the beauty is that the next waves are really simple -- at least 10 - 15 of them are . make sure you do not get hit , because you want to accumulate the 10% xplodium bonus . this bonus is compounding on your current xplodium total , so you have just taken the xplodium earned ( a decent amount ) from waves 49 and 50 of the previous revolution , and gotten 10 - 15 consecutive 10% bonuses by breezing through the first waves of the next revolution . ideally , you will have started off with several health nukes so you can replenish your health as necessary . i purchased enough to go through waves 49 and 50 of one revolution , complete the entire next revolution , and then the next 30 waves or so of the following revolution . at that time , there was a 400% bonus enabled in the game , so i got even more at the end . then i stuck that into one of the high-multiplier refineries to get 2-4x the amount ! that is why it is important to play through game center . just to give you some numbers , when i used the 4x multiplier , i had 17k xplodium ( for a total of almost 70k ) . and that was unfortunate , because on my next marathon game i ended up with 80k xplodium , and only had the 2x refinery available . hope this helps . it has really helped me purchase some cool stuff .
after playing the game for a few weeks , i am under the strong impression that it is not possible .
for whatever reason , os x has a small amount of mouse latency . an application called smoothmouse is supposed to fix it , although i have not verified this . there was a popular blog post by the author of smoothmouse a few years ago which details the issue . john carmack weighed in in the comments : you can measure all this objectively . i took a few minutes , pulled out my handy high speed camera , and shot some quick video dragging a window around on my windows desktop and my old macbook . i used the same mouse , a razer deathadder , on both systems . someone with more time should do a more exhaustive set of tests with a tripod and a trivial app instead of window dragging to make the data cleaner , but the results are so dramatically different that it isnt a matter of splitting hairs . even being generous with exactly which frame the mouse started moving on , i never counted less than 10 frames ( at 240 hz = 42 milliseconds ) and sometimes as many as 17 from the time the mouse moved to the time the pixels on the screen started to change . im sure this is better on a more modern system . the pc result was surprising . i was running on a 120hz monitor , and i couldnt positively identify any frames of latency between the mouse starting to move and pixels on the screen changing . . . .
indeed you can ! but it will not happen until super late in the game . spoilers ahead : once the world gets ruined , you can take the sub down to where the tower used to be . you will have a strict time limit , but at the bottom of the tower , you can get the shard by fighting gogo . winning against him means you will get the shard . i would recommend equipping the sprint shoes ability , to ensure you have plenty of time to get everything in the tower .
i was playing around with this yesterday , actually , because i was having problems . i manually installed modloader by adding the files to minecraft . jar , then i ran mcpatcher ( i was using 1.2 though ) to use an hd texture . ( i also applied the glsl shaders which i had to do last ) . it should work if you do this !
patience is going to be your best shot . i have almost exclusively used the great scythe for all my fights against o and s so i have got quite a bit of experience there . it is tricky because you can not do locked attacks on smough otherwise your scythe will just hit his hammer and you can only do one attack at a time otherwise you run out of stamina for dodging . i recommend using solaire as he is great for pulling one if not both of them long enough for you to get some dps down . i prefer killing smough first because i feel that ornstein 's second fight phase is much easier than his first . he does gain some of smough 's aoe but he still has much narrower hitboxes and you can easily fight right underneath his spear . the only time you need to get out is when he does his electric belly flop , then use the scythe is 2h r2 attack as a gapcloser to get back in fighting range . in regards to your comment about quelaag 's furysword , i would recommend against using it for o and s for the sole reason that its hitboxes are really funky . i have tried using it and smough wound up passively blocking most of my swings with his hammer . couple this with its low-ish base damage and lower scaling than the scythe and you are in for a long fight . i would stick with your uchigatana and great scythe for this fight depending on which you are more comfortable with . the nice thing about those two is that you can also enchant them for extra damage ( darkmoon blade/sunlight blade if you have faith , crystal magic weapon if you have int , and charcoal pine resin/gold pine resin if you do not have either of the previous options ) . i have always gone for glass cannon builds , using crystal magic weapon and power within to significantly boost my dps in fights but it all boils down to how patiently can you fight . pay attention , learn their attack queues , and do not burn up all your stamina .
to obtain another master ball after having already used the first one , you must have some luck on your side . the goldenrod radio tower has a lottery corner , where if all 5 numbers of the id of any of your pokemon match ( including those in the pc ) , you will receive a master ball . you can do this multiple times , but takes a lot of luck and patience . you can also have a friend trade over a pokemon with it holding a master ball . if you have an action replay , you could use a code to get another master ball .
spiral knights will not go out of its way to notify you when someone accepts your offer to buy or sell crystal energy . when a buyer is found , if you are online you will receive a console message , the relevant currency will flash once or twice , and then will update accordingly . there is no in-game mail or to alert you that the transaction completed if you are offline when that happens - it sounds like it might be possible that the sale went through , and you were simply unaware that it completed successfully .
you can not carry heavy weapons around in this game . if you switch from them , you drop them . when you pick up a heavy weapon , it temporarily replaces your current weapon from the weapon select wheel - the reason you could not find your assault rifle was because you technically still had it as your active weapon . so you then switched to your pistol , which dropped the heavy weapon ( on the ground nearby , able to be picked up again ) . after this , your assault rifle should have been selectable again . did you only try to switch to the assault rifle while you were carrying the reaper blackstar ( the heavy weapon you found ) ?
the weapons in mass effect 3 are designed to be relatively equivalent . sure , the starting weapons are not the flashiest or the ones with the coolest specials , but they get the job done . perhaps more importantly , they are some of the lightest weapons available . so as to whether the early weapons are " worth " it , it depends a lot on whether you are making much use of the weight power recharge bonus ( or not using it at all ) . they are often the best weapons if you are just looking to cover a particular category as a backup weapon in case of ammo problems .
to get the achievement , you just have to make sure you have the postcard in your possession at the end of the game . you can set the postcard down at any time , as long as you pick it back up before you leave an area . ( otherwise some puzzles would be impossible because you need all three characters to hold a different item at the same time . ) however , for the trick you suggest ( leaving it in the lobby at the beginning of the game ) : my guess would be that it would not be there when you return to the gift shop at the end of the game . i am going to do my second play-through soon , so i will try it and let you know . it is not really a hard achievement if you still plan to play through the game again with other characters . it would just be a pain in the neck if you have already played through the game with all the characters because you would have to do another play-through just to get it the trophy . update : i tried your suggestion on my second play-through . i left the postcard on the floor of the lobby at the beginning of the game . at the end of the game it was not there still . i think you have to lug it with you .
the nethack wiki page on corpses suggests that they can be : eaten by you or your pet - with varying effects depending on the corpse type and age preserved in tins for later consumption sacrificed to your god , on an altar revived with an appropriate wand or spell ( some even revive themselves )
there is an up-to-date explanation on how to fix it on the steam forums . if , for some reason , it becomes inaccessible , see my explanation below on how to fix it . still does not work ? here 's how to fix it . most credits go to some fellow nicknamed darkje - thanks darkje ! i prepared a single zip to speed up the process . short method download the following zip : maxpaynesoundfix . zip . extract it into the max payne installation folder ( with steam it should be &lt;base Steam folder&gt;\steamapps\common\max payne ) . double-click the MaxBatch.bat file , wait until it is done . some warnings may appear - ignore them . play the game ! if you can not download the zip for some reason , you can take the long method instead . long method step 1: get sox you need a distribution of sox , a utility that can convert sound files from one format to another . here 's a direct link to the download page - just download the file ending with win32.zip . for future reference , the version that worked for me was 14.3.1 . extract the downloaded zip somewhere , then copy the following files into the max payne folder ( as specified above in the short method ) : sox.exe libgomp-1.dll pthreadgc2.dll  step 2: get rasmaker rasmaker is a 3d-realms tool used for extracting the .ras files that contain all the game resources , including the sounds . you can download it as a part of the " max-fx tools " package , which i was able to find on the levels4you site . unfortunately , the site requires registration to download files - plus , you need to actually install that downloaded application . once you install it , copy the following two files from the folder &lt;fx-tools installation directory&gt;\RasMaker\ to the max payne folder : RASMaker.exe rl.dll  after you copy these files you can remove the installed fx tools application . step 3: create the batch file the following text is the code for a windows batch file . this was written by darkje and edited by me ( my edit is minor , though , it was just needed to update darkje 's original version to work with the current sox version ) . to create the file , first create a new , blank text file , then copy the following text inside it , and finally rename it to MaxBatch.bat and put it in the max payne installation folder . step 4: run the batch file and run the game right now your max payne folder should contain 6 new files - 3 from sox , 2 from rasmaker , and the MaxBatch.bat file . these are the same files you would have got from the undownloadable zip - so now just go to step 3 of the short method . notes running the batch file might take a few minutes , be patient . if anything went wrong , you can just run the MaxBatch.bat file again - it will restore the files to the original form . this will probably not work with a modded game : ( during the batch run , sox reported a lot of " dither " warning for me , in the format : sox WARN dither: dither clipped &lt;num&gt; samples; decrease volume? . it did not seem to cause any problem , though .
is it possible to accidentally kill a wild pet while trying to tame them ? yes . if your pet is significantly stronger than the wild pet , they could deal enough damage ( either normally or via a critical hit ) to take the wild pet directly from above 35% to dead in one hit . if this happens , you are stuck looking for a new wild pet . can you use all three pets on your team to defeat a wild pet or is it just one on one ? all of them . i let my first battle pet die ( by repeatedly casting a non-damaging skill ) , and my second battle pet came in to continue the fight against the wild pet . once captured , do they level up to an appropriate level for your pet battling , or do you need to level each up individually ? they do not level up to an appropriate level . however , they do retain the level at which you trapped them . if they were level 2 when you fought them , they will remain level 2 . they will not regress to level 1 but they may drop a level or two if they are over level 15 . catching any pet level 15 or under retains its current level . catching a level 16-20 pet will lose 1 level . catching a level 21-25 pet will lose 2 levels . we have dramatically reduced the xp required to level for pets after level 10 . source
since the 1.5 patch , " starcraft ii . exe " no longer launches replays if passed as an argument . instead there is a file " support/sc2switcher . exe " in the starcraft ii folder . if you pass a replay to that , it will be started ( assumed sc2 is not running when you do it ) . so if you associate sc2replay files with this exe , it will work . some more info on this : http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=357501currentpage=12#235
place the water sources above some signs . although they do not have a collision box ( can not block mobs ) , signs block water from flowing in that direction . this is working because in minecraft pretty much anything is a block . this includes water and signs ( although you can look through them ) . water will not flow through any block as that would require to interfere with it . therefore this also works with ladders , fences , steps , etc . the signs also keep the mobs from drowning .
nothing special is required , just starting the game with the dlc disabled is enough to avoid having western europe crushed by the american hordes .
despite the fact that you may have been pecking away at wandering pokemon for many , many turns , whenever you meet them , it starts a new battle , from turn 1 . this means that the quick ball has twice the capture rate ( x4 ) than that of the ultra ball ( x2 ) .
in general , " hitscan " weapons have no bullet travel time -- when you click the mouse or press the button , whatever 's in your crosshair gets hit . wikipedia has more info on the history of the term " hitscan": hitscan hitscan is a term is used mainly in computer games . it is a test to find out what can be hit by an in-game weapon ( be it a melee weapon , or the projectile emitted by a firearm ) . hitscan weapon is often used colloquially to refer to a projectile weapon which uses unmodified hitscan information to dictate whether or not it has hit its target  deploying the weapon calls the hitscan function , and if an object is detected in the path of the projectile , a hit is registered . the effect is that these projectiles travel at infinite speed ( a luxury of computers ' non-analog simulation of time ) and have a linear trajectory  a practical but very crude simulation of a bullet 's speed and accuracy . programmers need not use hitscan data in precisely this way when programming weapons . although hitscan weapons behave as described above , they can be given a more ' natural ' appearance ; for example , the assault rifle in half-life 2 calls a hitscan function in the middle of a ' blazing gun ' animation , creating a small amount of lag between weapon deployment and the hitting of the target to better approximate real-life ballistics .
getting cs is about much more than just last hitting . in fact , solo laning itself revolves almost strictly around last hitting in high level play . you need to know how to balance all of the following : last hitting : the skill of knowing how much damage you do to a minion to ensure that you obtain the gold from killing it . keeping the lane where you want it : this is a huge factor , some champions like malzahar and morganna can push harder than champions like ryze because of their aoe abilities so should the ryze player wish to keep the lane in the middle he must attack the wave more than just when the last hit is available . some champions however excel at killing minions under their own tower and may want to keep the lane there for safety while others have many escapes and can push to the enemy tower all they want and still escape back to their own should the enemy jungler gank . part of mastering your favorite champions is learning how to balance risk vs reward with your available tool set . harassing : you also might not want to only keep an eye on the health bars of the enemy minions , you should also keep an eye on your own . this is especially important in top lane where the enemy usually last hits in melee range . therefore you know where the enemy will need to be in order to get that gold . if you move or attack in such a way that they cannot reach that low hp minion without taking significant damage they will miss the gold or better . the #1 rule of hunting is : attack your prey when it attacks it is own . counters : most champions have a wide array of other champions that they do particularly well against . counters usually are formed when a champion excels in one of the above areas that their opponent lacks .
removing paint from a hat will not " reimburse " you with a paint can .
there is a train station a little distances in the direction of travel . you can see it by standing by the bottom of ladders . you can walk there . i suppose that is where the story continues .
you need to be wearing the filthy hippy disguise , which is a set with the filthy knitted dread sack and the filthy corduroys . both of these items are dropped by hippies in the hippy camp . another option is the war hippy fatigues ( reinforced beaded headband , bullet-proof corduroys , and round purple sunglasses ) , but you will typically have the equipment for the filthy hippy disguise by the time you have the capability of getting the war hippy fatigues . note that if you clear the infestation at the hippy store ( a side-quest during the island war main quest ) , you will be able to access the hippy store without having to wear a specific set ( and you will gain ~4000 meat every day by visiting ) .
improving your armor should probably be a priority , improved armor will prevent grenades from killing half your soldiers in one turn , but you will still get severe injuries , and blaster bombs will still usually kill those on the center nine tiles of the blast . best options there are two ways that you can prevent losing anyone to a grenade : kill ( or mind control ) all of the aliens close enough to throw one ( or better yet , all aliens that can see you , to prevent blaster bombs as well ) , or use flying armor to keep your soldiers off the ground , so they can not be hit by grenades . mind control is probably your best option late game : if you can scout one alien , mind controlling it will often reveal several more , allowing you to quickly get the vision you need to eliminate or take control of all nearby enemies , denying them vision of your units ( especially important when going up against psionic aliens or blaster bombs ) . flying , once you have it , is a good choice for your back-row snipers that tend to get clustered tightly on the first few turns , but i find flying scouts tend to be more easily spotted by aliens and often fall to plasma fire , so use it in moderation . early game options the alternatives early on are not quite as flexible : you can minimize the probability of being surprised if you get vision in all directions on turn one , you can attempt to spread your soldiers out more so fewer can be caught in a blast , or you can bring out fewer soldiers at once if your first scouts do not see nearby aliens that need killing , to minimize damage if your scouting failed . you should be able to prevent this from becoming something that happens every time , but you can not prevent it entirely . improved armor will prevent it from killing those not at the center of the blast , but you will still get severe injuries . coping with darkness if it is a night mission , then getting proper vision to eliminate the aliens nearby is more difficult , since the aliens ' vision is not reduced by low light , but yours is , making losses to grenades much more likely . starting your soldiers near the door with a flare in their hand and having them toss it around 18 tiles away can give you full vision on the first turn , however ( both soldiers and flares provide a nine-tile radius of light high enough to see aliens , not counting the center tile , so 19 tiles is as far as you should consider throwing it , but probably a few less to prevent blind spots is better ) . if the terrain is flammable ( e . g . jungle ) , i am also a fan of giving a solider with good strength but abysmal aim an auto-cannon , and having them fire an auto shot of incendiary ammo , starting several fires spread widely across the battlefield ( the worse the soldier 's aim , the more widely the fires will be spread , so this is not as effective with a good soldier ) . long distance snap shots are also a good option for lighting up the battlefield before scouting further .
from some experimenting i did myself a atb bar with 3 slots takes about 4.3 ~ 4.4 seconds to charge . increasing the amount of gauges incread the times a little but not by a significant amount +- 0.2 seconds . here 's a table of my findings to answer your questions : yes upgrading the number of atb slots does increase charge time . but at 6 charges you pretty much have an efficiency of around 180% compared to the charge speed at 3 slots
the box / card version of art academy contains the following lessons : lesson 1: tutorial ( draw a circle with the pencil . ) lesson 2: tutorial ( blue lines with the paint brushes . ) lesson 3: tree ( pen and pencil combined ) lesson 4: pear ( in-depth pencil and lighting techniques ) [ minilesson : pepper ] lesson 5: lime ( moving from large areas to details with the brushes ) [ minilesson : apple and peach ] lesson 6: wave ( wet brushes ) [ minilessons : dolphin , seascape ] lesson 7: yellow lilly ( color theory , expressionist techniques ) [ minilesson : pink lilly ] lesson 8: puppy ( handling eyes and dark areas ) [ minilesson : cat ] lesson 9: swan ( advanced color , impressionist techniques ) [ minilessons : rooster , goose ] lesson 10: landscape ( use all previous skills , aerial perspective ) [ minilessons : mountain , riverbank ] if the box version of art academy contains both semester 1 and 2 , then semester 2 must include whatever 's in the list above , but not in semester 1 .
no you cannot . the game is only available from the play store , for android , or itunes for ios , and you must purchase it from there . it is a separate product , so it is exempt from the alpha/beta all/until release future editions free promise .
the shotgun receiver is unlocked at level 20 .
according to this , after a recent pc patch you can now hold four weapons at once . it is currently unknown when/if this patch will come to xbox 360 and ps3
car construction and part installation are based off of the tech stat . the higher it is , the better you will do . mechanics will gain tech ( and other ) stats slowly , at random intervals . i think to make a decent mach car is somewhere around 400 tech . the simplest way to do this is to heavily weight one of your teams towards the tech stat . train the driver almost exclusively for tech . fire those mechanics that have the lowest tech stat , and hire ones that are higher . in a pinch , if you can not hire any decent tech mechanics , an aura ( in order of lowest to highest strength : blue , purple , white , gold ) will also help you during construction . those are one-shot deals , though , so be careful .
it seems that the pmb . exe executable that is in charge of retrieving the installation file from riot 's server is unable to start on your machine . you may try to : get the original pbm software from pando networks website if available , check if there is a win 64 version eventually . you may want to uninstall any pando network software related to the pmb before doing so . download the league of legends client again and try it again . change the compatibility mode of the pmb . exe to 32-bit executable .
there is not , which is a pretty annoying issue and will hopefully be added soon
in order to acquire the xenon hub mini-plot , you must meet the following requirements : started with the albion plot enabled completed the albion plot have a boron rank of queen 's guard ( or higher ) found atreus ' headquarters if you have met those requirements , you should receive the following message : this is an automated message offering you , an esteemed friend of the boron , the opportunity to work for atreus shipbuilding currents in queen 's harbour . please visit us to see what we can offer each other . at which point you will need to travel to atreus ' headquarters in queen 's harbor to contact gili tosi . source
the choice between saving or sacrificing has 4 distinct effects . character : save : will boost your life level , which increases your def and the amount of hp you can heal . it does not increase your hp , only how much you can heal . sacrifice : will boost your magic level , which increases your atk . depending on the difference between your life and magic level , your arm will either be divine ( life level higher than magic level ) , neutral ( life and magic level approximately the same ) , or dark ( magic level higher than life level ) . this may or may not improve the effects of your sigils . inventory : save : gives you a life essence ( le ) sacrifice : gives you a soul essence ( se ) ; not to be confused with soul shards . combat : the effect depends on whether you are saving or sacrificing an enemy or ally . save an enemy : recovers some of your hp . sacrifice an enemy : replenishes your offerings . save an ally : drains half of your remaining hp to revive the fallen ally . sacrifice an ally : casts a powerful spell and kills the ally . you will need to use lacrimae ( librom 's " not " tears ) to undo their death . avalon pacts : some quests need to be unlocked by completing a previous one . the choice between saving or sacrificing can determine which quests you unlock . you can always redo the quest and make the other choice to unlock the remaining quests ; in other words , no quest is missable .
sadly , no , there is no direct way using the disguise kit to choose who you disguise as ; only the team and class . you should , however , be able to re-disguise yourself a few times until the name that pops up is the specific person you want . the other option for disguising as a specific person is the your eternal reward , which always disguises you as the person you backstab , at a cost of losing the normal disguise kit .
it sounds like you are having a negative interaction between tactical cloak , your charging weapon , and possibly also your latency . since you have mentioned it does not have any issue with " regular " shotguns , i think that the bottom line is that cloak has not been failing for you , though it probably has been behaving in a way contrary to what you were hoping .
by " default " , you get +20 aim if you are at least one elevation above your opponent , though how the game determines what elevation you are at seems somewhat random . damn good ground stacks with this , effectively increasing the accuracy bonus by 50% .
the maximum wanted level is level 4 , which prima quantifies as having picked up 210 penalty points or more from attacking and sinking ships . once you reach wanted level 4 , the hunter patrol waves will consist of a frigate and man o ' war , levels 38 and 60 respectively . even these are still fairly easy to take on with a fully upgraded jackdaw , but they can make fairly decent additions to kenway 's fleet if you play that side game .
brood war burrow what it does do  make the unit invisible to opponents , unless they reveal the area with detection .  allow lurkers to attack . lurkers can only attack when burrowed ; but like other zerg units , lurkers need to unburrow to move . it is nice to mention stop lurkers , because the technique is a direct result of lurkers not being able to move while burrowed .  provide reduced vision . burrowed units will have their vision reduced ( it be interesting to measure how much ) , but they are invisible , so they are essentially poor-man 's observers .  obstruct buildings . although opponents cannot see the burrowed unit without detection , they will be unable to build or land buildings on top of the unit . / stack units [ patched in 1.15 ] ( thanks to decency for reminding me ! ) . used to be able to quickly burrow , unburrow , move together and the units would become stacked . good thing you can not anymore because it was way more powerful than stacked mutas . what it does not do  allow units to move . zerg units able to burrow must unburrow to move .  avoid splash damage . burrowed units can be killed by splash damage alone , usually by seige tanks , reavers or archons .  avoid damage from or effects of spells . psi-storm 's gonna getcha . so will other spells including plague ( pending testing ) , ensnare , maelstrom ( just for lulz xd ) , disruption web and emp ( although emp will not do anything ) .  avoid spider mines . yeah , spider mines are not detectors ( they do not reveal cloaked or burrowed units ) , but for some reason they still attack cloaked and burrowed units .  regenerate health faster . this is a misconception since health regen is variable in sc2 , and especially since roaches regenerate faster while burrowed . units and buildings ( with the exception of eggs ) all regenerate health at 0.372 hp/s or 1 hp per 2.685 sec , regardless of whether they are off creep , on creep or burrowed .
those large robots are exceptional mini-bosses , and only appear in set-piece fights . therefore , they are not subject to the instant death rule from typhoon blasts . however , the typhoon should still do very high damage to them . iirc , two blasts should be a kill .
yes , if you are running minecraft 1.3 and above , simply press the t or / key to open the console , type /time set &lt;TIME-OF-DAY&gt; , and press enter . however , &lt;TIME-OF-DAY&gt; is in ticks . this means the start of the day is 0 , nightfall is 12000 , and the end of the day is 24000 . does this not work for you ? here is a possible fix ( windows only ) : download nbtedit make sure minecraft is closed . not just on the main menu . closed . now you need to get the path to your minecraft level file , and chances are its location ( appdata ) is hidden . do this : press the windows key + r and the run window should come up . type in %appdata% . the windows explorer will open , and the folder .minecraft should be near the top . open it , and then open saves . copy the path in the address bar . open up nbtedit . in the menu bar , click File , then click Open . in the address bar , paste the path you copied . now , browser to your level 's folder . inside of it , you should find level.dat . open it into nbtedit . if your world has been run on a 1.3 client , it should say Data: 21 entries . expand that node , and at the very top , chances are it says allowCommands: 0 . if it is missing , you must play that world on a 1.3 client . if it says allowCommands: 1 , then commands should already work . click on allowCommands . then click on the pencil in the tool strip . for a value , enter in 1 . now , click File and Save . that is it ! the solution above should now work in your world . if you know how to make the above solution work in other operating systems , feel free to edit it .
like you , i typically can not move fast enough for shock jockey alone to do the trick . the best strategy i have found involves using possession on an armored machine gunner who is behind the patriot , or opening up a tear to bring in a turret there . when the patriot turns around to handle my ally , his gears are exposed to me , and then i can shock him and blast away . alternatively , if the patriot keeps focusing on me , at least my ally is shooting it in its gears , so it is not a total loss . of course this strategy will technically work with any ally type , but i have found that others &#8212 ; e.g. mosquitoes and melee-only fighters &#8212 ; either do not distract patriots very well or quickly get torn up by patriot guns if they do . also , this obviously requires you to be able to get in position to possess someone or open the tear in the first place ; i have never found a good strategy for hitting the gears of a lone patriot . edit for dlc : in clash in the clouds , shock jockey alone does work long enough for you to get around patriots and shoot them in the gears . this is awesome for making money and running up the score , because gear shots give lots of bonus points/cash per shot . shock a patriot , get behind it and go to town with a low-damage , high-frequency gun like the pistol or machine gun . ( you may need to apply extra shocks while you reload your gun . ) for extra effect , use the tunnel vision gear and do not zoom in !
i am the author of skipwe . i created a zip file which should allow you to run skipwe without internet access . simply download the file from the link below , extract it to your desktop ( or elsewhere ) , then double-click the " skipwe . exe " file . hopefully that will work at your mother 's holiday home : ) file : http://www.megaupload.com/?d=78rhs2uq enjoy ! -pf
these levels are under eggsteroids . from the screen containing all the planets , if you scroll over to the 4th planet , you will see the eggsteroids levels . clicking on the planet will show you any unlocked levels and allow you to replay that level . these appear to be comparable to the golden egg levels of the earlier games .
open the console in the game and type cl_dynamiccrosshair 1  that should do the trick . alternativly , you can add it to your autoexec . cfg . more about crosshairs in 1.6 can be found here : http://www.nextlevelgamer.com/counter-strike/counter-strike-crosshair-setup
my opinion on this is that ashe would make a bad support . by support i talk about one going full support , i.e. relying on passive gold , masteries , gp/10 items as a way to grab gold , and a champion that is here for the sole purpose of enabling an adc to grow in power . why is this ? because her kit is made to deal damage over utility . of course , she has a nice slow , but she lacks a real crowd control ability to mitigate the other adc damage . if you take other supports , lulu thresh and janna have a shield , sona has the z ( w , on us keyboards ) power chord that decreases the target 's damage , soraka sona taric and nami have heals , taric lulu thresh and leona have stuns that stop the adc from attacking . in what way can ashe compete in this area ? ok , her ult can stun , i will grant you this . but this comes with a huge cooldown . basically , if the other team attacks , you can only not lose by doing more damage and killing them . second point , the squishiness of supports are usually well addressed by their kit in late game . shields , heals or armour boost grow with the champion level . ashe does not have any of this . so , unless you buy armour and health , you will still be squishy . third , all support champions have some small way to boost their adc on other characteristics like : attack speed , movement speed , ad , ap . ashe has none of these . however , this does not mean that ashe would be a bad pick for the second bot-laner . but then you can not really say you are playing her as a support . if your objective is to completely overwhelm the other team and force them to hug their tower , this may be a good pick . edit : on the slow component i did not talk about first of all , we need to read this on wikia and ashe is page as well . ashe is frost shot slow cannot be buffed by either frozen mallet nor rylai 's scepter as her frost shot does not proc on hit effects . only her aoe slow can be stacked with rylai 's ( as frozen mallet is for aa only ) . so it is really not a good idea to build frozen mallet on ashe in any cases . rylai 's crystal scepter . . . hum 2900 gold for 80ap and 500 health ? what will ashe do with 80 ap anyway ? a randuin 's omen would be far more interesting for her . and final thought : does ashe really need a boost to her slow ? really ?
since the collectible-ness of pokemon is a big part of the game , the creators tried to make it intentionally difficult to delete your data . in order to do it , go to the main screen of the game ( where it shows the legendary and tells you to press start ) and press up , select , and b at the same time . this will bring up some menu options that will be able to delete your game . make sure to take your time navigating these menus if you are serious about deleting , because all the defaults will abort the delete .
there is a little red circle that appears when you use an active power that has a cooldown . it starts out as two halves , and as the power recharges , the circle starts to close around your crosshairs . when the circle halves meet in the center of the screen , it flashes white and disappears . at this point , the power 's ready to use again .
you should certainly go see the commandante first , that is part of the main quest and not that difficult . afterwards you need to go outside in any case . the by far most important thing you should do before venturing into the forest is to get a new silver sword . do not try to kill monsters with an iron sword , you will be at a huge disadvantage . but you should be able to handle the monsters from the beginning of the chapter , once you got your silver sword . remember that you can use bombs , traps , potions and blade oils . i have written about general combat tactics for our gaming . se blog , maybe that can help you a bit .
katarina 's ultimate , death lotus is a channeled ability ( as you may notice in the cast bar that appears and counts down ) . like any other channeled ability , taking any other action , such as using an item like zhonya 's hourglass , will interrupt the channel . other champions , for instance , fiddlesticks , kennen , or morganna , do not need to channel to maintain their ultimate , meaning zhonya 's can be used to safely shield them for its duration .
so i did a bunch of testing on this tonight . this is what i have found : the nutshot and the testicle assault do not have to be done on the same enemy . the achievement simply pops after you have done each activity the first time . i killed a gang member via testicular assault without doing a nutshot on him and acquired the achievement . you need to actually kill the enemy via testicular assault in order to get the achievement . you will know when you have done this because you will see a popup for respect with the name testicular manslaughter . hitting an enemy twice with a testicular assault will get this done . it does have to be done on a male character . i tried doing testicular assaults on female gang members , and while i was able to kill them and they did the animation , i did not get credit for a testicular manslaughter .
i do not consider nasus a true tank - he has no real tank abilities , and serves better as a tanky dps / anti-carry . that said , here 's a list of the heroes i consider true tanks in the current metagame . alistar i will grant you that alistar 's hard to play optimally , but when he is , the bull 's a force to be reckoned with . two hard ccs ( neither affected by merc treads ) . triumphant roar makes him an excellent pusher , and his ultimate and high base health make you an excellent damage soak . additionally , little of his power comes from items ; pulverize + headbutt is really good even without any bonus from ap . amumu amumu 's got two major things going for him : he is a great initiator , and he is a tank who can jungle and gank effectively . due to the experience bonus , most top teams have a jungler on summoner 's rift , and amumu 's one of the better ones . he also has two hard ccs in bandage toss and his ult , which can make escaping from him quite difficult ( not to mention keeping folks within despair for longer ) cho'gath poor cho just get nerfed pretty bad in the nocturne patch , losing substantial damage numbers from feast . that aside , he still is a decent ( if not a first pick ) tank with a skill shot initiation ability ( though rupture is more easily dodge-able than some other initiators ) and an aoe silence . there is also something to be said for the psychological and mechanical effects of having the largest model on the screen . you will be shielding your allies from attacks simply because your opponents can not find them to click under a fully-feasted cho'gath . after you have maxed your feast stacks , try using feast earlier in fights rather than later : it does true damage , and it is a pretty sizeable nuke - carries especially tend to panic when 1/4 of their health ( or more ) suddenly vanishes . galio mana-regen problems aside , galio is a strong tank . his most notable skills are his ult and his gust -- an aoe taunt nuke is especially powerful when combined with other aoe ults , such as annie , amumu , morgana , malphite , etc . gust is useful both as a chasing mechanic and to help allies escape . unfortunately , opposite-but-otherwise-like rammus , galio 's usefulness tends to diminish in matches with primarily physical damage where he can not make full use out of his passive . garen garen is not a " typical " tank , and works best as an offtank due to not having a strong initiator or cc other than his silence ( which is pretty useful in and of itself ) . garen 's a tough character who can bring a lot of damage to a group of enemies between judgement and his iconic sunfire cape . his ult is interesting , as it can be difficult to judge when to best use it , though some players dislike it because of its tendency to " steal " kills . gragas gragas gets a damage reduction , an aoe slow , area denial , and a massive radial knockback on a relatively short cooldown . he works well as a tank ( consider starting with a rod of ages ) because of fight disruption alone , and drunken rage and happy-time give him quite a long longevity as well , making him a passable pusher . malphite malphite joins cho in having been hit with the nerf-bat in the last patch , but is still a strong tank . like amumu , rammus , and shen , malphite can jungle effectively , and has a combination of an impressive initiator , and a damage-dealing skill that scales off of armor ( so even building straight tank items , you can deal a hefty sum of damage ) . with his q , he can be especially effective by tunnel-visioning enemy carries . maokai maokai is a great tank based around team fights . his ultimate is an aoe damage reduction , which when strategically placed , can turn the tide of fights . he has a snare , which is great to gank with , or focus down the enemy carry , a small aoe slow , and a really strong harass with his ranged sapling . his passive makes him have a very strong laning presence . after every 5 abilities , his next auto attack heals him 7% hp . this is also a incredibly useful skill in team fights , giving him huge survivability potential . mordekaiser mordekaiser can be an incredible tank , especially if he gets a few early kills and gets an item and level advantage over the other players . though i have heard of folks jungling as mordekaiser , i prefer to see him in a solo lane , where a good player can easily 2 v 1 by abusing iron man ( well , perhaps less easily , depending on the opponents , but i have seen it done across a number of games ) . make sure to get some ap to go with the kaiser - rylai 's or an abyssal scepter and sorc boots make for a very offensive tank , especially in the laning phase where his short cooldowns make for an easy harass . nunu when built properly , nunu makes a great off-tank . the thing you have to realize about nunu is that the slow on his e is insane . it is 70% i think at rank 5 ? if nunu catches up to you alone , you are not getting away from him if he has the mana to continually iceball you . also important to note is consume - the health it restores is not insubstantial , and with a will of the ancients , you can easily recover half your health every 10 seconds or so . rammus rammus has everything a tank needs - a damage reduction ability ( defense curl ) , an intiator paired with a slow ( powerball ) , hard cc and target peeling ( taunt ) , and team fight presence ( tremors adds up fast ! ) . did we mention that he could jungle and his taunt has a relatively quick cooldown ? a top pick for sure . shen shen is probably up in the top 3 with amumu and rammus when it comes to tanks ( in my mind at least ) . if you can learn to correctly handle his energy ( which can be a little tricky to get the hang of at first ) , a good shen player can be phenomenal . he is got a damage shield , an aoe taunt , and a global ult / ally savior mechanic . one thing to note is that you do not want to build dodge on shen - build armor/mr and health instead : it makes his passive come up more often and for more damage . singed finally , singed . singed is known for running really fast - make sure to take ghost , as it lets you spread your poison much more handily without having to path around enemies . as singed , you want your opponents to chase you ; with your ult you are more than likely faster than them ( and insanity potion lasts for an unmatched thirty seconds ) and they will kill themselves on your poison trail if they chase you for too long . of course , when they finally break off , that is when you turn around , stick ' m with your adhesive , and then fling ' m behind you into more poison . fling is an okay initiator , though it takes practice to make sure you are not accidentally throwing the enemies away from your team .
i now found a solution in this news article ( german ) : if you remove the following registry key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\installer\userdata\s-1-5-18\products\1dc6aef331ae7ec47ae47aa4a4a0b7c5 you are able to install the demo while fifa 11 stays installed . you should make a backup though , so that you still can uninstall fifa 11 properly later .
when you die you die . if you notice , there are many different instances of the realm from the starting area . before the battle with oryx begins , he will tell you that the instance is locked " for you all to die alone . " unfortunately , this means you can not get back into that instance until oryx is cleared . if you spend about 20-30 minutes in an instance though , you will end up at oryx again before you know it . generally in the time it takes to get a character to 20 , you should see oryx at least once . and just some advice , i am a new player as well , but i pretty much always die at oryx if i try to fight him with the others . until you can get some good gear and maybe stat potions on a character you like , you would probably benefit to warp to nexus once you get to the actual battle with oryx . you can be one/two hitted even at level 20 if you are not extremely careful . you will still gain 2-4 levels on the way to fight him , but generally you will not get xp at the boss battle , nor will you get any drops if you hang around the edges just trying to survive . it is not really worth the risk of dying to stick around .
it is possible for ps3/4 games to be cross-play but it is not the default . you will have to check whether each specific game supports ps3/4 cross play as it is up to the developer to implement .
i have only seen the spread chain attack at mid-far range . up close and personal may seem dangerous , but it is probably your best bet . tip : make sure you avoid his large swing and knock back at a reasonable distance . rather than using chain , he will typically charge , allowing for easy damage when stunned .
if it is red that means it detected some other input during the quick time event period . do you have other controllers attached -- joysticks , gamepads , etc ? anything else that would send an input signal during that interval ? fwiw i had no problem with this sequence , though i did mess it up the first time . .
no , diablo does not support acting on items in the trade window in the way that games like world of warcraft do . you will need to find someone you trust to apply the ce dyes from their own inventory and then give the item back to you .
nope ! no exclusivity ! all mods work together . you can mix and match to your heart 's content . though you better have a small heart ; there are only 5 mods per weapon total .
if you have another tech in the queue , it will begin research on the next one . it is quite possible , if you have enough research , to get two ( or even three ! ) research items done in a single turn . in the event that no other technology has been added to the queue , then , yes , the extra research is lost .
the advanced electric buffer item was practically designed to do exactly this task . the item is introduced by gregtech , and it inputs items into specified slots into machines .
yes , you can play both standard mode and the bass parts with the mustang . frets 1-5 are used to simulate the green-> orange buttons that you may be used to on the standard rb strat , though they are wider . you can also use frets 13-17 , which are narrower and liken a bit more to the solo buttons from the rb strat , and they function in the same manner in which you do not have to strum for the solo/big rock endings parts . you can press any or all buttons on the appropriate fret , it does not matter which ' string ' the buttons are on , and similarly you can strum any string whether you are fretting it or not . for the bass parts in pro mode , you can simply ignore the 2 strings you do not use ( b and high e ) .
according to the forum thread ( as of the time of posting this answer ) , zanminimap 0.9.9 ( the most current version ) is only beta 1.6.4 ready . the current version of zanminimap , 0.10.0 , is beta 1.6.6 compatible .
if you run into another driver with a boost you can steal it from them by colliding with their kart . the final speed boost is to just steal a boost from someone else . when you see a driver with three mushrooms or the crazy 8 circling their kart , you can physically collide with an item to get its effects . while in zero gravity mode , crashing into any kart will give you a boost . when in zero-g , any kart you hit -- and certain glowing posts in the road -- will give you a speed boost quotes from an ign article .
yes , you should retract the landing gear . i am using alternate control layout and it is r3 for ps3 .
you squish eleven grapes , then you come back from where you died . to squish grapes you stand near them , press enter , and then select " squish " . but wait ! instead of squishing grapes , go right and drop down the hole . you will enter a new area . now you can use the map , and visit all the " streets " in nakara . once you do this you will get a badge :d source
no , it only applies to monsters slain . the mods on items are a bit misleading , it does not tell you that it only applies to slain mobs . the character screen states that it applies only to drops of mobs . source , source
in order to run diablo 2 on my windows 7 pc , i did the following ( and this should work for vista as well ) : have the compatibility mode set to windows xp ( service pack 3 ) run in 256 colours disable desktop composition run this program as an administrator if you still run into issues , try keeping the screen resolution menu opened as you play . this may sound odd , but i have seen a few people say this solved their problems when playing .
while there is a lot of terminology/slang out there for dota 2 trading , the ones you ask about are : hook : pudge 's bone hook . tb : vintage timebreaker , a weapon for faceless void old key : refers to the regular treasure keys that are $2.50 usd in the store new key : refers to the current promotional key that you need to open certain new chests . as of january 2013 , new keys refer to the dark treasure chest keys , which open the " treasure of dark implements " chest .
one city challenge would not be affected by no city razing . when you take a city in occ , the city is instantly destroyed . this can even destroy otherwise unrazeable cities such as capitals and city states . the only effect no razing would have would be preventing the ai from razing other ai players ' cities .
it gives you money the same way killing an orc does except that you must go to pick it up and is not given to you automatically after killing one .
if the dialog started , and that dialog is supposed to give you a journal entry , it will even if you do not stick around to let it finish . i had this happen in the entrance to the purgatory bar in the citadel -- i listened to a woman talking on the phone ( all the conversation ) and got a mission , then i had to go and exited the game forgetting to save ( silly me ) and had to replay that part . i did not feel like listening to it all again so i just kept running and a few moments later i got the same mission even though i was obviously out of earshot . so just be sure to run passed all the people you see , but do not feel obligated to listen to them ( although most conversations are really entertaining )
the player hq and hub are still in the latest x3:ap ( make sure you update the patches since the quest is not in 1.0 of ap ) . there are also several unknown sectors you can ' claim ' in ap , but if you are thinking of the reward sector you get in x3:tc , that sector has since then been claimed by a race . the total number of unowned sectors in ap is now lower as each race decided to expand a little .
yes , you should have absolutely no issues doing that . i believe you should have most all of the prestige related titles already , but i have not gotten to 10 yet myself . for more information on what you need to do to get the titles , the call of duty wiki on wikia has a full list of all titles . the prestige related titles are listed with a green background .
your own experience confirms that yes , you do need to finish ' media blitz ' . the secret mission will appear on the star map , same as other " normal " missions . edit : note that you will have to play the secret mission before going to char as once you start that , you will not be able to go back to do it .
according to the support article steam will apply any of your applicable coupons automatically . prior to clicking purchase ,  you can choose to save your coupon for later by clicking the change/remove coupon link for that coupon in your cart .
i have compared 3 presets : gionight , confident and nightwalker . the best is from gionight . it has the best colors and it runs good on low quality settings . here is a download-link : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5516 . the one from confident is pratically the same like the default preset and very blurry and weak colors and the one from nightwalker is too dark or the colors is too extreme and it is not very balanced .
you have to use the proper output cable to get 480p . if memory serves , you need to use component output . out of the box , the wii comes with a composite output cable . you will need to purchase a separate wii component output cable . from nintendo 's product page : the wii component video cable allows you to hook your wii console system to a high-definition tv ( hdtv ) or enhanced-definition tv ( edtv ) to view 480p progressive output . 480p progressive output displays at a higher resolution than standard 480i resolution . . . . please note that your tv must be a high-definition tv ( hdtv ) or enhanced-definition tv ( edtv ) to view 480p output . you will also be required to change your wii settings from standard tv ( 480i ) to edtv/hdtv to view 480p . . . . you cannot see wii progressive display output when the wii console system is hooked to a tv using any other kind of cable .
well its one of the lesser known easter eggs in arx fatalis . to open that big door you need a special key , this key is dropped by king lunshire ( yes you can kill and loot him ) this special key opens the large door ( that one you posted in the youtube-link ) next to the human outpost , which supposedly leads to the outside world . when you open the door , it basically just triggers a cut scene where you get killed by an icy wind that blows in from the frozen world outside .
take a look at you control-settings , there are two options : hold aim down sight toggle aim down sight i do not know the exact lables for these options as i only own the german version , but the first one is what you are looking for wile the second one seems to be the one you are using - just change your settings .
this depends on the crew skill . gathering skills , ( i.e. . scavenging , slicing , bioanalysis and archaeology ) all have nodes scattered around various planets which can be gathered from , as in other mmo 's . mission skills ( i.e. . diplomacy , investigation , treasure hunting and underworld trading ) do not . the only way to use them is with missions . in general , even with gathering skills , sending your spare crew members on missions will result in a much better yield of materials , along with being able to target the specific mats you need without entering zoned which you cannot handle or which are trivial to you .
sure , in your system preferences , go to storage , and move the save file over there . when you load the game it will ask what storage device to use . select " cloud storage " and it will use that .
you have to fight the felix a requisite amount of times and then you will get him . you can check your " events " to find out how close you are .
according to the doom 3 1.3.1 patch notes , doom 3 is vista compatible . i am assuming this implies that the original version had some compatibility issues . according to various threads , the demo does not work properly in vista , although the full game does .
okay , so i looked around a bit more and it turns out there is another board you can jump to just to the left of deadgirl . you will have to get pretty close to her in order to be close enough to jump to it though . since the image below is so dark , i have highlight the important bits with colours . you can see it ( slightly ) better in the actual game .
since the polymorph trap does not disappear until you step on it , just push your pet onto the trap again ( after letting it heal up so it does not die of systemic shock ) . it should turn into some other , ideally non-invisible monster . if the polymorph trap is gone there are usually some in the lowest levels of the gnomish mines .
i think the guys at ca said that the city had to be upgraded to max to make it look like in your pic . though truth is they did a really lazy and poor job creating this game . rushed and unfinished .
gunpoint , a recently-released indie game metal gear solid 2 , the sequel to the famous playstation stealth game . the pre-release demo was notable for being included with the game zone of the enders , which boosted the sales of the latter game . half-life : uplink , the post-release standalone demo for the critically-acclaimed half-life , which included portions not available in the full game . limits and demonstrations , the demo for kentucky route zero
first off , the type of luck you receive each day is random , and katrina does not " give " you the luck--you have it already and she tells you what kind you have . and so for " love luck , " it should already be easier that day to increase friendship with opposite-gender villagers and to get special conversations with them . you do not need katrina to unlock your luck , just to clarify what it is for the day . i can attest to " love luck " working as true ( or having just several weird coincidences ) ; the number of special conversations i had with opposite-gender villagers with good " love luck " was higher than normal ( and definitely more than the ones i had with same-gender villagers ) .
to find part 2 of leah 's journal , you need to check her journal after completing the fallen star by talking to captain rumford , but before entering the cathedral during the legacy of cain .
at first : it would be nice if you added a more details error description ( error message ? servers listed or not ? timeout at connection to the server ? etc . ) . depending on you country you will the cut or the uncut version of the game by steam . cut and uncut version are incompatible ( at least at the time i played ) ; so you can not play with a cut version on an uncut server and vice versa . there will be probable no servers left for the uncut version . there are patches out there to convert a cut version to uncut ( just google for " rainbox 6 vegas 2 uncut patch" ) . another widespread problem is that some routers require configuration . you have to open these ports ; tcp : 3074 to 3174 + 10130 ( in- and outgoing ) udp : 10140 ( in- and outgoing )
the drain was caused by attrition . i never noticed this until now because my armies were always below the supply limit of the provinces they were in . you have to select each unit to see the attrition percentage . i had one army with 38 regiments in a province with a 22 supply limit . splitting the army and moving half to the neighboring province solved the problem .
when you are alone put the highest resonators available right away . placing a resonator gives you 125 ap , while upgrading one gives you 65 , but only if you are not the owner of the resonator . upgrading your own resonators will give you exactly nothing , zero , nil . this means that with a friend you will get more ap by starting with low-level resonators and gradually upgrading them . also you have to remember the limits on resonators ' deployment that depends on your level . anyway you can always check how many ap you get by looking at the log in your scanner .
i am unsure why you added DXLEVEL 80 . 512mb of ram is very small ; it is clearly the bottle neck in this case . you do state though that the other noted games run fine . it is possible that with all the content that is in use at the same time when playing tf2 that your ram is just not capable of holding it all ( and tf2 has a lot of content , such as hats ) . as for the shown minimum requirement , maybe due to the steady increase in the size of the game since release and all the addition new items/content , the stated requirement is actually no longer realistic .
it means that that pokmon has almost enough experience to level up . i assume that switching to them and winning the battle will give them enough experience , but i can not be sure .
hover over to see the solution ( spoiler-alert ) : because when booker sold her to comstock when she was a baby just before the portal closed elizabeth ( while she was a baby ) stuck her pinky out of the portal reaching for her father ( booker ) and it got cut off as it closed .
here 's an elaborate solution involving trapping a skeleton that appears to work well . it seems that this setup could easily be changed to use a snowball/arrow dispenser instead of a skeleton , however the business of keeping it fueled , and firing at the right time would be an issue .
if you do not wish to read the entire answer , the short answer is " no " . if you do , however , then thank you for taking the time to read and i hope you enjoy reading about it as much as i did writing it . i decided to test this out using the spell card " wind " . the spell card 's description when leveling it up : increase wind range and wind size the first part of my research was to test out the spell card when it was one level before the maximum , without using any equipment boosts . here are the results : take note of the size of the wind . when i level up wind so that it is at the maximum , the wind range and wind size should be increased . i will mainly be focusing on the wind size . here are the results of the spell card at the maximum level , with no equipment boosts . as you can see , this one is slightly larger . i tried my best to take the screenshot while both were in the same area . i also tried to get the character in the same position by running all the way to the left and then lightly tapping the right arrow key . next , i added some equipment boosts to the next level in order to see if there would be any changes . i used spellmaster cap in my hat slot , which gives a +1 to all cards , including wind . for my necklace slot , i used thor 's hammer , which gives a +4 to all wind cards . finally , for my ring slot , i used hurricane , which gives a +2 boost to all wind cards . here are the results of the wind card with a +6 boost . now , to take a closer look at the green shapes and their sizes , i have zoomed in on each image , taking the photo in the exact same spot . from the first test to the second test , the size is larger , as expected . however , even with a +6 boost ( which is a lot ) , there is not really a noticeable difference between the second and third test .
this sounds like their infamous peer 2 peer downloading ( i.e. . sometimes stopping or slowing down till a specific share ratio is reached ) . did you try disabling peer 2 peer downloads ?
honestly i struggle with this situation too , but here is the basic plan i try to use : blocking to wear them out ( energy ) advance in to a clinch ( tricky , and usually involves switching between advancing and blocking a couple times to get it right ) once i get double underhooks , i go straight for the double leg take down again , my success rate is not high . . . i have heard people say you can go counter into muay tai , but i can not pull it off .
looking at the wording available for the heck hound spell : deals 130 fire damage per pip over 3 rounds ( accuracy 75% ) it can be seen that the damage this spell can give is dependent on how many rounds you manage to stay fighting , as 1 more pip is added for every round you stay fighting . thus , the only way to compare this spell in regards to damage is by comparing it to other spells that use the same number of pips . so , for the number of pips , this is the total average ( damage * pips * accuracy * 3 rounds ) damage done by heck hound : 1 - 292.5 2 - 585 3 - 877.5 4 - 1170 5 - 1462.5 6 - 1755 7 - 2047.5 8 - 2340 9 - 2632.5 10 - 2925  we can see here that the spell 's damage is quite high . let 's also assume that there is only one enemy , so that spells that target all enemies can be considered fairly . running down all math , i was able to produce an excel file detailing all spells ' damage . by analyzing the data one can check that heck hound is indeed the most powerful ( in terms of damage ) spell , except for the 8 pips case , where king artorius ( myth ) alone gains a small advantage . the judgement spell from the balance school has similar mechanics to this spell , but falls a lot short , due to the round bonus .
yes , you get gold just by playing and all cards are obtainable just by playing . in single-player : you get gold by playing a quick match ( both winning and losing ) . you get no gold for the tutorial match . you get gold once for each trial you win . repeated trials give nothing . in multiplayer you also get gold both for winning and losing a match . for details you can check the wiki . shards can only be bought with real money and can be used to : unlock the other starter decks . buy the weekly face-up offers . these are six random scrolls ( 2 common , 2 uncommon and 2 rare ) that refresh weekly just for you . shards can not buy anything that can not be bought with gold , and to buy random scrolls and scroll packs ( which is the primary way to get new scrolls ) you can only use gold .
the set friend note is for your own personal reference , you can type anything in there that you want . for example , if they are not your realid friends with them and just in game friends , you can set a note to remind you that sorean is really neo matrix . or you can say put into the notes that i play protoss and enjoy adding dark templar 's into my late game play . i am not sure why it is not saving anything for you , but it is working and saving the notes i typed for anyone on my list .
barbarians ( and assassins , in the expansion ) are the only classes who can dual wield . barbarians can dual wield any one-handed melee weapons - one-handed swords , one-handed axes , one-handed hammers . they can also dual wield throwing weapons like javelins , but without the double throw skill they can not throw from both hands . as a final point , they can also wield a two-handed sword in a single hand in order to dual-wield . this does reduce the damage , and the power of the weapon for both single-handed and two-handed version is listed on hovering . assassins can only dual wield their claw weapons . when you perform normal attacks , you will alternate between the weapons in your hands . the attack speed is calculated for each arm swing , so different weapon speeds will result in different attack speeds . however , the speed is generally faster than if you just swung either of the weapons twice . clicking faster has no effect , and the damage is simply that of each weapon hitting . and of course , dual wielding is necessary to use a number of combat skills like double swing , double throw , and frenzy for the barbarian , and some martial arts skills for the assassin . your right hand strikes first , but in most scenarios it is fairly moot whether you keep your weapons on one hand or the other .
as kevin y said , you need to unlock then beat mission 14 to unlock the chocobos , which requires you to beat 13 . . . this is the chain : 1-> 2-> 3-> 5 and 7-> 12-> 13-> 14 . the link has all the location maps for the bosses+cieth stones . after you beat 14 you will find chocobos scattered throughout the archelytte steppes . hope this helps .
there are a number of ways you can handle this , and i will try to break them down for you : roach work baneling style infestor harassment brood lord back dooring roaches are what many people consider the marine 's natural enemy . with high hp ( almost 3 times a marine ) and that 1 base armor its not surprising people would believe this . unlikely in starcraft 1 , marine 's can not upgrade their attack range , so the shorter range of the roach is punished less . the biggest issue you have to worry about with roach based play is where you engage your opponent . ideally you want to engage on open ground , on creep , and with a nice arc . try to remember that because of the roaches ' short range remember to " move " into melee range , instead of " attack move . " baneline style is very popular against mmm in general , and usually used to compliment roach or hydra work . if you initially engage with your roaches ( in more marauder based play you had use hydralisks here ) , and then bring in banelings from the side or behind ( flanking in military terms ) , you can usually make quick work of any marine based force . remember you never attack with banelings , as they explode on death to do damage . instead just " move " near the marine force and let the marines kill them off . i cannot stress how important baneling speed upgrade is against a marine force , even on creep . infestor harassment is also a nice compliment to dealing with marines . while medivac will heal most of the damage quickly , in the middle of a fight , infestors can prevent marines from backing up , while dealing incredible dps ( 9*#of marines ) . they are an excellent compliment to a roach or zergling based strategy . if you are dealing with infestors alone , remember that it will usually require 2 fungal growths to kill a pack of marines ; where " usually " is influenced by the use of stim and the presence of medivacs . if you are coming from a late game air strategy it'll make more sense to use broodlords . brood lords are effective because of their high damage , and because broodlings draw fire from marines . because broodlords are slow , its normally useful to engage from the edge of a cliff , where few marines can hit you . unless you have a very large number of broodlords , this kind of play is unlikely to be effective on its own , and is best complimented with a cheap ground force ( something ling based ) . backdooring is usually an effective technique for shutting down late game terran pushes . terran style tends to be fairly turtle dependent , so most terran players will run for their base when ever its in trouble . you can leverage this with muta harass , zergling drops , or even nydus canal . the very fact that you are in his base will often make a terran call off his assault , giving you more time to prepare . with the exception of the last strategy , all these strategies are what i like to call " meat and potatoes " strategies . they have some method for killing the marines and some method for distracting them . this is because marines are extremely cost effective dps and once they hit critical mass , almost impossible to destroy for a short range based zerg force . you strategy should look something like this : i need something for him to hit ( let 's say ultralisks ) and something to kill him ( let 's say hydralisks , two units i did not recommend ) . you would then engage with your ultra heavy force , backed by long range hydra . the marines will naturally target the ultra who have high hp and armor , while the hydra do the lion 's share of the damage . when designing an anti-marine strategy keep this in mind . i used to include an explanation of arcs here , but i have since moved it
i have had a beam hit an enemy crewmember when i had simply drawn it through the center of the room he was in , and believed that it would miss him . ( i was quite lucky it did , since that got me the " kill three enemies with one beam " achievement . ) if the crewmwmber 's hit box is any smaller than the square he is occupying , then it could only be by a pixel or so . either way , the beam does not need to cross the crewmember 's sprite - passing through his square ( or his hitbox , which is nearly indistinguishable from his square ) is sufficient .
you will need to reclaim items , workshops , etc . as specified in this wiki article .
as you mentioned , heavy rain is heavily plot-focused : the mechanics of the controls are not meant to add artificial difficulty to the game itself . any difficulty is intended to come from the puzzles and solving the mystery . so there is no penalty for any difficulty setting : you will even earn trophies at the lower difficulty settings . feel free to use whatever setting you feel most comfortable with .
bombs operate in an large area of effect way while missles fly towards where you are targeting with a smaller aoe attack though a bit of guess work or spamming is required if you want to hit something far . imo i prefer the rockets over the bombs since its faster to kill enemies .
no , it is not tied to the number of times you have used a particular item on the anvil . there is a random chance each time you drop an item , regardless of what happened to that item previously . i have had things cursed the first time i have dropped them , for instance . the dredmor wiki says that it is 2/7 chance of a curse , and a 5/7 chance of a blessing . i am always torn between using a really good item on it , in the hopes that it gets better , or using a kind of " meh " item in the hopes that it either becomes good or destroying it will not matter . frequently what i will do is try to use something that i have a duplicate of , or at least a backup for that slot . that way if it gets better , it is a win , and if it gets worse , oh well , i have got a backup .
you can not host a server for minecraft pocket edition using the pc dedicated minecraft server . despite the name and visual similarity , in software terms minecraft and minecraft pe are completely unrelated and incompatible games . there are currently two options for hosting a pe server : running an android simulator on a pc and running minecraft pe on that . using pocketmine-mp server software .
no , you cannot . you are limited to a level of 50 in the first playthrough . the level cap will be raised to 60 subsequent playthroughs . reaching level 60 will require more than one playthrough regardless since there is not enough experience to go from level 1 to 60 in 1 playthrough . if you do not mind loading in someone else 's save files , there is a nice site that allows you to choose the storyline options and completion % for me2 import . you will be able to change the look and class of your imported character in me2 .
a simple explanation . . . travel between dimensions in minecraft is always mediated by portals . gaining access to the nether requires that you build a nether portal out of obsidian blocks , and since endermen can not move obsidian blocks , they can not build the portal to get there . however , movement between the end and the overworld is possible for endermen because : end portals already exist by default in overworld strongholds . the ender dragon has the ability to create a portal leading from the end to the overworld , as evidenced when it is killed by the player . also , endermen just spawn normally in the overworld . if you were to stand on one side of a nether portal with an enderman on the other side and look at him , he would walk forward and travel to the nether , which mobs can do as of 1.4.2 .
8/10/2011 update : unfortunately the game has changed significantly enough now where the below is no longer useful . you may want to check out how should our town decide what to build next ? for advice on how to make the best decisions based on your situation . ok , i will start by taking a shot , and then we will see what optimizations other people can make . this is roughly the order used in my current town , with corrections made where we think we made a mistake . assumptions : at the beginning , some materials are assumed to be found intact . but after about day 3 , i assume that all constructed materials are being refined from the lowest level in the workshop ( with the corresponding ap cost ) total ap used : 1,090 ( so roughly 5 days given the op assumptions ) total builder water usage : 55 ( 15 builders for 5 days , plus 20 for moat , minus 40 for drilling rig ) total builder food usage : 28 ( 15 builders every other day for 5 days , minus 10 for the vegetable plot ) special materials used : i tried to limit these as much as possible . this build uses only 3 nuts and bolts , 3 pipes , 5 cement blocks , 1 electronics , and 1 pharmaceuticals final defense on day 5: 382 plus defensive objects . day 1 build workshop convert 10 logs into 5 planks convert 10 scrap metal into 5 iron convert 10 planks into 5 beams convert 10 iron into 5 supports build watchtower build factory make 30 tents project of the day : watchtower total ap used : 137 defense : 5+3+ ( 30 tents ) = 38 ( plus defensive items ) required : 18 planks , 15 wrought iron , 1 concrete block , 10 rotten logs , 10 scrap metal and 3 nuts and bolts day 2 convert 34 logs into 17 planks convert 8 metal into 4 iron build portal lock build great wall strengthening build great pit build spiked pit project of the day : watchtower total ap used : 227 defense : 38 + 109 = 147 ( plus defensive items ) required : 8 scrap metal , 17 planks , 34 rotten logs , 2 wrought iron day 3 convert 30 logs to 15 planks convert 12 metal to 6 iron convert 20 planks to 10 beams build pump build water purifier build vegetable plot build moat project of the day : pit total ap used : 247 defense : 147 + 45 + 13 = 205 ( plus defensive items ) required : 2 copper pipe , 1 wrought iron , 10 planks , 30 rotten logs , 12 scrap metal day 4 convert 58 logs to 29 planks convert 14 planks to 7 beams convert 8 metal to 4 iron convert 4 iron to 2 supports build well-drilling rig build old school traps project of the day : pit total ap used : 209 defense : 205 + 30 + 21 = 256 ( plus defensive items ) required : 8 scrap metal , 28 rotten logs day 5 note that by this day , you have to start building to what materials you have . for example , if you do not have cement , but you have nuts and bolts , you might want to go for ramparts instead . convert 62 logs to 31 planks convert 28 planks to 14 beams convert 28 metal to 14 iron convert 14 iron to 7 supports build armour plating build cannon mounds build stone cannon build breaker upgrade : pit total ap used : 214 defense : 256 + 94 + 32 = 382 ( plus defensive items ) required : 62 rotten logs , 28 scrap metal other thoughts : after the pump is built , getting the water for the moat is easy . i am not sure how to account for the long-term effect of using that water in this way though . added the well-drilling rig to make up for this . even together they are better defense/ap than most things out there . portal lock is mainly just to prevent stupidity/griefing a hacksaw would significantly reduce the cost of all the conversions and allow you to get further ahead
no , there is nothing uniquely unlocked by completing the single player mode that is not available by completing the multiplayer mode . the benefit of the single player mode is that unlike in the original release on the gameboy advance , this version includes a single player mode and can be played alone . the only other " benefits " to the single player mode aside from the fact that you do not need another person to play is that if you are looking for a challenge , the game can be harder as there is only one of you .
based on my own experience and programming skills , i would say that each monster probably has a Pathing Algorithm that tells him how to move , where to move for , what to avoid and the maximum range from its Home Zone it is allowed to move away , if it leaves its home zone , the mob will return to its zone and reset . also , what takes place here is time without receiving damage . if you run in front of a mob , it will follow you , but if it receives no damage in a matter of , i would say 8-9 seconds , it will stop chasing you . there are two Triggers for the mob to stop attacking you and run back to its original coordinates : time without receiving damage and maximum walk range reached . numbers still needs testing but the Triggersare those , for sure , not taking in account the underwater environment which is sort of bugged causing monsters that are in battle with you face to face and in close range to sometimes , leave combat and regen full or half of its health for no good reason .
that is a common bug that can be solved by telling your follower to leave and then telling him to join again .
they are randomly generated . and here 's a great news for you . i have created a little webpage for generating the same exact names that are found on portal 2 coop end credits . see http://ericgagnon.net/portal2jobtitle ( refresh to get a new job title ) . it is a rest service so you guys can actually use it for your own apps or you can also get the source code in php . where you can find the list : inside XYZ:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\scripts\vscripts\credits\credits_coop.nut there is a section that contains job prefixes , middle and suffixes : and on line 639 of that same file , there is the script that randomly generates the job title :
just complete another assistance quest in solitude , it should update and then the quest will disappear from your journal . the uesp fix you mentioned in the comments by using the console may work for you , but it did not work for me so i had to do it the other way .
go to eve api key management , and click the create new apy key button set the name as " played time " , choose your character and select account status in the private information menu , as in the following pictures : after this , you will have a key id ( keyid ) , and a verification code ( vcode ) : you will have to use this generated keyid and vcode in the following url , and then open it in a browser : https://api.eveonline.com/account/AccountStatus.xml.aspx?keyID=KEYID&amp;vCode=VERIFICATIONCODE for example : https://api.eveonline.com/account/AccountStatus.xml.aspx?keyID=3020301&amp;vCode=JZRN9JUVKuU3t41K3ED0HpZoIHjlmIkVHMUhpJsuajND18l0PtRwEDyzNxX2Rkzf then finally you can check your logon minutes in the following xml tag , and just do the math : &lt;logonMinutes&gt;1631&lt;/logonMinutes&gt;
there is only one ending in the single player campaign , no other maps exist to allow for any sort of variation ( unless you count dying as an " ending" ) . most of the " multiple endings " talk thrown around online are in reference to the co-op and single player being different .
this doctor thief appears in every 6-8 rounds , normally you should hear a low-note scream and the room will get slightly darker . if you are playing with your friends , not all of them may see him ( but appears to see number bloods when he runs around ) but they can still kill him . to avoid him you must run away from him and shoot him when you are from afar . repeat this method : run away until you are slightly far from the thief . look back and shoot at the thief . continue running away when he gets close . repeat . when you have successfully killed him , your weapons are returned , including a drop of ammo . sometimes you may have a drop that reduces the price of upgrading your weapon for a limit of time ( a $ sign will appear at the bottom if this is active ) from 5000 to 2500 points , also random-weapon box will be set 10 points for every time you open the box . but the points are lowered over a short period of time . the best method to kill him is to use a machine gun or a light machine gun with a large magazine , shoot every bullet in him , it takes quite some time to take him down due to his large amount of health points but when playing with team mates , you are more likely to take him down quickly . a good way to kill him is to use the upgraded colt m1911 , mustang and sally . the kino der toten map does not have a thief doctor but the kino der toten map has zombie dogs/wolves ( at least 10+ ) that run and attack towards you and your team mates which is more annoying than the doctor thief .
there was a very good article targeted at doppelganger 's as a player character race that might have some helpful information . before gaining polymorph control : medium-sized humanoids can wear all armor and use weapons . hill orcs are guaranteed at level 2 , and are strong monsters elf and dwarf mummies are reasonably fast , and do not have to eat , making them if you want to wait around and sacrifice at an altar doppelgangers can start polymorphing into mind flayers with a reasonable chance of success at level 6 or 7 ; the brain-eating attack will make short work of most monsters , but is useless against those without heads or brains , and downright dangerous against monsters with passive attacks . note that mind flayers will not be stoned by attacking cockatrices ; the tentacle attack is instead turned off . although not guaranteed until level 8 , a level 5-7 character has a reasonable chance of polymorphing into a basilisk . they are essentially stronger cockatrices , with the same passive attacks . as such , they can be very handy for getting through the gnomish mines . note that nutrition can be a problem , since you can not eat statues . also , the similar asphynx may look appealing , being faster , but it can carry very few items , and cannot pick any up at all . blue jellies have a powerful passive attack and are a guaranteed polymorphable form at level 4 . unfortunately , they are also immobile and their lack of carrying capacity will result in nutriton burn if you do not first drop all of your equipment . if a non-cold resistant monster attacks you in melee they will take damage and heal you , possibly also causing you to split creating tame blue jellies . this can be useful for survival in the gnomish mines , and the tame jellies can be abandoned and killed after becoming untame as a source of cold resistance . gargoyles and winged gargoyles can sit and lay eggs that will hatch has gargoyles , winged gargoyles cannot wear body armor but normal ones can . both forms also have excellent natural ac . baby dragons are guaranteed starting at level 4 . they can lay eggs , which will then hatch tame . unfortunately , the larger disparity between the base levels of baby and adult dragons in slash'em makes getting pets dragons from baby dragons harder , although not impossible . demons have low natural ac , good attacks , and are a source of powerful pets through demon gating . the weaker demons become guaranteed polymorphable forms before a doppelganger gains intrinsic polymorph control at level 9 as well . chasmes can attack quickly and can repeatedly put foes to sleep . great for killing shopkeepers ( though this will come at the cost of -5 alignment if you kill the shopkeeper without having him/her become angry with you due to not waking up ) . after gaining polymorph control giant shoggoths are about the most powerful form , making short work of just about any monster , including one-eyed sam . they are stoning resistant , can eat metal , are quite fast and have teleport control . unfortunately , they are also blind , and have no hands . thus , they make poor traveling forms , but are excellent for problem-solving . crystal golems are too large to wear body armor , but intrinsically possess magic resistance , reflection , fire , cold , sleep and shock resistance . they will always have 300 hp as well . while their melee attack only does the damage of your wielded weapon/bare-handed combat abilities , they also possess a random breath weapon , possibly including disintegration . skeletons are somewhat slow , but are reasonably strong , stoning resistant , have a good natural ac and can wear all armor and use weapons . the slow speed can be offset by intrinsic speed or ( better ) speed boots . master mind flayers are stronger than normal mind flayers . note , however , that in slash'em they oddly have fewer brain-eating attacks than normal mind flayers . dragons of any color have excellent defensive and offensive capabilities and by sitting they can lay eggs , which can then grow into pets . black dragons have disintegration breath , which is instadeath to most things . xorns and earth elementals have the ability to travel through walls . stealing from shops is easy and escaping into the middle of nowhere to heal up is a great bonus .
the moves you have to perform in a single combo are ( ps3 / 360 / pc ) : strike ( square / x / mouse left ) counter ( triangle / y / mouse right ) cape stun ( circle / b / mouse middle ) evade ( x / a x2 / space x2 ) throw ( square + x / a + x / shift + mouse left ) takedown ( triangle + circle / b + y / shift + mouse right ) ground takedown ( r2 + triangle / rt + y / ctrl left + mouse right ) batarang ( l1 / lt / q ) batclaw ( r2 x2 / rt x2 / c ) as far as which order and where to do it , i would check sites like true achievements ( xbox 360 ) , or ps3 trophies forums for some tips . check youtube as well , there is loads of videos for it and a bunch of different possible solutions .
the " interact " button ( default e ) can be used to arm mcoms with the eod bot . the repair tool ( fire key , default left mouse ) can repair friendly vehicles , damage enemy vehicles , and also disarm/dispose of enemy explosives , such as c4 . it can also kill , just like the normal repair tool , although getting close enough to do so can be tricky . you can " aim " the repair torch to an extent by moving your mouse , but there is no control for moving the torch arm around any more than that .
no , without access to the console for the pc , there is still no way of getting around this . you will have to wait for a patch .
the developer ended up responding to me on his forums : windows %appdata%/hackslashloot/data/ ( for me , "%appdata%" was c:\users\myusername\appdata\roaming ) mac ~/library/application support/hackslashloot/data/ linux ~/ . hackslashloot/data/ furthermore , it seems that class unlocks are tied entirely to the number of player deaths . die a lot , and more classes will unlock . if you do not have access to the computer you were originally playing on and wish to unlock the classes ( or if you just want to unlock them all early , since " dying a lot " really is not any measure of skill ) simply edit the number of " totaldeaths " in the settings . xml file to be a large number .
yes you can . i managed to do it on deus ex mode . here are a few things that may help out : use those exploding barrels . you can use those to take out enemies that are nearby . if you have a long ranged weapon like sniper rifle , it helps out a lot . you have to take out those heavies fast as they do tons of damage . get the attention of the big bot that gets dropped . if you can toss two emp grenades over , he will die . if you do not have any , shoot it a few times so he is focused on you instead . you can still save her on a pacifist playthrough , but its much harder . here 's a video walkthrough on how to do it . the reward for saving malik is : she later assists you by saving the sarif scientists in singapore and dealing with a bunch of enemies with an emp blast so you do not have to face them .
zerg 's main advantage in starcraft is that they can produce workers at absurd rates compared to protoss or terran players . while doing so prevents them from building other units , the goal of most zerg players is to secure an economic advantage and then just barely hold off enemy attacks by producing last minute combat units . this allows them to hold a slight lead for the entire game and then finish it with the typical zerg lategame army : brood lord/infestor/roach/queen . there are two scenarios where you stop droning : there is something your opponent could be doing that would cause you to lose to his next attack . hopefully you have scouted this , but often you have to just assume he is planning a soon-to-hit attacking force due to the information that you have been able to scout . if you drone during this time and have guessed wrong , there is a good chance you will lose the game . most zerg players cut corners slightly and continuously scout what they can of the opponent 's base and his exit ramp with zerglings and overlords . when they see their opponent pushing out or amassing an army , they cut droning completely . alternatively , you should stop droning after you hit about 70-80 drones in a typical game . some top players prefer to peak at 90-100 drones before building dozens of spine/spore crawlers and then beginning a lategame zerg push . this mastery of the endgame is probably pretty foreign to newer players , though , so just stick to a hard limit of about 80 and you should be well off . finally , worth noting is the stephano method for zerg , which plays very differently but has caught on due to his success . he focuses more on a balanced composition ( building drones at about the rate terran or protoss players would , rather than all at once ) and takes the offensive in early-midgame with roach attacks to ensure that his opponents are not playing greedy .
zodiac weapons . . . are required to get a gold laurel wreath on the level . unlock more weapon fusion options , though they still do not seem to be special in any way . unlock a square in the treasure hunt grid , required for finishing the treasure hunt and 100% completion .
yes , as awesomesocks42 mentions the type of pokemon you put to sleep influences which area of the dream world you will visit . here is a list to help you determine which type will increase your chances to visit a particular area : q : does the type of pokemon i tuck-in influence which area i go to ? a : yes , depending on the pokemon 's type you will visit a certain area more often than others , here is a list of which types each area prefers ( list is tentative ) : type - area bug - pleasant forest dark - spooky manor dragon - no preference electric - pleasant forest fire - rugged mountain fighting - rugged mountain flying - windswept sky ghost - spooky manor grass - pleasant forest ground - icy cave and rugged mountain ice - icy cave normal - dream park rock - icy cave and rugged mountain poison - pleasant forest psychic - spooky manor steel - icy cave and rugged mountain water - sparkling sea source : smogon dream world research thread
t7 is by default a tank . you may think " what , why ? jedi knight is a tank " well not exactly , the guardian ac of jk is tankish , but the other half is not , so they added the first companion to be a tank by default . if you are a tank yourself and do not want it to get hurt , then you can disable the ' taunt ' ability it has so it does not use it . open your companion 's ability bar , look for the taunt and disable it by ( right clicking ? ) on the ability . the little gem on the upper left corner of the icon should turn off . as for how to heal the companion , you can buy med packs that heal both you and the companion from biochemists , check the gtn there should be plenty there .
no , they do not , they are just skins .
the uppercut is known as the " shoryuken " , and that is what he says while executing it , while the kick is known as the " tatsumaki senpuu kyaku " which he says while executing it , or the " hurricane kick " due to the tough pronunciation of the name . source
as a stealth character , i always go by the credo , kill it in 1 shot you want to do as much damage with the initial shot as possible so you will not need a second shot . because of this , i tend to favor the bigger , heavier weapons over the lighter ones . having said that , if you were solely relying on bows as your source of damage , then you should be carrying two bows in the first place . from uesp : time = 0.4s full draw * ( 1 + 0.1 * bow weight ) / ( 1 + quick shot perk ) minimum full draw shot time = time + 1s here are some bow values with base damage : longbow - weight 5 - 6 damage hunting bow - weight 7 - 7 damage daedric bow - weight 18 - 19 damage longbow weighs the least so shoots the fastest , but it does not allow you to use smithing perks to obtain the maximum damage . hunting bow is the lightest bow that you can improve to the max . daedric bow does the most damage . using the above formula , here are the total speed it takes to do 1 shot ( with no perks ) : longbow - 1.6 seconds hunting bow - 1.68 seconds daedric bow - 2.12 seconds for all accounts and purposes , the hunting bow is far superior to the longbow since it has a much higher maximum possible damage value due to steel smithing with very little increase to total shot time . so now the choice is between the hunting bow and daedric bow . keep in mind the values you see are base damage , with skills in marksman as well as the archery perks , the final difference between the hunting bow and daedric bow will be amplified . final damage = ( base damage + smithing increase ) * ( 1 + 0.5 * skill/100 ) * ( 1 + perk effects ) * ( 1 + item effects ) lets assume smithing adds the same amount of damage to both bows , so we can drop that modifier , we can ignore arrows for the same reason : lets also add in a 50% marksman damage modifier from gear since that is pretty easy to get : final damage values : hunting bow - 31.5 damage = 18.75 dps daedric bow - 85.5 damage = 40.33 dps @andreas is right , i should not have dropped smithing and arrow bonus since it benefits the bow with the faster shot more : final dps values with an arbitrarily high smithing and arrow bonus ( lets say adds 200 damage ) : hunting bow - 231.5 damage = 137.797 daedric bow - 285.5 damage = 134.670 looks like at this point the hunting bow starts winning out dps wise . so the daedric bow not only does more damage per shot at low smithing but the hunting bow eventually wins out . however , keep in mind the higher damage from the daedric bow is increased by x3 from the sneak attack multiplier for roughly ~150 more damage in the end . use the heavier ( daedric bow ) for sneaking final caveat : if you are facing a lot of small and weak enemies ( swarm of rats , for instance ) , then you purely want # of shots per minute since doing high damage is overkill . in those situations , you will go with a longbow for the fastest arrow output .
in theory if you critical while doing a backstab you are more likely to one-shot your target and thus have the chance to trigger the assassination animation ( though i have become quite fond of the face to face animation as opposed to the from behind one ) . it has been found out that most of the perks in the one handed tree actually do not affect daggers because of the bonuses they get from the assassination perk along with the shrouded gloves making them do 30x damage total when used from stealth . despite this , it should be noted that a critical strike from an assassination attack has been noted to do around 32,000 damage ( which is why its understandable that the perks do not affect them : ) ) . . . even on master with all the ups and downs there is nothing in the game that could actually survive that . i have a set of daedric daggers that are legendary , but they were just crafted with 100 skill , maybe a 10-15% smithing item i might have found along the way but no real effort into maxing out the stats on them . . i have had no problem one-shoting anything i have been able to sneak up upon with these . i would say that in general the critical strike perks are a waste of perk points for an assassin . further more an assassin should want to keep things on as much of an even keel as possible . if you are relying on a critical strike and it only happens 50% of the time , then you are going to fail half of the time . much better to just work on getting a nice set of daggers to lead with so you can consistently kill anything that does not see you .
she stands around at the hidden camp before quest 8 , right at the edge of the cliff . like captain rumford in new tristram she always only has one topic at a time , and one of these topics will make her drop her poem .
those are cosmetic . only the stars count . you can i mprove your score by finishing a round in one of the following ways . hole in one - for this , you have to get the star by drawing a single line old school , and - for this , you should not touch the ball or draw any pins awesome - the user marks a solution " awesome " . you can look for some sample solutions on youtube walkthroughs for each . : )
you can end up with any quest if you reroll , so if you have a 40 gold quest and reroll there is a chance to get a 60 or 100 gold quest . the higher value quests are rarer than the 40 gold quests though in my unscientific , personal observation . this should also work the other way around , though i have not checked this myself as i generally do not want to waste the 20 gold . so i would not reroll 60 gold quests unless you have no reasonable deck for the heros in question or simply do not enjoy playing them .
if there are server issues during your game that riot would consider serious enough to affect your gameplay , then any loss will be forgiven due to circumstances outside of your control ( source ) . this means that your elo and win/loss stats are unaffected by that loss . however , if you win your elo will only increase by half of what it normally would . ip and xp are gained as usual . i do not believe they forgive losses for teammates leaving the game though ( jestercapp discusses that here ) .
i have a feeling that you have to start on hard and keep it there the whole way . i initially started on hard but i just do not really feel like fighting harder battles for no real benefit and wanted to lower it ( i now have less time to play since i am really busy with work nowadays ) . in trying to change it , i was warned that doing so may make [me] ineligible for certain achievements . so by that , it sounds like just lowering it below hard at any point in the game will kill chances for the achievement . yeah i know , that message comes up if you change the difficulty from any level , but that would not make my theory wrong .
no , the rocket boots can not be found in any chests , do not drop from shadow orbs or bosses . . . list of treasures around the terraria world please note that most coins and hearts are not included . the following items can drop when you break pots : stack of bombs stack of lesser healing potions stack of torches stack of wooden arrows the following items can be found in any chests , they take up the other slots : stack of arrows stack of bottles stack of copper bars stack of iron bars stack of jester 's arrows stack of gold bars stack of gold coins stack of lesser healing potions stack of silver bars stack of torches stack of shuriken the following items can only be found in buried chests : angel statue band of regeneration cloud in a bottle dynamite enchanted boomerang hermes boots magic mirror the following items can only be found in underwater chests : breathing reed flipper the following items can only be found in floating island house chests : lucky horseshoe shiny red ballon starfury the following items can only be found in jungle shrine chests : anklet of the wind feral claws staff of regrowth the following items can only be found in dungeon chests : aqua scepter blue moon cobalt shield hand gun magic missile muramasa the following items can drop from shadow orbs : ball ' o hurt band of starpower musket with a stack of musket balls orb of light vilethorn the first shadow orb broken in a world ( not destroyed with dynamite ) will always drop a musket and several musket balls , from then on the drop is chosen at random from the list above . the following items can drop from the eye of cthulhu : stack of corrupt seeds stack of demonite ores stack of lesser healing potions stack of unholy arrows the following items can drop from the eater of worlds : shadow helmet shadow greaves shadow scalemail stack of demonite ores stack of shadow scale the skeletron only drops stacks of lesser healing potions , but gives you free access to the dungeon . the following items can drop from the bone serpent : flamelash sunfury and then there are still the monster drops , i find the following confirmed ones worth listing : hook by skeletons , dead miners and piranhas ; used to form a grappling hook later . vine by man eater jungle armor by man eater and hornets rocket boots by goblins harpoon by goblins spiky ball by goblins
there is no karma system in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning , you can do whatever you want and it wont really change anything in the game world ( except very few exceptions like the canneroc village , where you can change the fate of the village but it still wont have any impact on the rest of the game other then the village itself ) . quote from ign review by colin moriarty : there is not a karma system of any kind in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning . you do make choices throughout the game , but none of them are consequential enough to slant you down one direction or the other . doing something like slaughtering villagers will catch the attention of local authorities , however , who will attempt to arrest you . then again , you could fight them , pay them off , or break out of jail if you had like . . . so the answer to your entitled question is : no , your bad/good karma will not catch up to you .
i think that they are not compatible with buildcrafts pipes yet , you need to use a fluiduct ( you are free to use a pipe after that i think ) .
everything in eve is based on a tick based mechanic . the implementation is very transparent unlike in some other massively multiplayer games but it is evident in many of the actions available in game . at the time of writing the tick speed is 1hz . most actions in eve require a certain number of ticks to complete ( collectively called cycles ) , the number of which are then modified by skills and items . this is visible in every action - every time you target somebody , activate a module , etc - even changing direction in flight in that if you try to send too many movement based commands in quick succession they will begin to queue up ( the queue is very short , so too many commands or overriding commands will result in actions being dropped from the queue ) before being executed in the next tick . for example ; firing your weapons will activate a cycle . this cycle cannot be " cancelled " as cancelling it will still require the cycle to complete before you can start another . if the cycle completes in the middle of a tick , you will have to wait until the next tick before reactivating it and starting another cycle . additionally , the game employs a " time dilation " system in highly populated/active systems which applies a modifier to the length of all of the ticks to maintain an average load on the servers responsible for running the calculations for the actions in that system .
the system limit is apparently 16 . from their support site : system link play is a form of multiplayer gaming that allows you to connect 2 xbox 360 consoles with a cable or up to 16 consoles over a network . with linked consoles , multiple players can play the same game . this type of multiplayer gaming is different from split-screen multiplayer gaming , in which all the players are connected to the same console .
you can not buy any traps or weapons that are naturally unlocked through the story with skulls . you can see what is and is not available for purchase in your spellbook . where most traps have the number of skulls needed to purchase them , story unlocks have a little shield that will show what is needed to unlock them upon mouseover . your friend is either lying or he is mis-remembering something . perhaps he purchased an upgrade for them , seeing as how they are unlocked very early in the story .
all dungeons that have " level x " in the name will have at least 2 levels . random dungeons that have " level x " will always have only 2 levels ( and normally a resplendent chest on the second level ) , while story dungeons ( like the crater in act 3 , or the cathedral in act 1 ) can have more ( i think 4 might be the highest ) .
heimskr 's house is close to the gildergreen tree in the center of whiterun , very close to the shrine of talos where heimskr preaches during the day . the uesp 's map of skyrim might be useful if you are having trouble finding it . if you have completed a certain quest : the civil war quest " battle for whiterun " his house will have been blocked by debris . in this case , it will be inaccessible permanently . if you are doing a thieves ' guild radiant quest , ( and i am pretty sure you are , as this is the only reason to go to his house for a quest ) just go back to vex and quit the quest in this case . you can quit these quests and ask for new ones at any time with no penalty ( besides some snarky responses from the questgivers ) .
no stopping power or juggernaut type perks . killstreaks are not stackable . you will have to earn all the killstreak rewards yourself theater mode . you can actually record gameplay without a capture card sleight of hand pro will not increase the speed of aiming down sights for sniper rifles all snipers rifles with be one-hit kills from the chest up . you can actually see what your character will look like based on the tier 1 perk you choose . wager match game types : sticks and stones , sharpshooter , one in the chamber and gun game combat training -- you can play computer controlled bots on multiplayer maps some multiplayer maps have interactive environments scavenger will only resupply ammunition and lethal grenades the equipment slot regional match making - it will be easier to find player closer to you customizable game mode - you can now share these types of games with other players weapons prestige - your weapons can now prestige like players can .
spider jockeys are simply skeletons riding spiders , and i know for a fact that skeletons can not shoot their arrows through glass . if they can , it is most likely a very rarely occurring bug  the fact that there is no citation for that point makes it hard for me to believe . it is not something you need to worry about . ( also , there is nothing on the spider jockey page about being able to shoot through glass . ) glass is just as good as any other block when it comes to safety . the only thing you might worry about is if a creeper were to explode near your windows , the glass would absorb less " blast damage " and more of your house may get destroyed , as glass has a very low blast resistance rating .
inventory you cannot keep stuff in chests , so you will have to optimise your inventory . keep resources in their densest form , e.g. logs , iron blocks , gold blocks . throw away excess stuff when it is time to move , only take your most valuable ( irreplaceable ) stuff with you . mining you will probably want to establish a temporary base while you mine . it is not worth keeping anything but the end product so smelt and ' compress ' everything while you move on . health you will not be able to farm any food , so kill every mob you see for food . general safety . always have enough basic blocks ( wood/dirt ) to construct a minimal shelter , and always have a bed so you can skip the night . always keep a crafting table in your inventory . since it is hardcore , always have a weapon , and build leather/iron armour as soon as possible . try and skip nights as often as possible . only travel during the day .
i have read completely through a couple of guides and tried many things out for myself . here is what i have learned : character modifications there is really nothing that changes for your character between games . the only one that does is that you lose any spell effects that you currently have , which you would anyway for simply entering town . modifications to your max mana via sacred , ornate , and fascinating shrines persist to the new game modifications to your max health via black death zombies persist items you are wearing and carrying persist . items left on the ground in town do not . spells effects do not persist such as infravision and mana shield . any town portal you have does not persist . openings to caves , catacombs , and hell are based on your level in multiplayer and therefore appear in the new game . in single player , these openings are always closed on a new game . item modifications not all item stats persist to a new game ! the lightforge mace morphs when you carry it to a new game . ( i have not seen this happen and have no idea what it morphs into ) effects from the weird shrine do not persist to a new game . this was doubted ( for good reason ) , so here is some proof : sword affected by weird shrine : same sword after starting new game : effects from the gloomy shrine do not persist to a new game . this was also doubted , so here is more proof : helm affected by gloomy shrine : same helm after starting new game : effects from hidden shrine do persist . the helm pictured above was also affected by a hidden shrine . changes based on warrior 's repair skill and sorcerer 's recharge skill persist . current durability and spell charges persist note : any effect received from a goat shrines or cauldron will persist in the same manner as one from the named shrine .
the fire generated from lightning is the same as any other fire source . however , since fire will not destroy netherrack , nor does fire on netherrack spread to other netherrack blocks , there is no trouble in letting them burn indefinitely ( though most of them will be put out by the rain anyway ) . in short , as long as you do not mind the possibility of rooftops randomly on fire , there is nothing much to worry about .
vanilla support for this has been added . the syntax is : /give &lt;playername&gt; &lt;data-value&gt; [amount] [damage-value]  note that if you specify a damage value , you must specify an amount . so for this specific case , you would use : /give &lt;your-name&gt; 6 &lt;how-much-you-want&gt; 1 
patrolling keeps the worker from getting killed easily , while still blocking the area . and it is more efficient than manually moving around , you can let it ' patrol ' and move on with your business .
yes and no - yes you can use your old ea account to play bf2 and no you cannot connect with your 2142 account . before there were 2 accounts : ea account for game-support etc and 2142 account to log in the game . now it is just one - ea account ( your email address is used a login ) . you can access battlefield veteran page and use your 2142 account to get a veteran status for your ea account .
well , erm , i am not exactly sure how to tell you this , but . . . hammerfight supports gamepads out of the box . i just booted it up with my wireless xbox 360 gamepad plugged in , and it picked it up immediately . the only thing you have to do is disable multy-mouse in the settings .
yes , repackaging will destroy your rigs , and automatically strip all the leftover fitted mods . ( non-rigs modules are not destroyed . ) there is no way to repackage a ship without losing the rigs . the only way to transport them is in a carrier or in the ship bay of an orca .
this sounds very much like a bug . the black book in question is merely one of many , and all but one of them grant three choices , of which you pick one . also , your main level should never , ever go up except via leveling skills , so if your skills were not increased at the same time , it is 100% a bug . and unless you are made a skill legendary ( see below ) , 81 is the normal cap , so your skills would need to be basically all 100 . even if they have increased , though , it is basically guaranteed to be a bug . as to your side note , yes , there is a way to get more perk points . skyrim patch 1.9 added the ability to make a skill that has reached 100 legendary . this resets the skill to its base level of 15 , while also giving back the perk points that skill had ( since many of those perks are ones you are no longer qualified for ) . because the skill was reset , you can level it up to 100 again , gaining character levels as you go . additionally , if you are not willing to give up your skill levels for more perks , you can simply complete the main dragonborn questline . the rewards at the end include an ability to reset the perks on a tree at a cost of one dragon soul . your level in that skill remains as it was , but all the perks are refunded . it is not quite the same as gaining new perks , but it can be very useful for things like fixing mistakes , and also refunding perk points on crafting skills . you might not want to reset your enchanting , in case you need it again , but you can reassign the perk points for a while . if you need your enchanting perks again , a quick trip to solstheim and a couple dragon souls is all it takes .
because master yi cannot be slowed , he does not receive the debuff or any stacks , preventing him from being stunned . http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2052671
execution if a champion dies and has not been damaged or debuffed by another champion in the last 10 seconds , it is an execution . otherwise , the kill is awarded to the enemy champion who last dealt damage . executions are generally caused by a turret , minion , or monster . an execution offers no gold but still gives experience to nearby champions on the opposite team . also from the wiki like 2 inches further down . so basically , if you exhaust an enemy champion at 9 seconds after the damage you dealt it gets reset . the only way for them to dive a tower or minion wave and commit suicide is if it has been 10 seconds since any enemy has inflicted any kind of debuf or damage .
the save file format used in skyrim for xbox , once it has been extracted from the xbox save file container file , is identical to the format used on pc and only needs its file extension changed from .dat to .ess . the game engines are also identical . so the answers to your questions are yes , yes , and yes .
i do not think the decisions really make a difference ; they are just there to let you develop your character 's identity a little . pretty much the same things will happen regardless of how you respond , but it serves as a nice aesthetic touch . if you want a reference , i quote the following from a review : the player is allowed to " respond " at certain points with one of 4 emotional responses ( positive , enthusiastic , negative , or angry ) . while this has little impact on the actual game , it adds a bit of the player 's personality into the otherwise mysterious silent character .
mutagens boost your abilities which allow a mutagen slot . you can loot one from a defeated enemy or you can create one as a byproduct of alchemy . to apply a mutagen , go into quick menu and choose meditation ( default key : ctrl ) , then select the character option and find an ability that has a mutagen slot ( list of abilities with mutagen slots ) . the mutation cannot be reversed . mutagens usually take one of three forms : lesser , basic and greater . each of these forms raises the characters statistics , but by a different amount : critical effects mutagen : increases the chance of causing critical effect . range mutagen : increases the range of the aard , igni and axii signs . vitality mutag : increases vitality . power mutagen : increases sword damage . strength mutagen : increases damage reduction . concentration mutagen : increases sign damage . madness mutagen : +2 armor , +5 vitality enhancement mutagen : increases adrenaline generation on hitting foe
try cmd+tab , cmd+m , or cmd+h .
on windows 7 ( and presumably vista too ) i found the save games in %AppData%\Vessel , which contains the .sav save game files .
the short explanation is that you stay in shadow form 95% of the time , throw dots on everything , then sit back and watch the enemy 's face melt . remember that you can still cast discipline spells , namely power word : shield . the only reason to leave shadow form is to cast an emergency heal ( or three , since they are going to be pretty wimpy as a shadow priest ) . dots you learn three main damage-over-time spells , which are pretty self-explanatory : shadow word : pain devouring plague vampiric touch if the enemy 's face is not melting fast enough for you , you can use mind flay or mind blast to speed things up . once its health drops below 25% , finish it off with shadow word : death . you should be able to easily juggle multiple enemies at a time by casting dots on everything , then using psychic scream ( or dispersion ) to keep them off you until they die . for me , this worked all the way through to level 80 where mobs started to get beefier . mana shadow priests get a lot of mana replenishment abilities . you will definitely want to use glyph of spirit tap , which replenishes mana when you kill an enemy using shadow word : death , and masochism / glyph of shadow word : death which replenishes mana when you do not kill an enemy using shadow word : death . eventually you will learn shadowfiend , a temporary pet that gives you mana when it attacks , and dispersion , which replenishes a bunch of mana and prevents 90% of damage for a few seconds . mind spike once you hit level 81 you will learn mind spike . along with the mind melt talent , this gives you an alternate way to open combat : instead of applying dots , you can cast mind spike twice then follow up with an instant-cast , guaranteed-critical mind blast which ( with paralysis ) stuns the target for 4 seconds . if the mob is not already below 25% health after that assault , you can just throw out another spike or a mind flay before finishing it off with shadow word : death .
if you only want to teleport people who are in a certain group , you can use the new scoreboard command to create a ' group ' of people ( using teams ) , and then teleport only that team with this command ( targets nearest player in the group specified ) /tp @p[team=&lt;internal group name&gt;,&lt;other params here&gt;] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  to set up your groups , you can create a group like this : /scoreboard teams add &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;display name&gt;  and then add people to this group like this : /scoreboard teams join &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;user name&gt;  the advantage of this system is also that you can use it actually to separate groups in the actual game . the scoreboard command has a feature that means that the display name of a team will be displayed before the actual username , appearing like this in the chat : [&lt;display name&gt;] &lt;user name&gt;: ...  more info on this system can be found in the wiki page linked above . changing the @p in the first command above to a player name will stop it from working , because parameters that are inside the [ and ] will only work for @p , @a , and @r . so you cannot substitute the first command above to /tp &lt;player name&gt;[r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; . it just will not work . if you really want to use the r parameter on a single person , try using the above method that uses teams , but only put one person in the team . here is a quick way to do this . type these into the command console : and then in the command block , to teleport that person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[team=&lt;internal player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  alternatively , you could just specify the name of the player in the selector . following the previous example , if you want to teleport a certain person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[name=&lt;player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; 
exhausting also reduces attack and ability damage : slows movement speed by 40% and reduces ( auto/basic ) attack damage by 70% and ability/item damage by 35% . and if you have improved from talents it also reduces resists improves exhaust to also reduce the target 's armor and magic resistance by 10 for the duration . source
maximum reputation is 1050 , with thresholds at 210 , 420 , 630 , 840 . numbers from coalesced.bin .
the achievements guide at xbox360achievements . org shows only 3 that require dlc : all cousins ( 80 g ) all presents ( 80 g ) astronomic katamari ( 90 g ) note that these are the only three achievements that say " download stages . . . " in their description , and they add up to the 250 that is standard for dlc .
in the brief description of the game on bandai/namco 's site and in the app store , the only extra life mentioned is at 10,000 points . this would be consistent with the original , as tzenes points out : you got only a single extra life at 10,000 and nothing more after that .
you can make a backup of your saves and then , reinstall everything . and then , recover the backup to it is place and test . if still with the problem : your lot or neighborhood got a problem/bug and needs to reset ( erase ) . check if there is an update for the game . it should help . something really strange happened and i can not help you :p
no , no penalty involved . i think the reason for the cast time is simply that you can not do this easily during busy fights . other than that , though , you should be fine .
in an article found here : rap sections use a combination of speech recognition and rhythm detection . essentially , not only do you have to get the timing right , but the words have to " sound " correct , too . try enunciating your words as clearly as possible so that the audio recognition software can interpret you better .
in most documentation i have seen it referred to as the " funny face crusher " hyper combo . it is only available at or above photography level 3 . it is an air grab move so your opponent must be airborne in order for frank to perform this attack . it is performed with a z on the directional control starting with forward ( towards your opponent ) ( forward , down , down-forward ) followed by 2 attack buttons . these details can be found on the character guide and on the wikia ( where they oddly call it " funny face circuit" ) this hyper is not mashable but you can actually net more hits and damage by spinning the joystick around repeatedly during the giant swing animation . funny face crusher leaves the opponent in an untechable knockdown state and frank can actually continue to combo after this move by using the heavy version of tools of survival . . . when continuing a combo after funny face crusher , always remember that the hyper will leave you on the opposite side of where you started . . .
@deutschzuid is right on . in diablo ii , rakanishu is a unique carver mob that always spawns next to the cairn stones in stony field . rakanishu is a super unique carver found in the stony field next to the cairn stones that activate the portal to tristram during the search for cain quest . ( diablo wiki ) it is also said by event mobs in diablo iii . an " avatar of rakanishu " makes a cameo in the dahlgur oasis and drops a unique named weapon . there is a randomized event in the dalghur oasis that is tied to rakanishu in diablo iii as well . several fallen members on top of a hill are seen performing a ritual at a stone surrounded by 5 other stones . upon destruction of the 5 stones , an avatar of rakanishu arrives . killing him prompts the optional objective to destroy the stone he arrived at , before the event is completed . the 5 stones surrounding the center are also a nod to the cairn stones from act i of diablo ii . the title shown when targeting the avatar of rakanishu is ' fallen demigod ' . this is most likely why the fallen ones sometimes utter his name as a war cry . ( diablo wiki )
i encountered this bug recently as well , and in fact you do not need to complete the quest without saving ( and good thing too , i was pretty underlevelled for it ) . all you need to do is make your way outside and save there . this seems to clear out whatever it is that was causing the game to crash , and allows you to complete the quest with quicksaves : immediately after the dreamstride , pull the soul gem that is powering the barrier out of the sconce its in . this takes down the barrier to the previous part of the temple . the npc priest of mara comes through the now clear corridor and blathers at you for a little bit about how amazing you are . run past him , up the stairs and out of the temple to skyrim proper . save your game while standing outside of the temple - can be a quicksave or a full save , does not matter . go back inside the temple and complete the quest . you will be able to save .
in search of the answer , i e-mailed the developer asking if the descriptions were random or some kind of encrypted message . here 's the answer i got : about thoses stones . . . who knows if it is random , or the wise legacy of some ancient , mighty and forgotten people ? who knows , when it comes to lost artifacts and strange magic ? but if i were you though , i wouln't lose too much time trying to understand it . . . if there is any bit of meaning in it , it is lost forever ; ) besides the developer playing coy with me , what i can deduce from this is that , even if the descriptions have some background in the game 's lore , they do not mean anything and can as such not be deciphered .
there are infinite nether fortresses in the nether . they spawn in rows every 200-400 blocks along the world 's north/south axis . once you find the first one , just keep walking north or south from it to find another .
yes , it does help . i have personal experience with it , but no links to ' official ' words on it . the basis is that i wear heavy armor and sneak only on occasion , and noticed once i switched to the steed , i was able to keep the ' running sneak ' active around enemies much longer . my sneak skill is low 20s , and had not increased before i noticed . i do not sneak much , so when i do on that character i really notice the difference ( i was actually removing all armor to try and sneak on him before getting the steed stone ) . as a side note , remember that weight is not the only thing that relates to sneaking . i have no perks on this character before or after steed to assist with sneaking . but there are several available , as well as spells/potions .
yes , you can . just try it out : create a level 1 hardcore dummy , then try to delete your non-hardcore character . nothing will stop you from doing so .
the monster does not have to die from the bleed damage . if they are under the effects of exploding palm 's bleeding , they will explode when killed by any means .
there are two major factors in determining how effective cc is . the first is mob type . rares and champion packs tend to resist the magnitude of cc effects - this is even explicitly stated on blinding flash 's tooltip ( elites get a chance to miss , rather than being blinded ) . likewise , bosses are also highly resistant to cc . diablo , for instance , can basically ignore the snare from a wizard 's blizzard . the other factor is difficulty - cc effects last less long on higher difficulties . at hell and inferno , stuns , knockbacks , and the like sometimes simply fail to occur in the first place . so to answer your posed scenario - sure , 4 monks could permanently cc a group of normal mobs - but a group of mobs in normal difficulty are not something you had need to permanently cc in the first place .
no load up this schematic using mcedit . it is a block transporter , pressing the button triggers the pistons to transport the block horizontally . sometimes , the block will traverse the entire system : sometimes it will stop at a random point some way along .
it affects only the level requirement of the item its on , and its already factored in when you hover over the item . so if you see a level 45 weapon with -15 level requirements , its actually originally a level 60 weapon .
it is not required in the same sense that most stats are not required . it is definitely one of the more beneficial stats if you have trouble kiting or getting out of the way of some attacks . it is definitely possible to survive without it , but you may beat your head against a wall more than once . the main benefit of movement speed comes from possibly being able to kite the faster mobs , and helping you out with late reaction speed or latency in terms of dodging attacks .
here are my findings . note that almost all of these are rare spawns and not always easy to tame . in my experience the red chocobo was the easiest to obtain and also the first you will have access to . seems to appear most often during sunny weather in grassy sections of the map ( eastern half ) . found in a treasure chest . on the western side of the map in the marshes . weather does not seem to affect his appearance or spawn rate . you have to use moogle throw on a green orb machine in academy hq . keep tossing mog in until he finds it . only spawns in the snowy areas ( not the tunnels ) , and seems to be more often when you are near a rambunctious chocobo . watch out for tonberry while searching for purple chocobo .
yes , you can ! to do so , you need to " infuse " the ring via the mystic forge , a process which will provide the ring an inherent +5 agony resistance ( which means you can slot an infusion for a grand total of +10 ) . the recipe is : the ring to upgrade 1 shard of crystallized mists essence 3 glob of coagulated mists essence 5 vial of condensed mists essence alternatively , the wiki mentions that pre-infused rings can drop starting in tier 3 ( 20+ ) daily reward chests . currently , the maximum agony resistance is 45 , 10 each from an ascended back and ring ( x2 ) , and 5 each from ascended accessories and from an ascended amulet . ( these can not yet be infused )
if you click on your dark treasure in the backpack , you can see which items can pop out of it . about the items in it : equipment , or cosmetic items , are items that can be equipped in the loadout menu of the customize tab . they have no effect on gameplay , and exist only to alter the look of the heroes and their abilities . equipment can be earned in a multitude of ways : they can be randomly found after matchmaking and co-op matches , by leveling up through battle points , by opening chests , or by buying them in the dota 2 store . there is also a small chance to receive an item of higher rarity by deleting items ( not applicable to chests ) . source : dota 2 wiki about the keys : keys cannot be found from random drops . upon purchase , they are immediately tradable , provided the user 's first steam purchase was more than 30 days ago so , in the end : items are just cosmetic , you can still trade them upon opening the box . you require to buy the correct key from the shop . some chests may contain a special kind of courier .
attach the gate directly next to the quarry and test for " work done " there is a specific pullevent you can pull to detect redstone signals : os.pullEvent("redstone")
from my observations , honorable opponent is only visible for the opposing team while the other 3 honors are only visible to your team , including yourself . teammate , friendly and helpful should be visible for you . if it is not , you do not have it . honorable opponent is not visible to yourself and i could not find any way to see it , so the only way is to ask your opponents ( not your teammates ) . update : the recent elise patch seems to have changed it so honorable opponent is also visible for teammates , which most likely means it will also be visible to the player himself .
players are speculating that it has changed to game speed time , which is approximately 1.4x faster than real time , instead of real time which is what is contributing to your increased apm . an official post from blizzard community manager kaivax actions per minute ( apm ) a number of players have noted that the apm calculation appears to have changed . we can confirm that there is an issue here , and we are working on a fix that should come with a patch after the release of heart of the swarm . furthermore , we have long had a goal of changing apm so that it is perfectly accurate with regard to real time . we continue to work on that , and intend to have more to say about that in a few weeks . --edit-- the guys over on the team liquid forum have been doing some testing into what is going on " there is some kind of the average apm inflation which occurs at specific moments in time . effectively at those moments a multiplier to average apm is added with cumulative effect . the most prominent ones are at 4:15 ( 255 seconds ) , 8:31 ( 511 ) , 17:03 ( 1023 ) , and probably 34:07 ( 2047 ) . usually at that time average apm is stable enough to see big swings and i also suspect the % value of apm inflation is higher ( 15-20% ) than during earlier ones . earlier moments of apm inflation are at 2:07 ( 127 seconds ) , 1:03 ( 63 ) , 0:31 , and maybe 0:15 and 0:07 but apm is too volatile at those points and the % of apm increase is probably less than at later periods . " http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=399526 personally , i do not bother using any of the after game stats provided by blizzard as i find them mostly useless . if you are really interested in stats i would suggest you check out sc2gears .
i had always assumed that it did , but to make sure , i just tested two cases in a custom game . i did these tests on the proving grounds for convenience ; the passive gold gain bonus on the map should not affect the results . in addition , i used greater quintessences of avarice and full points in the greed mastery for a total of +5 gold per 10 seconds . i proceeded to purchase a philosopher 's stone when the in-game clock read 1:00 . from here , i did one of two things . in the first case , i cast whimsy on myself whenever i was alive and ran directly to the outer turret . when the in-game clock hit 5:00 , i had 1923 gold . in the second case , after buying the philosopher 's stone , i sat in my base until 5:00 . at that point , i had 1917 gold . the minor differences can be attributed to the inaccuracy of the client-side game clock . in short , yes , gold per 10 items still tick while you are dead .
obviously , this is going to be full of spoilers for the endgame . i will try to break them down so that you can minimize your exposure , should you wish . i am not going to go into heavy details about story ( except where noted ) , just how the gameplay mechanics shift . after you use the chamber , the effects at the base are : you can no longer " scan for activity " ( ie , advance time ) on the mission control view . therefore , any research or foundry projects will halt , and soldiers will stop healing . you can not get any further money or resources , although you can build items if they are completed immediately . the only mission you can take is the final assault . the soldier who uses the chamber : will gain a new psi power - rift , which has a four turn cooldown . it generates a damaging psi field in an area for 2 turns , which will severely damage any enemies inside of it . it has a range similar to the rocket launcher , so if you plan on using it on the final mission , you should probably put it on someone who is not going to hang way back like a sniper . a front line trooper will probably get the most benefit . when you accept the mission : you must take the soldier who used the chamber . if this soldier dies on the mission , the game is over . the mission itself is fairly long , so pace yourself . at certain points aliens will spawn from nowhere , so be on your guard as you move up - you will be flanked as if by magic . expect to fight at least one of every alien , and at times multiple of the more challenging ones . the ship is broken down into rooms , and you must kill all the aliens in a room in order to proceed . after the mission ( massive story-related spoilers ! ) : there is no chance to continue the game further . also , the soldier who used the chamber will die , for what that is worth . since the only thing left is to watch the ending and the credits , this is not a big deal game-wise , but if you have a particular attachment to your squad , pick someone knowing that they are not coming back .
in no particular order : ability to form t-spin opportunities between ( or instead of ) tetrises ; this will let you keep a back-to-back chain going if need be remembering that you are in it to win it , not score big , so keep your stack at a maintainable level , usually below half the screen focus not only on finding great plays , but using garbage to your advantage ; it is remarkably easy to turn a row of trash into a t-spin double opportunity keep your stack even and know when to go into emergency clearing mode . avoid sharp towers like the plague because the banana peels will ruin your day . number 1 is important because if you can t-spin fast , you can completely ignore tetrises for garbage-sending . it also helps for #3 when you need to clean up garbage ; it is an easy way to get something back . two is important because a t-spin triple or tetris back-to-back will send you up six or so rows , which can easily screw you over if you are already high up . other than that , just be fast and do not lose your cool .
chains occur by killing multiple monsters of the same type . you start a chain of 1 once you kill a second monster of the same type . this causes you to get more experience with every such kill . the same type means the same color and kind - blue slimes are different from green slimes , but both kinds of red mushrooms will chain , for example . for example , suppose you run into a room and there are four blue slimes and three blue eyebats . you could kill them in any order , but if you kill all of the slimes first then all of the eyebats ( or vice versa ) , you will get more experience due to chaining . chaining does not time out , but it will reset whenever you kill a new kind of creature . in general , unless you have got adjacent rooms with the same creature type , you mostly want to ensure chaining within each room segment and not go out of your way to chain . you will get more than enough experience in this fashion . there are some exceptions to enemy chaining . these exceptions all are treated as the same as one other kind of enemy , but they cannot increment the chain count . they will cancel any chain that is not of their kind . note that while killing them can never increment your chain count for that enemy type , it will count as the first kill towards starting a chain . as such , you will want to kill one of these non-chaining enemies before killing the real enemies in order to maximize your chain potential , leaving the remaining to take advantage of your maxed chain . from the very beginning , one of the chest traps generates a ring of 8 blue slimes that spiral in and out . unlike the traps which simply spawn four normal blue slimes , this ring does not chain . starting in later dungeons , a lone rock-throwing gnoll may spawn as a line of 4 gnolls . only the original gnoll chains - the extra 3 gnolls do not chain . starting in later dungeons , certain kinds of ropers will summon a roper of the same color to appear in a room behind you . these summoned ropers do not chain .
after update 1.7_01 , doors would make purple particle effects when hit with any tool , hand , item , or block . this was fixed in 1.7.3 . &mdash ; minecraft wiki - doors i believe as part of the door duplication and door bug problems , the lower half bug has been fixed . . . 1.7.3: corrected a block duplication bug when using pistons . 1.7.3: doors no longer create purple particles . 1.7.1: the door duplication bug is back again , this time happening when a piston pushes on the lower half of a door . if it is a normal piston that does it , then the piston can be destroyed and the bottom half of the door works like a normal door . &mdash ; minecraft wiki - version history in 1.7.3 , the door duplication bug with pistons is most likely to have been fixed . thus , the ability for the lower half door to be able to exist alone in the world could be gone . . .
advantages to multiple meeting halls : 1 ) your dwarves will be more spread out in case of emergency/lever pulling/ new work to do . 2 ) your dwarves will not make friends with each other as fast , and may form friend groups that do not interact much depending on how your workshops/bedrooms are laid out . this is a good thing 3 ) traffic . a meeting hall with a one tile exit can be a bottleneck for traffic if everyone has to get in and out at the same time . 4 ) quarantine . deadly blood is contained to one meeting hall at a time , and worst case scenario you can brick everyone in and then take the time to flush it with magma . disadvantages : 1 ) setting up all these meeting halls and making them all expensive and lush is pretty time-consuming . personally i have well meeting hall and an enormous dining room and several smaller dining rooms spread around the fort so that dwarves with extremely limited remits can live in small burrows .
tweakmb is a tool that allows you to mod your game . it does many things , which includes increasing or decreasing the battle map size .
as thane , you will have a housecarl appointed who can act as your companion . additionally , the guards can be convinced to overlook a variety of crimes if reminded of your station . you will also be given a pretty decent levelled magic weapon on being named thane .
you can find this information here - how tent storage works in dayz - scare bears clan . this answer is current as of version 1.7.2.3 ok so rule 1: in a tent every item counts as 1 slot . that means your m4a1 is 1 slot , a tire is 1 slot , a jerrycan is 1 slot , anything and everything is 1 slot when inside a tent . storage is broken down into 3 different categories , each one has its own amount of storage space . weapons and tools ( including nv goggles , binoculars , and side arms )  10 slots backpacks  5 slots items  50 slots so an example of a full tent would be : 5 akms , 2 binoculars , 2 m1911 pistols , 1 nv goggles . = 10 slots 5 alice packs . = 5 slots 10 tires , 5 jerrycans , 20 bloodbags , 5 stanag ammo , 10 raw meat . = 50 slots . so as you can see it doesnt matter how many slots the item would take in your inventory , it only counts as 1 slot within the tent . if you attempt to place items into a full tent one of two things can happen . the item can drop on the floor near the tent or the item could disappear . so take care when placing items in the tent . my personal theory on items disappearing after placing in a full tent is  the items are placed under the tent or perhaps under the ground if your tent is on a hill .
i do not believe there is a limit . if there is one , it is quite likely to be unreachable . here is a screenshot of 5 simultaneous cyclones made using a 21% crit chance and several crits per second . you have to remember that not only do they only spawn when you crit , but it is also a chance to spawn . getting many more than 5 is very unlikely , they despawn very quickly .
the 2 second settle time actually is accurate for deployed mode for marksman riffles . with the benefit of higher accuracy . also , full settle time for any weapon is not required unless you have been on the move for 5 seconds . this works linearly , so if you have been on the move for 1 second , you will only require 1/5th of the settle time , for 2 seconds , 2//5ths etc .
it changes the ability it produces . 0 star : repair ( every 5 kills ) 1 star : smoke screen ( every 6 kills ) 2 star : decoy ( every 7 kills ) 3 star : air strike ( every 8 kills ) it is so cheep so you can simply choose which you want . note that the better abilities require more kills to produce
all three healing trees have some amount of synergy with crit , and will want to achieve at least some baseline amount . i have tried to use spell and talent names interchangably , often alternating between republic and empire talent names for the same effect . i always use both together the first time , and will generally alternate thereafter . mercenary/commando healers ( bodyguard or combat medic trees ) , will probably want to get to get enough crit to keep critical reaction/first responder up as much as possible . this is a 5% alacrity ( haste ) bonus that lasts for 6 seconds after a critical heal . since most heals for this spec are instant or 1.5 seconds to cast , and the lone exception is a 2 second cast . that means that you will want somewhere in the range of 25-33% crit to have an average uptime of 100% , and probably a bit more than that for it to be a sure thing . this is the only class for whom crit is purely a throughput stat . operative/scoundrel healers ( medicine or sawbones trees ) , get 2 energy back from diagnostic scan crits thanks to the patient studies talent . given the ' gated regen ' model and hot centric healing style of this class , ds is the primary ' filler ' heal , and is used to fill free gcd 's , and is an important piece of the regen puzzle that makes operative healing work . scoundrels also have substantial bonuses to critical healing further up the tree , making crit a pretty desirable stat . sorcerer/sage healers have the force surge or resplendence talent respectively . this causes critical ticks of innervate/healing trance to allow you to use noble sacrifice or consumption for free . both spells tick 4 times , and when used under the effects of force bending/conveyance , a sage will have a bonus +25% chance for each tick to crit . a decent baseline of crit from gear will minimize the frequency with which you find yourself casting healing trance without a consumption proc . this is important , because noble sacrifice is the sage 's primary regen mechanic - being able to use it without a health penalty or regen penalty is critical to keeping your force pool full and having enough longevity to make it through the fight . one thing to keep in mind in all of this is that you will always prefer your ' primary ' stat ( aim , cunning , or willpower respectively ) over either crit or power , as it provides both . furthermore , you may well find , especially in the case of the sorcerer that just this crit is ' enough ' for you . additionally , it is important to maintain a balance between crit and surge , as each of those stats make the other stronger . surge increases the critical effect bonus of your spells . an important thing to note about healing in tor is that unlike most mmo 's , there is no stat that directly effects the size of any healers resource pool , or the rate at which it regenerates . the only stats available are ' throughput stats ' that happen to function in a variety of ways . alacrity allows you to heal more often , but at a cost to your resource efficiency . crit allows your heals to provide much more throughput , but at a cost of predictability . power provides less risk , but also less reward - consistent increased throughput and predictability . another key consideration is that because of the resource model in tor , all three healing classes rely heavily on hots , and in the case of the trooper and agent , on a ' filler ' heal that has no resource cost , for which crit is obviously very beneficial . at the end of the day , healing is as much about style as it is about math , and different players are willing to accept varying amounts of ' randomness ' in their playstyle . adding additional crit will increase the variance in your healings effectiveness , while decreasing the variance in your regen for sages and operatives , and speed for commandos .
you can only apply a poison to an equipped weapon : it'll tell you that if you try to use it without having a weapon equipped . and you can only apply poison to one of your weapons : if you try to re-apply a poison after applying it to one weapon , it'll say you can not do it . however if you un-equip the weapon in your right hand and equip the weapon that is in your left hand to the right you can then poison it and then equip both weapons with poison . you can , in fact , poison bows . just make sure to equip it before applying the poison . this affects the first arrow shot through the bow : after one shot , the poison on the bow goes away . as a corollary to this , you can not poison arrows : skyrim will complain that you do not have a weapon equipped if you try to use a poison with just arrows equipped . and as beatme notes , with the poisoned perk , you can reverse pickpocket marks to poison them stealthily . as long as the pickpocket is successful , this does not aggro the mark ; in many cases , it'll outright kill them .
in general , all of the short-duration , uncontrollable summons/commands are incredibly useful precisely because they are on-demand meat shields : having the enemy attack something else while you finish them off is pretty useful , particularly if you and your followers are not cutting it . strength in numbers and all that . but command animal is particularly effective for two reasons : it affects nearly every animal in the game , and boy there are a lot of animals . you will be hard pressed not to find a place outdoors where you can not use it . when fighting a group of animals , it takes one of them out of the picture in addition to helping you attack the rest . so if it is 3 vs . 1 against you , commanding an animal makes it a fair fight . it is a decent substitute for the animal allegiance shout , so if you were planning on using it , it frees up your shout slot for something else . playing around with summons might not be your play-style : even conjuration is not for everyone . but if you are looking for a way to manipulate fights to your advantage instead of sneaking around or straight up attacking , command animal is a great racial ability .
healing weapons heal your teammates only , not your enemies . there is no way to deal damage with a healing weapon . if you try different parts in the weaponcrafting menu , the gun will show you the ' healing ' stat instead of damage ; you can use this to find the values you like ( i am not sure which one is the most efficient but i suspect it is beam ) . in terms of choosing different types of weapons , rockets will allow you have splash healing ( particularly if you use flak warheads ) which can be very useful in the blitz gamemode . rockets can also be used to heal yourself , but the efficiency of self-healing is significantly lower than when healing another player . beams will give you long range healing , and usually be more efficient as well , but require greater accuracy . rifle healing seems pretty popular as well , but i have never tried it . and pulse has the bounce shot effect , which can be an asset in enclosed spaces . rifle and pulse weapons can also be made into shotguns . choose the weapon type that suits your playstyle . experiment ! note that healing another player will also heal you , faster than self-healing with a rocket would . it is possible to overheal yourself just by healing other players
based on my research , no . there is no mention in the diablo 3 game guide , or the diablo 3 auction house faq , of any keyboard shortcut . moreover , there no other mentions of shortcuts in the general research i have done . hopefully , this will be added in the future .
there are nine treasure maps , found in treasure chests . they show hidden routes and solutions , usually for anticubes . use first four together towards the skull artifact puzzle ( video ) . use the next three to find hidden platforms . the map with the polytron logo is used in the candle room . the blank map has a qr code on the reverse side ( translates to rt rt rt lt rt rt rt lt ) .
magikarp should evolve at level 20 . possible reasons why yours did not : it is holding an everstone you pressed b accidentally and stopped its evolution there is a bug in pokemmo try taking the item from it ( does pokemmo have items ? ) and levelling it up again . if that fails , report it as a bug on the pokemmo forums .
i see no reason why you can not have a friend login in your old account and meet him somewhere where non-members have acesss to and trade the item there . as long as , of course , the item in question is not a members only item , then your non-member character can not do anything with it . this was of course like 10 years ago that i played runescape so a lot may have changed .
line of sight is your ally on this map . there is a elevated area to the northwest of your base with a few ramps leading up to it , try to place your bunkers/tanks at that ramp rather than in your base , also put up a few turrets to prevent annoying science vessels . as for the northeast entrance , send out a engineering bay or barracks out that way to scout to extend the los for your tanks guarding that entrance . if your tanks get off the first shot , you will beat them . with enough tanks , they will not even be able to finish seige mode before dying .
breaking flaming lasso requires either batrider or the victim to travel at a speed faster than 500 unit per 0.05 sec . the distance does not matter as long as you break that speed limit . exemple : if you use lasso one someone and the vengeful spirit next to him uses nether swap on him , the lasso will break since swap is a pseudo blink and thus the swapped unit gets a really fast travel speed same would apply with relocate ( wisp ) , glimpse ( disruptor ) , recall ( keeper of the light ) , test of faith ( chen ) or any ability that would induce a travel time faster than 500 unit in 0.05sec . in a similar fashion , if batrider uses blink dagger , the lasso breaks . forcestaff pushes a unit forward at the speed of 600 unit in 0.4 sec which is way too slow compared to the speed required to break lasso ( 500units/0.05sec ) . so by forcestaffing , batrider should never break its lasso . as for your second interrogation , the damage of firefly is dealt per second ( at max level 80 per second ) . a " tick " of damage is applied every second and to this number is added a bonus for every sticky nappalm stacks on your victim . exemple : if you have 2 level 4 stack you will apply 80 + 2*25 = 130 damage per second with firefly . if you have 3 level 1 stack you will apply 80 + 3*10 = 110 damage per second with firefly .
gosu (  also coriander ) is a computer gaming term usually used to refer to a person highly skilled in multiplayer games like starcraft , warcraft iii ( rts/rpg - dota ) , diablo ii ( rpg ) , counter-strike ( fps ) and others . it has a korean origin and the term was widely adopted by gaming communities in korean , go su ( hangul :  , hanja :  , literally " high hand " in mandarin ) is used for a person with skill , usually in martial arts or in baduk ( the game of go ) . in the dialect of the gyeongnam province , gosu also has the meaning of " leader " . there are several english backronyms of the korean word , mostly originating in the starcraft community , including " graduate of starcraft university " , " god of starcraft universe " or " god of starcraft units " . source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gosu
competitive players do not drop cs , generally . on offense , a competitive player will time his aggressive pushes with two things in mind . firstly , he does not want to miss out on his own cs . that is the most important thing . secondly , he wants to try to push his opponent out of lane when his opponent should be taking his cs , so that the opponent misses creeps . on defense , a competitive player will be trying to make sure they are in as safe a position as possible when the creep wave is coming , so that they do not miss out on cs . the combination of these things does tend to make for lanes where both sides are essentially freefarming each other for long stretches , with occasional bursts of intense action . professional mid laners and adcs tend to average around 100 cs per 10 minutes , while top laners will get slightly less possibly due to roaming or due to the nature of their champion not being well-equipped to take every creep . edit :
the original final fantasy game for ios is a universal app designed for both the iphone and ipad . this game has not been optimized for the small iphone screen , making the text seem very small ( however fine on ipad ) . as you said , you are happy with the font size on final fantasy iii . in the description for final fantasy iii ( on itunes ) it mentions that it has been optimized for the 4 inch ( iphone ) display . optimized for the 4-inch retina display . this is why you have no had a problem with this particular game . there is no mention of optimization for the original final fantasy game , therefore making it " unplayable " . there is no way to change the font size in this game . if you have an ipad i would play it on that , otherwise there does not seem to be a solution to this problem .
juicessh is mostly a ssh client , but it also has a telnet option . it is the only telnet client i have found so far that supports color . telnet to nethack.alt.org if you want to play vanilla , and un.nethack.nu if you want to play unnethack . a list of other servers can be found on the wiki .
as jason mentions , four of the entries can be safely ignored , depending on your os . whichever ones will not install are the ones that will not run on your system . the four remaining ones are : civilization 4 , or " vanilla " civ4 civilization 4: warlords , which is the first expansion civilization 4: beyond the sword , which is the second expansion civilization 4: colonization , which is a remake of the original colonization for the civ4 engine unless you hate the things warlords and beyond the sword add , there is really no reason to play the " base game " civ4 . beyond the sword incorporates almost everything in warlords , minus a few scenarios . if you want the " full " civ4 experience , you might as well play that one . i did not like beyond the sword that much though , ( i think it was the tweaks to the tech tree , or maybe espionage ? ) so i tend to prefer playing warlords . colonization is a totally separate game , so it has very little to do with civ4 and its expansions . there is no " dlc " in the civ5 sense - during the civ4 era , the game got expansions but no standalone dlc .
difficulty increases the number of blood shards you get . the number you get will vary slightly each time . it is a random value within a range determined by your difficult level .
the biomes are randomly distributed . given the exact seed though , you can always reproduce the same world and biomes layout . third-part tools can exploit this fact to show you the biomes for any place in a world , whether it actually exists in your save yet or not . amidst is one tool that can do this for you .
first lets take a look at a comparison between annie , and a tankier character with similiar abilities . ( leona ) annie Base Health at level 18: 1752 Base Armor at level 18: 84.5 Base MR at level 18: 30 Base damage at level 18: 96.25  leona Base Health at level 18: 1996 Base Armor at level 18: 73.8 Base MR at level 18: 52.5 Base damage at level 18: 109  so by straight base numbers , although annie does have more armor then leona by level 18 leona has a much more balanced scale ending with more health and mr . leona will have more armor than annie until about level 10 which puts her at a good early game situation to be there for her carries and take more damage early game . in terms of item choices it tends to be easier to find items that fit the bill that buff armor and other aspects of your character than find items that buff mr . in late game so her armor deficit vs annie will be less crippling by then . utility : leona has multiple stuns ( all of her spells but shield ) that can be used on a whim with no waiting for a passive cd/number . her lance is great for iniation because it puts her right in the heart of the battle from brush or straight on . also , her passive can stack a giant enemy crabs level of damage onto opponents . so i would say overall leona adds a more dynamic aspect to a team giving them great cc and bonus damage output . example : her lance , shield , ultimate combo basically ensures a wonderful initiation to any team comp . keep in mind that sunlight is consumed by many skills . example : if leona used her lance and timed the shield well then a teammate ( ashe for example ) vollied and consumed all of those markers then her ult goes off resetting them for ashe to volley again consuming those as well . sustainability : her eclipse grants her +70 armor and magic resist which if used properly lasts for 6 seconds . on a 14 second cd that leaves her with 8 seconds of downtime between uses . so slightly more time down than up , but the benifit is great combined with the sunlight it applies to all enemies . not to mention as said before her base stats overal favor her in the long haul with mr and health and they also favor her a good portion of the begging and midgame in armor due to scaling . overall : i would not say that annie is nesesarily a bad choice for a tank , you prove some good points . however , i do feel in a realistic scenario a champion more suited to tank like leona will really bring more to the table for the team overall .
if you play on pc i would try the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks &lt;stage&gt; where &lt;stage&gt; is either 0 , 10 , 15 , 170 , 200 , 250 or 255 . i cannot tell you which one , but i can tell you that 0 would set the quest as ' not interacted with yet ' and 10 is the stage where you are asked to bring the book . so 0 should remove the quest from the log but would re-enable you to do the quest . therefore i recommend trying maybe even 100 , which used to be the standard quest completed stage . edit : setting the quest 's stage to 200 worked for kotekzot . this has been done with the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks 200
from my experience , 3 military is good enough for average defense , it allows you to hold out till you can reinforce . but for your style of play , perhaps 5-10 would be better , you do not want to many as it causes slow down in tech etc . . . , but then you do not want to get crushed . you should have more on the outer cities and reinforce from your inner ones , i try to always have 3 minimum in all cities , but does not always work , then any bigger cities up it to 4-5 . if you notice your enemies normally attack you with massive stacks , the only way to counter those are with a large stack yourself . have 1 large stack that walks between cities and does the attacking , then leave 3 units in all your cities for normal defense , remember if you suddenly get attacked at a choke point ( hopefully you have one ) you can always reinforce from your other cities , knocking them down to 1-2 stuff like that .
all slim models are identical . only the hdd capacity will vary . you can have the list of models here .
on a vanilla server , the command is /deop playername .
so you do not want to build colossus . . . how do you feel about 4 gating ? because you could just 4 gate all-in your way to masters . actually judging by the latest ogsmc vs white-ra , you could just 4 gate your way through the gsl this question comes from a very weird place : " i dislike playing colossi . " playing a lot of protoss myself this is a very strange statement , since i love playing colossi . they are fun to micro , they wipe out ridiculous 4 gate/3 rax play , and they make most zergs look like idiots . but then i read a little further in to your answer and i see this : " game into [ a certain ] meta-game " so you do not dislike playing them , you dislike having to baby sit them . i can empathize with that . i also dislike having to babysit my expensive high tier units . i think the problem here is not that you are building colossus its when you are building colossus . i am going to guess your bo looks something like : 3 gate pressure expand add on a robo and more gateways colossus this is a very common bo for many protoss : 3 gate expand into colossus . but it is not the only one . you could , for example do 3 gate expand into blink stalkers , or dt , or double starport . there are a verity of builds that can come out of a standard 3 gate expand ( or even the more risky 1 gate expand ) . so let 's talk about those , and how you can use those . lately i have been watching adelscott ( vs immvp , or qxc ) and he runs a very aggressive 3 gate expand into . . . more gateways . this seems kind of weird at first , as most protoss naturally evolve from there into colossus , but actually protoss gateway units can be fairly beefy in their own right . one of the keys to this long term , gateway based play , is upgrades . its not usual for a player like adelscott ( or liquid`nony ) to go double forge off two base to get as many upgrades as possible . this usually sticks them in a situation where they are up 2/0/2 to an opponents 1/0 or 1/1 . one of the big benefits of having an upgrade advantage is that zealots become extremely powerful when you have that advantage . i have seen pure zealot forces eat through marine/marauder balls , just because they were up 2 armor upgrades . the other key item for your gateway forces is the twilight council . i remember when liquid`nazgaul first demonstrated how abusive blink stalkers could be against egidra in a show match . blink stalkers are an extremely powerful force , and most players will now work them into whatever build they are going . what many people forget though , is that charge is just as powerful an upgrade . in addition to functioning as a gap closer ( and a free hit since patch 1.3 ) , charge is also a speed boost to normal zealot movement ( from 2.25-> 2.75 a 22% increase ) . this makes zealots a viable harassment option for unguarded expansions . while often dismissed , you can see how transitioning into 10 gateways off 3 base can make a very fearsome force , but that is not all it allows you to do . with the high number of gateways now , you can start supplementing your armies with dt . a very aggressive unit , dark templar can be used for mid-game harassment just as well as banshees . a simple pylon near your opponent 's cliff + observer means you can start warping in dt to their back door . speaking of observers ( which by the time you get 3 bases you should get a robo ) , do you know what else builds out of the robotics facility ( and is awesome ) ? dropships ! that is right , that old unit which was life changing back in broodwars because you could drop 4 zealots on someone 's mineral line . well , its still around . only they upgraded it and changed its name to warp prism ; but who cares about that , they also let you warp in reinforcements ! its like they took a bw unit , made it a billion times better , and everyone ignored it . what is up with that ? well ignore them , drop stuff . you know how dropships make terran annoying as sin ? well start dropping back on them . see how they like it , and when they do not make sure to take the time to lolz . and sure , when you hit late game you can always throw down a few colossus for old times sake , but chances are you will not get there because you will be too busy winning . ps , you can also go stargates , get 1 voidray , then 4-5 phoenix , and annoy the heck out of people , dominate the air , so when you finally transition colossus , his corruptors/vikings will be outnumbered . just a thought . . .
this map an unusual one . it starts with a lot of rat holes around your town , so you first have to defend from them . follow this advices : do not build towers right at the start , they will get destroyed before they get completed , it should not be the first step in the game ( unless you have a great tactic in your mind ) . recruit strong heroes , not rogues , and not only archers and clerics , you will need tough units at the very beginning . i will go with 3 warriors first , and some archers to have them leveled for future exploring . when you have 3-4 heroes at least at level 2 , recruit 3 rogues . do not upgrade any building yet , you will need the money for the towers . when a few heroes gain level 3 , build 2 or 3 towers , and place them between the most amount of rat holes possible . upgrade the towers as soon as you can ! , they are the perfect defense for this map . i usually place buildings aside/behind the towers , near the town center . as game advances and basic towers get more expensive , focus on dwarf towers , but you should go with 4-5 upgraded towers unless game extends in time . construct/upgrade your blacksmith and market as soon as you see that heroes have earned money enough to buy stuff : build market/forge where heroes have 50-100 gold , go for market 's healing potion at first , then construct the blacksmith . upgrade market and go for the protection ring when they own 100-200 gold . this will bring you money enough to make expensive building upgrades like level 2 castle , upgraded blacksmith or dwarf towers . some heroes start with a few coins , and will go straight for healing potions or a cool weapon . do not buy mage/cleric equipments in the blacksmith if you have not recruited those units . also , do not upgrade their equipment to level 2 if they do not own money enough . it will be a waste of money . . . start exploring by creating 200-300 gold explore flags , find and attack dens as soon as you resist the rat hordes easily . this is extremely important if you do not want to drown in future ranging hordes of big rats and skeletons and maybe a few bearman . ( try not attacking the bearman den until map is almost cleared , they can kill some level 2 heroes with just one magic shot ) . when building trading posts , try clearing the surrounding area of patrolling monsters and nearby dens before doing it , and immediately upgrade them ! trading posts have some arrows at their level 2 to self-defense . if you can not clear the area around them , give 200-300 defense flag reward instantly to attract 1 or 2 heroes before the constructor peasant arrives and finishes it . you can remove the flag when completed . create parties to protect recently recruited heroes . parties walk/attack/defend as a whole through the map . i.e. to protect low level mages which are extremely easy to kill if alone or attacked from the rearguard , and too expensive to recruit/resurrect . heal your own heroes ( with healing spell ) when the game advances , watch 1-5 level mages specially , even if you purchased their whole building spells before recruiting them . mages tend to think they are strong enough when alone , but they are almost the weakest unit in game at low levels , thus they get killed frequently . before going for the caravan escort mission , upgrade everything in every building , even in the fancy market , every hero spell/ability/potion will be helpful to weaken and beat the rat king . also explore the map borders , some dens are greatly hidden and will give you some extra levels to your dwarfs , elves or mages . finally , when you attack the rat king , remember to use the healing spell on wounded units , otherwise you may lose valuable heroes for future maps . do not try to find the wounded heroes on the map , do it by clicking directly on the right top screen portraits and selecting the most wounded unit . it is good to know that your frosting and lighting spells will not work at all against the rat king . also , you can watch these videos from people finishing it , they helped me a lot ! for the rest of maps , the best advices for starting a map are . . . attack , explore , upgrade . do not focus on defense for a regular map . be a little more aggressive at this game ( majesty 2 ) than you usually are in others . attack , attack , attack ! start with the nearest enemies , do it as fast as possible , so every starting unit gets leveled as soon as possible and get some gold rewards . only stop attacking on exceptional cases , while defending your castle , market or similar . explore at the same time you are attacking , with two or three archers at first , spend money if you need so , they will give you very valuable information of your next possible enemies , and map in general . do not spend much money on towers at the beginning , just to cover your back . let units hold frontal town attacks , focus first on toughest enemies ( with gold rewards ) . if you find vampire yards , or other really hard units , erase them form the map before they start producing large amounts of unstoppable units . upgrade , do not forget it . you may have built enough units that leveled fast , but if you did not upgrade your blacksmith and market , you will be getting money slowly , thus not letting your units get better stuff as game advances , leading to a terrible defeat . keep them in mind , focusing your economy on the money coming from heroes buying items is almost essential at the late beginning . i think that , with a bunch of heroes still alive , it is better to upgrade your marketplace than resurrecting a level 10 warrior .
this data is taken directly from the geck .
no , zoltan crew members will only fill the available bars for the room they occupy , freeing up reactor power to be used elsewhere . this can easily be demonstrated by the zoltan cruiser type a , by moving the all three starting zoltan crew members into the engine room , which by default only has 1 bar : the energy provided by the zoltan in the engine room will not exceed the limit of the system they are in . if you have upgraded weapons to maximum ( 8 bars ) and cram the room full of zoltan , all that would happen is that 4/8 bars are being powered by the crew , freeing up your reactor to power other systems . it should be noted that the piloting , sensors , and door control systems do not actually draw power from the reactor , and any zoltan crew placed in those positions will not contribute to your ship 's power levels . there is a benefit to stuffing more than a single zoltan into a room , beyond the reduced load on the reactor . as pointed out by @blackvegetable in the comments - the energy provided by zoltan crew is impervious to ion damage ; so two zoltan in the shield room will mean your shields cannot be taken completely offline by ion weapons .
yes , you could do that . returning a card to your hand does not change the wording on a card , so a minion with charge could attack twice in a round , at the cost of the mana required to summon that card twice . however , as you have noted , it might not be the most efficient strategy , but if you absolutely need to do 2 damage and you have a stonetusk boar in your hand . . .
for those of you who did not see the iem finals they are worth watching . i have moved the recap down below my explanation when faced with an early reaper harass , usually speedlings plus the occasional spine crawler and queen are sufficient . however , mass reapers are a very different story . mass reapers usually have speed upgrade putting them at speedling speed off creep . as a result you need to either get a good surround or engage on creep to win . the natural response to reapers is roaches , but without a speed upgrade or creep , reapers are just too fast . once you have roach speed ( and can use overlords to spread creep as reapers only attack ground ) you can usually shut down this mass reaper play . edit : marrow also suggests throwing down extra queens , which i think is sound advice . though the queens will not help with pursuit , they will help with extra creep , transfuse , and longer range if he makes a solid reaper push . likewise a creep crawler could not hurt , but will not help much as once he has 12 reapers he can almost 1 shot it . what made it so effect vs idra was the follow up with marauders . based on this its important to prepare for the follow up : have lots of creep banelings , as marines do too much damage baneling speed ( a lesson idra learns in game 1 ) since the ideal build for marine/marauder is banelings followed by speedlings ( or hydra ) , as long as you get your baneling nest out and upgrade speed , you should be in good position to deal with this switch and push on to victory . there is a good break down of game 3 by day9 if you want to skip ahead to it . as for the iem finals , allow me to give you some context . marrow ( who originally was not to be part of the iem championship but was brought in after bradok was denied a visa ) , plays a very aggressive 5 tech lab vs idra . idra is well known as a very passive , very good , zerg player who prefers to fight late game battles with a superior macro style . in this context , early harassment is a very good strategy against such a passive player as it denies him his economic advantage . in earlier rounds we saw sarans use harassment effectively vs idra and pushed him to game 5 ( its a best of 5 ) . so its not unlikely that marrow studied those matches when he decided on this build . i want to lay the ground work here so you can see that this was very much designed with idra in mind . the build itself revolves around 5 techlabs to push mass reapers and force idra to build a lot of roaches . ultimately roaches with speed ( or on creep ) beat this early reaper play , but the goal here is not to win with reapers , but rather to force roach production and follow up with a heavy marauder force ( which also require tech lab , so your infrastructure is in place ) . in game 1 , idra adapts to this change and pushes with a heavy baneling/roach/speedling force , and almost wins . its worth noting that as marrow 's eventual strategy is mmm , forcing a large number of roaches gives a very tiny window for victory . what is more , if idra had baneling speed upgrade at the time ( which he was researching ) he would have easily taken out the remaining marines and pushed on to win game 1 . in game 2 , we see the same strategy again , but with very different results . idra gets an early roach speed to shut down reaper play , and then follows up with mutalisks to shut down the marauder push . marrow makes a good last ditch effort with ghosts , but ultimately does not have the force . idra decides this fight with banelings ( speed upgraded now ) . in game 3 , we see a much more confident idra who counters the early reapers with just roach/speedling . he will go on to lose this game much later after a disastrous assault at 12:30 , and ultimately get steam rolled by biomech before he can get more than 2 ultralisks up . as idra strongly believes biomech is imbalanced vs zerg , its not hard to imagine a very defeated idra in game 4 , not playing up to his potential .
complete 5 missions to get a silver breakout badge . complete 15 missions to get a gold breakout badge .
you probably can not see it at the point of the game you are at . spoiler alert : it is probably in the swirling hurricane area that you can not see through on your map . you will be able to enter this area when you get to the songs / lighthouse segment of the game . once you enter this area , any goddess chests you have will show up on your map . either that , or perhaps it is in skyloft . check your map once you land inside skyloft .
make an army , which means dogs , fetish and that big dude , use vision quest , combined with zombie bears , and spirit walk with more duration . while getting an army that wil strike the immune foes you will have 3 cooldown , use zombie wall or grasp of hands to slow the immune foes . the you will get 4 cooldowns . use spirit walk and attack the boss with full load of bears , you can also do the same but instead of using spirit walk at the bigning , attack the boss untill it unjured , then use spirit walk and countinue attacking . for boosting this mathod u can use big bad voodo
for one thing , as you have noticed , all monsters will do a full heart of damage , even those that did less in previous dungeons ( unless you have the wafer , which grants damage resistance ) . this applies to blood donation machines as well . some special rooms ( the shop , and the item room ) are not present here , but you can still get arcades and gauntlet rooms . the secret room can also contain an arcade machine . the womb is also the first area to have bosses from previous dungeons in regular rooms .
come at it from the original direction ( not from the back as you are trying to do ) . you need to backtrack about one doublejump levitate leap to get to the higher shelf . once you are up there , proceed to the vertical vine . there is a vine hanging across that you can swing on . orient facing before the jump - double jump to reduce lateral motion - try many times . this fellow manages to do it :
if you copied your character folders then it should be a matter of putting those same folders back into the dragon age 2 save directory as you found them . remember to also download all the necessary updates for the game . reference : http://www.gamespot.com/dragon-age-ii/forum/can-i-transfer-a-saved-game-played-on-one-pc-to-another-58410232
i just accomplished this myself . assuming you have already finished the main story mission for this area , return to the eastern portion of the map and kill the gold golem . afterward you will notice the surrounding molten river will turn a greenish hue . backtrack west to a small dwarven complex ( which you had to pass through to reach the gold golem ) . you will notice a gate leading to the blocked area is now opened . hope this helps .
the dremora markynaz is a level 36 dremora . problem is : dremora are rare in skyrim , and they are levelled . there are some in the shrine of mehrunes dagon and shalidor 's maze . now , due to the respawning mechanics , it is likely that the few areas that do contain dremora are fixed to levels that are way below the required level for a dremora markynaz to spawn ( both are available rather early -- labyrinthian - and by extension the maze - is often an early target , and the shrine belongs to a 20+ daedric quest ) . that said . . . on pc , you can use console commands to spawn markynaz via placeatme &lt;ID&gt; . replace &lt;ID&gt; by the respective id from the dremora list , and there you go . there might also be a way to reset the level of a location via a command ( resetinterior &lt;cellid&gt; looks promising but i can not verify that at this point ) .
turns out it needed more time . after a bit over 5 mins i got the notification about launching app from unknown source and launcher popped . on next launch it started immediately .
yes , its possible to deny heroes , but only under certain circumstances : friendly heroes can only be denied when they are under certain sources of damage over time , such as doombringer 's doom . you cannot deny a hero who is low on health but not taking dot . how is gold assigned to the enemy team : denying a hero will prevent the enemy from gaining any experience or gold from the kill , but your ally will still lose gold from dying . to deny a hero : most heroes can only deny a friendly hero by attacking them manually ( one exception to this is tiny , who can deny any friendly unit using toss as long as they have low enough health ) .
this is probably a bug . it may be related to one of the following links . ( thanks @jonathan drapeau ) http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=465974 http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=465889
it is not a timer , but a clock ( as you would expect to find at a train station ) . the time does correctly correspond to the night/day cycle , so it can be used to figure out how long you have before night/day .
depending on how well you have prepared , the consequences can vary from irksome to impeding to potentially fatal : without a source of clean water , dwarves are not able to wash themselves . this is irksome at best , as it does not even generate unhappy thoughts not to be able to wash , but you do not get the happy thoughts of having washed recently either . it gets a little more problematic when you have injured dorfs with wounds that need cleaning before suturing up ; infections can be nasty and fatal to a dorf . finally , if you do not already have either a good stockpile of booze laid in or a working production cycle of seed-> plant-> booze-> seeds that is putting out a steady supply of same , dorfs can in fact die of thirst during the winter days if there is not even potable water to fall back on . i highly recommend you make digging your first well a priority , as it spruces up that big main communal dining/meeting room nicely - and eating in a legendary dining room makes for big smiles .
tanky cho'gath cho'gath is not a killer . what i mean by this is that his role on a normal team comp is not to have the most damage . his mid and adc allies should be able to kill all the enemies . cho'gath wants to be in the middle of a group of enemies , being as annoying as possible . the more distracting you are , the less your opponents attack your carries , and the more time your carries have to kill people . having feast stacks makes you more unkillable . it is almost always worth killing a minion to get a feast stack as soon as feast is back up , unless you know that a team fight is imminent . the more damage you can take before you have to run away , the better , and feast stacks will help you do that . ap cho'gath ap cho'gath is not the optimal way to play cho'gath , to be honest . it is fun , for sure ( he is one of my favorite champions ) , but he is not going to be effective in a truly competitive game . for this reason , i think the specifics of timing feast when running this build are not as important . the only difference between ap cho'gath and tanky cho'gath in terms of feast timing is that you might want to be a little more conservative spamming it on minions when you are trying to go for kills . you still want to build stacks , but if you think you might be able to get a kill , then save the feast for that . just do not save it too long . you want to be using feast so that you can use it again asap . other stuff if you know you are about to die , and you have minions available to feast , you need to make a quick decision . you are going to lose half your stacks either way . if you have an even number of stacks : do not bother feasting a minion . if there is an enemy nearby , and you are a high level ( enough that it'll cool down by the time you respawn anyway ) , just feast the nearest enemy champion so hopefully your team can avenge you . if you have an odd number of stacks : feast the nearest enemy minion . you will have 1 more stack after you respawn , which will help you get up faster . additionally , if feast is up when you spawn , glance at your own jungle ( even if you are not the jungler ) to see if there is a safe feast choice . the sooner you feast , the sooner you can feast again .
if you signed into google+ before wiping your base , you can log into google+ to recover your base . ( ios users can also use gamecenter for this ) beyond that , you will have to contact supercell . they have got a faq page for this : you can submit a help request by sending a message from the game on your device . to send an in-game message , tap the in-game settings icon , select " help and feedback " , and then tap " report an issue " . that will assure we have all the necessary data to make the recovering process as quick as possible . for this , you will need to know the exact name , clan , level , and town hall level of both bases ( the one you wiped and the current , mostly empty one ) .
after a couple hours of testing i can confirm badp 's comment . neither a new forest growing into forest , nor a forest growing into ancient forest , will destroy any bonuses or improvements . ( and it hurt my fps ) to test this i modified a map to have every ( legal ) resource and terrain combo within range of my cities . i then used workers to improve everything and had high priests of leaves cast bloom . after that i saved the game and let it run for a couple hundred turns until every square had become ancient forest . at this point there were no missing bonuses or improvements . i then loaded the saved game and ran it for a couple hundred turns again , but this time i switched to a different religion from the fellowship because only fellowship civs can create certain improvements on top of forests . this had no effect on the results . again , nothing was destroyed . tl ; dr no .
it looks like i fixed it . the problem seems to have been the file Half-Life\valve\resource\GameMenu.res which got overwritten ( probably a bug ) in some way . reinstalling the default GameMenu.res fixed the problem .
there are several important reasons to consider using the culture slider : happiness do you want your cities to grow larger ? culture adds one happiness to each city for each tick used , by itself . if you have any other buildings that use it , theater ( cheap ! ) , colosseum , broadcast tower , then you get one more/tick . i generally recommend leaving culture on at least one tick after you get the option , the first bit of happiness is very cheap , and uses your buildings to their fullest . cultural border expansion each tick adds some culture to every city , this means your brand new cities ( or pre-owned cities ; ) ) start producing culture immediately , and grow to the important 20 squares within a few turns . if you are not playing a creative leader , this is also a reason i would recommend at least one tick of culture . cultural victory ! if you are headed for this , near the end you will probably be best off turning culture up as high as you can . in short , i recommend : use at least one tick of culture , use the rest to manage happiness .
are you a might/finesse/sorcery destiny by chance ? going the tri-spec route gives you +1 to all skills as a destiny bonus ( and it gets up to +3 at the higher levels ) .
check out this post . this guy 's comment is useful : there are 109 five star equippable items in the game , not counting trinkets . basil can have a recipe for nearly any of them , though there are a few that he does not carry . if he has five five star items in a typical tier 3 run , then your odds of finding the item you are looking for are around 5% . that is why it takes a while to find it . basil rerolls what he has every time you get there in a separate group . you could write down what he has from one run to the next if you like . it is mostly different stuff each time , even if it is not the item you are after . if you are in a hurry , try the auction house .
no , this was a feature of the early beta that you leveled your blacksmith by making things - however this was removed . the only way to level the blacksmith is with gold and later , blacksmithing pages . items will cost more to craft than to sell them back to the vendor . however , you may get lucky on the player-run auction house .
right now , there is not a way for doing either of those things . specifically , your second question is answered in more detail here .
no . they do not . the shape and position of the contacts is different . they are not interchangeable .
basically , you want to brace your goo structure against the platform you start on . build as close to the gears as you can without the swaying of the structure pushing itself into them . the last bit as you reach the top platform is timing ; you have to wait to the platform to spring back into the position you want to . it is hard to express it in words , so here 's a good video illustrating what you should do .
yes . cataclysm is required to train archaeology . the trainers will have nothing to teach you if your account does not have cataclysm enabled .
you take damage and " respawn " nearby . i think the damage might vary with difficulty , but the damage is the only penalty . it worked the same way in the previous 2 prime games .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
from the support document you linked : if you do not see the option to replay memory , this means you are already in a mission or at a point in the story where memory replays are not available you are probably in this state in the game . if you are mid mission you can either finish it or can abandon it by pausing the game and choosing to exit memory in the menu . when you are outside a mission , the dna option should be available in the menu .
the full list of mob attributes ( including horse-specific attributes ) can be found on the wiki . for your particular example , you need ' variant ' and ' health ' , e.g. : {variant:515 , health:28 , attributes : [ {name:generic . maxhealth , base:28} ] , tame:1 , saddle:true} health is current number of half-hearts . the maxhealth attribute is the max number of half-hearts . variant is calculated as base-color-id + markings-id * 256 , that is , 515 = 2 * 256 + 3 means base-color-id = 3 and markings-id = 2
it is not necessary . although the minimum amount you can add to the steam wallet is $5/5 , the remaining money past the purchase price will stay in your steam wallet . you can use it as part of the payment the next time you buy a game from steam .
looks like it might be a gradual change from not freezing at 122 to freezing pretty quickly at 127 or so . in the image , the large pool on the right is at 123 , then they step upwards to the left up to 127 at the far left . at the lower right , the pools are at 122 , 121 , and 120 . they have no ice , and the ones i made most recently , the highest ones , froze over the most quickly . just realized your question was mostly about snowfall ; this will occur at the same height that water freezes at . edit : after over an hour , this is how much has frozen . i recommend building ice trays and the like starting at block 130 or so , just to make sure you get quick and complete freezing .
yes , any wild pokmon ( with the exception of some legendaries ) you encounter can be shiny . however , keep in mind that without any tricks available to increase the shiny rate ( radar , horde battles , etc ) , your chances are low . even with the item for ' finishing ' the national dex , you are still looking at 1 in 2,000 or so . also , honedge are not the only pokmon in the grass ; even if we assume the chance of a honedge is equal to the other five ( it is not ; bulbapedia lists it as ' rare' ) , that would take your chances to 1 in 24,000 ( assuming a base rate of 1 in 4,000 or so ) . compare this with breeding : you can put an ordinary honedge in the daycare with another opposite gendered honedge , 1 in 4,000 ( again , roughly , assuming this is the base rate ) chance of each egg being shiny . take out one of those honedge and stick in a ditto ( or any pokmon from the mineral egg group ) that was caught in a different region , like japan , and your chance doubles to 1 in 2,000 . breeding repeatedly might get a little dull , but if you have to breed " ' till the cows come home " to get a shiny , you will be wading through the grass until the cows came home 6-12 times by comparison .
the krogan sentinel and solider are considered " rare " items for a reason . their unique krogan abilities are a charging melee and rage . rage is an ability that triggers when the krogan performs 2 successful melee kills within 30 seconds . this grants the krogan increased protection for 30 seconds . this effect can be renewed for each additional melee kill within the next 30 seconds . combining this with tech armor ( sentinel ) or fortification ( solider ) allows the krogan to become a bullet sponge tank . the power cool down penalty has less of an impact on a melee heavy game play strategy . that being said focus on weapons over powers . finally , the tech armor explosion helps minimize the melee vulnerability .
as shown here , the option is that you make a dive to try to catch her . but you miss .
you can use obsidian pipes to redirect the outputs of chests . take the following test rig : i have filled the chest with buckets , as a sample : if you pipe another item into the chest , it will simply pop out of the pipe , like so : fortunately , obsidian pipes do not connect to themselves , so you can use this to create a somewhat compact device to channel additional items elsewhere . here 's a possible system : the iron pipes will keep the items from flowing directly into the new chests , and the obsidian pipes will pull in items that overflow . you can also use more powerful engines of course , if you want to . this is all just an example .
solved it ! a meandering discussion on the talk page for the server . properties article on the minecraft wiki indicates that this is forge ' s fault . apparently it redefines spawn-protection to be a boolean that turns protection on or off entirely ( which you can not do in vanilla ) , and defines a new variable , spawn-protection-size for what the former variable means for a vanilla server . as a side effect , it appears that a server with the forge api installed will honour the default spawn-protection area of 16 blocks until you edit the variable , at which point it treats it as boolean and looks for spawn-protection-size instead , does not find it , and effectively turns spawn protection off entirely . so this is what happened to me then . adding spawn-protection-size=42 to my server.properties file made spawn protection work ( again ) as expected . redefining configuration variables is poor practice !
its 100% a glitch . so doesnt matter which color they have .
i had the same problem with portal 2 . how did i solve it ? well i had to manually specify my resolution . try this : in C:\Documents and Settings\Owner\My Documents\My Games\Age of Empires 3\Users3\NewProfile3.xml file , change [Setting Name="optiongrfxres"]screen resolution of laptop(for eg:1024x768)[/Setting]  source ( see the 7th post )
children advance at age 10 , becoming either laborers or students . they will only become students if there is a school with space available . students then become laborers at ( around ) age 17 . age , however , is not all that easy to pinpoint . on average , citizens will age roughly ever 2.4 seasons , or 5 times per " year " ( which is 12 seasons ) . doing the math , on average , it is 2 years ( or 24 seasons ) per 10 " age " , and 3.4 years ( or 40.8 seasons ) to age 17 .
as you can see the shop is a grid of items . commands needed : the command shop_nav_to_tab x is the column you want in x ( 0-9 ) the command shop_select_itemrow x is the row you want in x ( 1-11 ) example : you want town portal . this would be shop_nav_to_tab 0 and shop_select_itemrow 5 to buy items you need 2 more commands : dota_shop_force_hotkeys x activates shopkeys ( 1 ) or disables them ( 0 ) toggleshoppanel just brings up the shop itself building : we need to combine them all into one command : bind k "dota_shop_force_hotkeys 1;toggleshoppanel;shop_nav_to_tab 0;shop_select_itemrow 5;toggleshoppanel;dota_shop_force_hotkeys 0" would bind buying a town portal to the key k . you can bind as many items as u want to one key . just add them after toggleshoppanel: extras : for a better overview of the things you do you can use alias " namethecommandiwant " for example : is the same code as above ! you can just see the binding more clearly . the clarity combo would be the following :
the best way , is a mod called " sky-ui " . that redoes the interface and makes it very easy to tell the difference . besides that , your unfortunately stuck with the default menu options . there might be other mods for it as well . for 360 it would be stuck with the base options .
it generally has no effect - they all perform their jobs without any penalty . however , they do count as being in your court , and so get a bonus to plot power against you ( and disliking you , they are quite likely to join in plots against you ) . furthermore , your spymaster gets a massive bonus to plot power against you as well . definitely do not let someone who hates you become your spymaster .
turns out the computer had two profile folders ; one had hung around from a previous install . despite the errors about Failed on chmod action listing the new profile folder , it seems steam was looking in the library of the old profile folder for the appropriate data . deleting that user , then deleting local content and reinstalling from steam cloud fixed the problem .
in regards to weapons , the first number is accuracy and the second number is damage , as you and han already pointed out . the -3 ring of protection means that 3 is subtracted from your armor . rings and amulets of protection always have a number , and it always affects armor . i am not aware of other numeric modifiers on jewelry . armor items can also have numbers like this , which intuitively also affects armor .
no , the fruit which appears is random , there is no way to influence it .
yes , i just tested it yesterday . if a trevenant holds a kee berry , and is hit with a physical move , the berry will activate after the move hit and if harvest activates , the kee berry will be restored . consequently , after the next physical hit , trevenant will again have its berry activated ( thus the next stat raised to now is 2 level ) . i did not test for maranga , but there is no reason why it should not work similarly .
there is no need to actually click on the waypoint -- simply moving close to it is enough to activate it . this is a large visual and audio effect with pulses of blue light and sound , so it is very easy to tell when you have successfully activated a waypoint . in multiplayer , you can teleport to any other player , so even if activating waypoints does not unlock them for all active players , all you need to do is teleport to your friend to immediately unlock the waypoint yourself .
you should be fine . as shown here , the description for the insanity achievement is finish the game on insanity without changing difficulty after leaving earth . ( bold mine ) so , as long as you changed the difficulty while you were still on earth ( which you said you did ) , you will get the achievement when you beat the game .
i do not think a ' deleted ' object can be restored ( unlike a ' disabled ' object ) . from http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim_talk:console#undo_markfordelete.3f : there is no way to create a reversal for the markfordelete command that i have found in my research . i have not found a way to reverse this command once it is entered as it creates a permanent flag on the item to never render it or allow scripts to run for/including it , and it does not seem to be a toggle type command that can be turned on or off . the best way to think of the console is that it is the " master script " for the game that you are live editing when you enter a command : that is why all of the warnings on using the console for anything . this is no help to you , i know : i hope it is a warning to others though a thread in the skyrim steam forum seems to suggest the same thing . in the same thread , though , a user suggested to use the resetinterior console command ( resets an entire cell ) while outside the cell , to try the restore the deleted object in the cell . i am not sure if this will have negative effects ( although i assume it will ) .
poisoned is a misleading term here - what really triggers this is toxicity , which is increased the more potions you drink at one time . the toxicity of each potion varies , but you can see it when you look at a potion 's recipe or when you add it to your active potions during meditation . the bar that fills as you add potions is your toxicity meter . drinking a combination of potions that pushes your toxicity meter near the maximum will put you into a state where these bonuses are applied . we also covered potion toxicity in this question : how does potion toxicity work in the witcher 2 ?
the mana flower will select restoration potions to refill mana . . . but only if you do not have the potion sickness debuff in the first place . this means it will not let you bypass the cooldown on health restoration items .
yes . ever since ruby and sapphire , if you knock out or flee from a legendary pokmon or ( starting in hgss ) a fixed-location pokmon like r36 's sudowoodo , the pokmon will reappear after the next time you defeat the elite four and champion ; if you defeat them again , they will reappear again after you enter the hall of fame once more , and so on until you finally capture them . in the case of the swords of justice ( cobalion , terrakion , and virizion ) in b2w2 , according to bulbapedia , they all reappear in the same location at a higher level : while they are all level 45 the first time you encounter them , if you do not catch them the first time , they go up to level 65 .
i used mcedit to do the same task as you . i am pretty sure block-selection is the only way to do it right now , and in most cases you really have to deal with the terrain anyway if you are like me . i built a castle into a desert mountain , and that was hell to move , but i needed the terrain or else it would not make sense . one thing you might try as i did is to cut the chunk ( s ) the building onto mcedit is clipboard , create a new empty world , paste the clipboard , erase the extra terrain blocks around the building , and then paste the result into new location ( with air blocks ignored of course ) . finding the diff between a generated world and what you have built would not be that hard . . . sounds like an excellent project : )
there are no penalties . the panic will not change , and that is all that matters . you will still get an a on your council report aswell . i have confirmed this on ironman impossible , as i choose to ignore a downed battleship , and there was no negative outcome .
the item colors are : white = normal , blue = magic , yellow = rare , orange = unique any of the four colors with border = map with according rarity gold = special ( orbs , scrolls ) dark green = active skill gems light green = quest items you can find a list of known vendor recipes here ( spoilers ! ) .
afaik , this does not happen to me . i have captured all outposts , save am12 and i meet tons of wild animals , probably more than i met at the start of the game . also , i own two signature weapons , so that does not really affect their numbers either .
only you are affected by moxxi 's endowment . the other players in your team are not affected by it ( unless they also have moxxi 's endowment equipped ) . note : this seems to be corroborated by feeble 's answer at the related question , " do the effects of relics like the vault hunter 's relic stack in co-op ? " also , related , from an answer by mufasa at how does experience work in co-op ? : each player gets the same experience . it is not split between them ( like credits ) , but everyone gets the same amount ( like ammo ) . so , if you are the only one that has moxxi 's endowment equipped , then you are the only one that is going to get bonus xp , even from team kills .
yes , night stalker benefits equally from this false night as he does from a normal night or from his own ultimate .
it is worth remembering that even after defeating izual in diablo ii , he was never really redeemed - in fact , he took the time to give some extra villainous speeches in spirit form . tyrael was a fool to have trusted me ! you see , it was i who told diablo and his brothers about the soulstones and how to corrupt them . it was i who helped the prime evils mastermind their exile to your world . the plan we set in motion so long ago cannot be stopped by any mortal agency . hell itself is poised to spill forth into your world like a tidal wave of blood and nightmares . you and all your kind . . . are doomed . further , we know that it is extremely difficult to get rid of an angel or demon 's spirit just by killing them - tyrael took a mere twenty years to reform his body after being caught up in the destruction of the worldstone , while our good friend diablo and company persistently refuse to stay down . though i do not believe it is fully explained how he returned to form - his original fall is mentioned in the act iv lore books , but i have not found one detailing his second fall if such a thing exists - it is certainly not outside the realm of possibility that at some point he returned to the great evils again , or that diablo specifically sought him out on his joyride to go smash up the high heavens .
unfortunately , no . in my experience , there will not always be enough keys for every door . there will be a few times when you get 2 keys , but there will be 3 locked doors , requiring you to try and decide which ( if any ) door you want to open . the exception to this rule is the skeleton key which can be found randomly in the treasure rooms or challenge rooms ( kill x number of enemies after opening a chest ) . it awards you with 99 keys , which is enough to open all the doors ( assuming you do not get the bombs are key pill ) .
no , you do not get any rewards for the side quests other than the fact that you get closer to 100% sync -- if that is what you want . if you read the contract mission statements a bit closely , you will notice that there is some relation to the overall story , though not much . most of all though , they are fun . the contract missions are great fun because you get to try out some of the more exotic techniques . i still remember the first time i assassinated from a bench . it was hilarious when ezio sat him down on the bench behind him . try a few , then decide if you want to do them all or skip . edit : oh , i forgot the cash rewards for side missions . but it is easy to forget cash in ac2 , since you have way more than you will ever need .
i do not know if they will ever fix this , but here 's a list o things you can try , worked for me : used a wired keyboard ; remapped the jump key ; fps between 26 and 30 .
for anyone having trouble with this , the exact location is down the stairwell immediately to the right of the player marker . thanks to fredley 's answer and a little persistence , i was able to find it .
receiving players have no choice in what they get from the druid , and the druid has no choice on what they get from the player . it is all based off class . the most recent lists i have found ( dating from the 26th of july , as these have changed a number of times in the beta ) are below . the skill for the non-casting player : the skill for the casting druid : unfortunately links do not work inside code tags , so if you want to see the details on the skills here are links/tooltips for all of them .
according to the wikia , it increases overall health by 30 points . of the sniper rifles , the barrett . 50cal , as50 , l118a , and msr do 98 points of base damage . these rifles all have a 1.1x damage multiplier for abdomen ( lower torso ) . without a ballistic vest , this results in a one-bullet kill , with a vest it takes two bullets to kill . however , these rifles also have a 1.5x damage multiplier for the chest and head ; hits to these areas are still one-bullet kills . from experience , ballistic vests make targets much more difficult to kill with a sniper rifle .
it is used for an achievement and in the other hand it is easter egg . Achievement: "Bashanishu - Hurt Bashiok using Rakanishu\u2019s Blade."  rakanishu 's blade is a easter egg from diablo 2 monster rakanishu . bashiok is a monster created after an blizzard employee bashiok .
beyond gold , silver , crystal , and the modern remakes , heartgold and soulsilver , none of the flagship pokemon games have ever spanned more than one region ( though several have included isolated islands or otherwise remote areas ) . so " as far as we know " , only the johto and kanto regions are confirmed to be nearby ( and are , in fact , adjacent ) . as mentioned in bulbapedia , however , the first four generations are all analogous to real-life parts of japan , while the fifth generation maps to the new york metropolitan area , and kalos ( 6th and current gen ) maps to real-world france . i would not go so far as to say that the previous regions are completely ignored ( oak , at least , has made it to hoenn on more than one occasion ) , but beyond the previously mentioned exceptions ( and monsterous residents , which feature previous generation pokemon in their " national dex" ) , each region is pretty much distinct .
food has no effect on vigor or vitality . you cannot even use ( eat ) it . it can only be traded or dropped like any other junk item .
blizzard had posted this post which mentions that the initial installers had a bug . the post mentions : obtain the new diablo iii digital downloader using the links below eu english installer - windows eu english installer - mac german installer - windows german installer - mac point the download save at the same directory as before . the folder in question is your main game data folder . if you have the game downloaded to D:\Games\Diablo-III-8370-enGB-Installer , please point the download to D:\Games\ . do not use the automatically generated folder containing the installation files ( i.e. . do not use the directory d:\games\diablo-iii-8370-engb-installer as this is the one created by the downloader ) . if you chose the correct directory only 50mb will need to be downloaded to fix your install , otherwise you will re-download the entire ~7.6gb also , it is absolutely imperative that you download the same language and region client that you used to download the game after pre-ordering . in my case , i had downloaded the en-gb version of installer and game after pre-ordering . however , today while downloading the new installer , blizzard offered me the us version of the installer and because of this mismatch , it was downloading the whole game again . after grabbing the en-gb ( aka eu ) install client , it was able to detect my previous download .
yes techie 's mine are triggered when an invisible enemy unit walks on them . you can for example use lycan 's wolves ( lvl 4 ) to demine .
some sites when you register an b .netaccount ask you to change the portrait to one of the available portraits form the accounts rewards section . as the account picture can only be changed in game , the user logs in to their sc2 account changes the picture . once changed they tell the site to scan the picture again , if it matches the account is confirmed . this is how sc2replayed . com and wellplayed . org have confirmed my account with their sites .
there are a variety of tricks you could use , from a custom addon , to manually reviewing screenshot submissions . the easiest would probably be to request that the character log out wearing a specific , easily obtainable item ( selected randomly - think shirts , vendor weapons , etc . ) , and then check that the item is equipped .
it is not exactly a " wait " , but if the town you are in has an inn or a purchasable house , you can use a bed to " sleep " for a certain number of hours . bonus : sleeping will restore you to full health to boot !
to answer the first question : can i make a profit by salvaging items for their components , then using said components to smith my own items ? you can . early in the game , you can not really make enough profit doing this to make it worth the trouble ( unless you are just super ocd about wringing every little bit of gold out of every transaction ) , but eventually--especially once you max out your blacksmithing--it seems the items you can craft can be worth a fair bit more than the originals that you salvage . here are the results of a quick and dirty test i just did comparing prices of a looted fine azurite greatsword --> mastercrafted azurite greatsword and a looted crude sylvanite greatsword --> mastercrafted sylvanite greatsword . note that i am level 22 with maxed blacksmithing skill and 1 point in mercantile . first let 's start with some base numbers--sale prices of the original items and the base components in play : for the fine azurite greatsword , i salvaged and reloaded until i got the primary and secondary components needed to craft a new sword--the blade and the hilt . it took 16 salvage attempts to get both , but 4 of those times i got the blade and an optional component ( simple bindings or basic grip ) , and 1 time i got the blade plus both optional components . for the crude sylvanite greatsword , on my second salvage attempt i got the large sylvanite blade , the hilt , and bindings . good enough for me . because my blacksmithing is maxed , all items i craft are " mastercrafted " items , which means they get an additional effect that varies depending on the type of item . azurite greatswords seem to get +3% damage , and sylvanite greatswords get +6% damage . it appears that mastercrafted items are always at least green , even if you just use two components ( primary and secondary ) to craft them . i compared prices i could fetch for both types of swords when i used just 2 components , then 3 components , then all 4 ( i never attempted adding a gem ) . all components except the blades were the most basic possible ( crude hilt , simple bindings , and basic grip ) . here are the results : what is interesting is that the effects of the additional components on the sale price seem to multiply it by a factor of ~1.07 with each addition rather than simply adding the value of the base components . so it seems like it might be worth it to salvage lots of the junk you get early in the game just to get the basic secondary/optional components to keep and use later on to pimp out stuff you craft for sale--especially considering that , e.g. , the crappy iron gear is worth &lt ; 100 gold early in the game , but the parts you salvage can increase the worth of sylvanite and prismere gear ( i am guessing ) by much more than that . also , i should note that the 2 optional components for greatswords both have the same effect--+5 health . it is likely that value of the crafted item is calculated based on the stats of the crafted item rather than the value of the components that go into the item , so using different components will certainly give you different final values . i just used the basic components so as not to introduce too many variables . now--i wish , for this test , that i would had a crude azurite greatsword and a fine sylvanite greatsword to compare as well just to see for sure how much difference in the original sale price crude vs . fine makes and if the difference becomes more , less , or equally pronounced with higher quality raw materials . obviously salvaging crude and fine gives you a chance to salvage the exact same components--the only difference is the stats/price of the original items ( so you make a bigger profit off salvaging crude items as compared to fine ) .
use a skill swapping/changing move on each pokemon of the horde in turn until you find one with the ability you want . for example , skill swap - swaps yours and the opposing pokemon 's abilities worry seed - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to insomnia entrainment - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to your ability ( unlike skill swap , it does not change yours ) . their ability will briefly flash up on the screen ( before changing to the new ability ) , allowing you to tell which ability it carries normally . do not worry , their ability will revert to the original at the end of the battle . as for some pokemon that have access to these moves : sylveon learns skill swap on level 25 , carbink/solosis on level 40 budew learns worry seed on level 16 , pumpkaboo on level 11 . pancham/pangoro learn entrainment on level 42/45 respectively ,
currently , there are two school of thoughts on the demon hunter build : sustained dps crit hit damage ( this is the build i use ) sustained dps uses a bow with high attack speed prefers gear with ias , dex , crit chance , crit damage ( in that order ) . stands their ground more ( i.e. . less reliance on smoke screen , more on shadow power and damage reduction ) . uses base dps as comparison value more suited to group play with a tank . crit hit damage prefers a crossbow ( socketed one with high quality emerald if possible ) uses sharpshooter uses gear with crit damage , dex , ias , crit chance ( in that order ) . play style is more of a hit and run and caltrops spamming build . uses 100% crit dps as comparison value more suited to solo play . these two playstyles are rather different , and that is why their preferred dps comparison methods are different . for instance , my demon hunter has 150k dps with 100% sharpshooter , but only 50k dps without sharpshooter , so in a straight up constant shooting scenario ( assuming there is a tank who is got all the aggro ) , i will lose out to a sustained dps dh with similar quality gear , but in hit and run situations ( i.e. . solo play ) i will out damage them by a lot .
steam has recently introduced an option to queue up games to be installed through a web interface . make sure the target pc is running the steam client , then go to your games list on the steam website ( the easiest way to do this is to click community -> profiles -> games in the steam client ) , open the all games tab and click the install button next to the games you want to have installed . if not all of your games are showing up , click on per page : all at the bottom of the page . this is massively faster than going through the usual install dialog .
i use my shield and bash them during the wind up . this helps stagger them so that i can whoop it on . try blocking with a shield or a two-handed weapon , while they wind up hold the block buttton and hit the attack button at the same time to bash them , see if it staggers them or not .
short answer : no , there is nothing stopping a player from confronting dagoth ur right from the start , but you will need sunder and keening to actually accomplish anything . longer answer : ghostfence is fairly easy to get past . the gate is iirc openable right from the start , you can levitate over the fence anyway , and if all else fails , the scrolls of icarian flight can get you pretty much anywhere ; just use a second scroll , or any source of slowfall or to land , and you are done . without sunder and keening , though , you have no way to actually destroy the heart , so you will need to go grab those on the way . wraithguard can be safely skipped , as long as you have some way to survive the damage caused by the other two artifacts . that is not an easy thing to do , but it is certainly possible . a common method involves getting 100 pts of resist magicka , since the damage from sunder/keening is magical . the heart ring dropped by dagoth in the first fight is handy here ; even though it only lasts 30 seconds , that is more than enough time to destroy the heart . ultimately , the game can be beaten without ever having to fight anything , or even complete any proper quests beyond the tutorial . but doing so involves running past some very strong enemies without the levels or equipment you normally need to survive them ; look up morrowind speedruns on youtube ( or anywhere else on the internet speedruns can be found ) to see some of the ways people survive the run into red mountain .
the base materials each come in 5 tiers . for armor , the materials are : " cloth " ( sorcery-requirement armor ) : cotton linen silk hexweave spiritweave " metal " ( might-requirement armor , might shields , non-wood weapons ) : iron chainmail ( armor only ) steel azurite sylvanite prismere " hide " ( finesse-requirement armor ) : leather boiled leather studded leather trollhide dreadscale there are also wood components ( bows , finesse shields , staves , and sceptres ) and precious metal components ( sorcery shields ) . raven 's provided a list in his answer that i will not duplicate here . : ) salvaged primary components will always have the same stats ( despite being able to find " crude " and " fine " versions as random loot ) , but secondary components may not have the same magnitude effects as the original item . for instance , you might disassemble a set of leather gloves that had 10 defense , but get a 12 or 15 defense component from it .
ktash 's comment is correct , hold left-shift ( or whatever your hud key is ) and select the weapon you had like to switch to .
all user data is stored in My Documents &gt; My Games &gt; Sid Meier's Civilization 5 . copying this folder to the equivalent location on your new computer after installing the game will transfer your saves . you should double check everything has transferred correctly before getting rid of your old computer though !
as far as the game is concerned , landing a stun has the same effect as getting a silent kill . in other words , a single stun will increase a kill streak score ( silent or otherwise ) by one . so yes absolutely , stuns count in your kill streaks . has been that way since revelations .
there are a couple of achievements associated with synchronization : perfect recall - for achieving 100% sync in an entire sequence il principe - for achieving 100% sync in the entire game , plus the da vinci disappearance dlc ( requires the aforementioned dlc ) each sequence also has an associated cheat that is unlocked for 100% sync , which can be used in single player . you can only use cheats while replaying a mission , so they are really more for replay value than for making your life easier . there are also a series of " repressed memories " that you unlock as you increase your " overall " synchronization , and completing missions with 100% sync is a good way to increase this total . however , the last one of these is unlocked at 75% total synchronization , so 100%'ing the entire game is not required . these memories are from before ezio became an assassin , and center around his relationship with cristina vespucci .
in order to get to the combat simulator , you need to beat the main story of the dlc . after completion , you will be sent an email with a complimentary pass to compete in the simulator . when you have read the email , proceed to the armax arena and talk to the hologram up the stairs and to the left . when you are finished talking to the hologram , head down the stairs , in the center of the room , with a barrier , that says , ' athletes only ' , to a terminal where you can set your options and begin combat missions in the simulator . from there , you will get various requests after completing some matches , and it is the " unusual scores " request that leads to discovering the strange occurrence , and thus getting the achievement .
they are stored locally , as explained on the minecraft wiki : you can reset all of your achievements by deleting the " stats " folder in the . minecraft app data folder . ( warning : also resets statistics )
trackmania has a pretty unusual release/upgrade path , where three games have become 1 game with a demo . it all started with trackmania then came the second game trackmania sunrise which ran on an improved engine trackmania sunrise got an free upgrade to trackmania sunrise extreme then trackmania got an free upgrade to trackmania original which ran on the same engine as trackmania sunrise as a promotion for the trackmania games and the electronic sports world cup trackmania nations gets released for free . now we have three different trackmania games , and here is where it gets unusual . a fourth trackmania game , trackmania united gets released containing basically all content from the previous games . trackmania nations gets updated to the same codebase as trackmania united , and forever get 's added to the name , resulting in trackmania nations forever and trackmania united forever as the codebase , including the shared stages and the networking code between the games is now the same , trackmania nations forever is now nothing more than a demo for trackmania united forever and trackmania united forever includes everything that is in trackmania nations forever . ( afterwards , there was a contest and corresponding free update , which updated it to trackmania united forever : star edition ) so effectively , the trackmania now availble on steam , is an updated re-release of the previous trackmania games all together . the free edition is what used to be a seperate game , updated to be a demo of the full game . trackmania nations forever consists of a single stage ( stadium ) , first seen in trackmania nations while trackmania united forever : star edition consists of all stages of all the previous trackmania games . stadium ( trackmania nations ) desert ( trackmania ) rally ( trackmania ) snow ( known in trackmania as alpine ) bay ( trackmania sunrise ) coast ( trackmania sunrise ) island ( trackmania sunrise ) more information can be found in the trackmania wikipedia article
the neighbor current needs - if they badly need power , they will sell it very expensive or not sell it all . if they produce more than they can use , they will sell it cheaply . same goes for water , trash and others . your city needs - if you need a lot of power , they will sell for more , since you will probably pay more . surplus and demand , simply put . other deals you have with that city - if you have another deal that is favorable to them ( that varies a lot ) the price will probably lower . your city size - if your city is considerably bigger than the neighbor , they will charge more . if it is considerably smaller , they will charge less . that is in order of importance : city size almost does not matter , but neighbor 's needs matter a lot .
yes , b is the worst rank . the possible ranks are b ( lowest ) a s v ( highest ) from a vvvvvv wiki : in the time trials play mode [ . . . ] the objectives are finishing the level in less than the par time , collecting all the trinkets , and avoiding deaths . [ . . . ] if none of these objectives are met during a time trials run , the player is awarded a " b " rank . if some of the objectives is met the player receives a higher rank : " a " rank for one objective met , " s " rank for two objectives met , and " v " rank for all three . ( emphasis mine )
i believe nearly all , if not all of the sentences written around the game are quotes from the bible , and from as far as i can tell , many are from the fifth book of the new testament , the acts of the apostles , usually shortened to " acts . " in " the caves , " there is a quote from isaiah 17:1 ( king james version ) : behold , damascus is taken away from being a city , and it shall be a ruinous heap . the quotes that appear near the end of the game are specifically referring to paul the apostle 's conversion ( who was known as " saul " before he converted ) . they seem to be taken from different translations . in regards to the shift from third to first person , that is how his conversion was told in the bible itself ( acts 9 was in third person , acts 22 was paul giving a speech about his experience , and is thus in first person ) . the sentence written in the small shack on the way up to the cliffside is from acts 9:3-4 ( new living translation ) : acts 9:3 - ...a light from heaven suddenly shone down around him. acts 9:4 - He fell to the ground... the writing on the cliffside near the end is from acts 9 and 22 ( king james version ) as follows : acts 9:9 - And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink. acts 22:6 - acts 22:11 - And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus. before you get to this point in the game , you see shortened versions of these excerpts , like " i came into damascus " and " neither did eat nor drink , " which is what was written on the side of the large boat you saw . also , ' acts 22:0' is written on one of the rocks by the sunken boats near the beginning of the game .
there are no skulls on halo 4 ( similarly to reach , they are unlocked from the beginning ) . however , here are the names and what they do from this source . i hope this is useful . the details for each of the skulls in halo 4 can be seen below : famine - weapons drop much less ammo . tilt - enemy resistances and weaknesses are increased . mythic - enemies have increased health . catch - enemies are grenade happy ! black eye - shields do not recharge unless you melee enemies . tough luck - enemies always go berserk , always dive out of the way , and never flee . iron - co-op : back to previous checkpoint on death . solo : restart mission on death . thunderstorm - major upgrade to the capabilities of enemies . cloud - motion sensor is disabled . cowbell - acceleration from explosions is increased . iwhbyd - rare combat dialogue becomes more common . grunt birthday party - headshot a grunt , happy boom time ! blind - the hud and the first person arms and weapon are hidden .
i just finished the achievement . you stand in the sunbeams for just a second , and you will see your sunbeam count go up , i.e. 1/10 . you get the achievement for the last beam . if that is not working for you , make sure toki tori has been updated . i also made a video guide for this achievement :
the downloadable content for borderlands consists of the following ; the zombie island of dr ned mad moxxi 's underdome riot the secret armory of general knoxx claptrap 's new robot revolution all of this content is accessible when installed by using the fast travel system . none of these expansion packs have a real direct impact on the borderlands storyline , and several of them are designed specifically to be played after the storyline . for example , the secret armory of general knoxx is designed for players at level 34 to level 50 , it increases the level cap by 11 levels which will affect the main game , but generally you do not reach the level cap during a full play through of the original borderlands story . mad moxxi 's underdome riot is a challenge mode where you deal with multiple waves of bandits and bad guys without any real story impact but it will grant you one skill point for each play through as a reward . the zombie island of dr ned is a story by itself , dealing with zombies , but is not unlocked until level 10 and requires a character of at least this level to play the content . claptrap 's new robot revolution adds items that can further increase the size of your backpack , grant more skill points , and adds new areas to explore but again does not really impact on the main borderlands storyline .
sadly , no . while you can delete the 1.5 gb enUS_Cutscene.mpq file from your installation directory , it will get re-created once you launch the game . ( despite this , however , it seems that the cutscenes are not actually downloaded again . doing something that triggers a cutscene or watching one from the main menu will instead stream a low-res version of it from blizzard 's servers , youtube-style . )
venom hydra is more advantageous in almost every situation . while the pools of acid do less damage per second , they will stack on top of each other , and with 3 heads as opposed to 1 , this can mean that it is actually doing 54% damage per second in one location ( which can hit multiple mobs ) , or 18% in 3 different locations . venom hydra also has speed in terms of the fact that mammoth hydra 's flaming ground is fairly slow to reach it is target . venom hydra is the clear cut winner in situations where an enemy will stand still for extended periods of time ( like bosses or if you are grouping with a melee character ) , as the dps output on targets standing in pools is just insane . the only time that mammoth hydra seems to win out is if lots of enemies are queuing up ( say coming through a doorway ) , but even then , venom hydra can hit the first enemy , and when it dies , the second enemy will take it is place which in turn will mean it is now standing on the venom pools . so mammoth hydra is only barely better in this situation , while venom hydra is far better in all other situations .
shivering . gasping for air . must find her . the locket glows . must find her .
your edit pretty much addresses why some games are region-locked - because there do exist restrictions by companies . sometimes these are from a legal standpoint - for example , the hassle of differences in trademark copyrights ( the infamous reason why super robot wars never gets to come to the us ) . it also may be that there are laws against specific content in that country ( noting the examples you mentioned with germany and australia ) . sometimes it comes from a marketting standpoint . it may not be seen as profitable to market to the other audience - it might be expected that the other audience will not find it as entertaining , or may even be offended by the content . alternatively , there could be greater profits in the regional divisions based on local or international tariffs . consoles also face their own hardware restrictions , which generally are implemented along the lines of the above . the closing point is , region locks exist to enforce restrictions as defined by the separate regions . sometimes it is obvious legal points , others it'll feel arbitrary if not completely nonsensical . whatever the particular reasoning is , the nature of the restriction varies based on both the game and the region , which prevents getting much narrower than the above as far as a general explanation of why games as a whole get region-locked . it would be wise to figure out , perhaps with steam support or with another appropriate channel , what the specifics for prohibition in your own specific region are .
there are no unique items that can be disenchanted for the muffle enchant . i am afraid you are going to have to luck out and find a set of " [ any boots ] of muffling " to disenchant , which i will tell you now , is not easy . i easily reset a shopkeeper 's inventory 500+ times with no luck before i finally used the console to spawn myself a set of steel boots of muffling and took 100,000 gold out of my inventory . player . additem 92a75 1 if you want to do that yourself . source
the view of the classes you present in the question is way to simplistic . support provides ammo . this is especially critical on big open maps with lot of armor . most people play engineers using up their rockets really quickly ; having lmg with 3.4x + bipod , can provide accurate suppression fire at mid distance ( upcoming patch is going to improve that ) ; on rush maps can effectively suppress enemies preventing them from getting anywhere near m-coms . that can be done either with lmg + extended mags or with mortar ( later is going to be nerfed in upcoming patch - 4.8s reload instead of 3.5s ) ; can run up to tanks and destroy them with c4 , this is especially effective between buildings . and btw you say just " recon has a sniper-rifle " , which is big understatement . recon can set spawn point , which is quite important on rush ( well placed , can allow whole squad to spawn within defenders ' base time after time ) ; can set soflam , which greatly increases effectiveness of javelins , also allows javelins to shoot down aircraft ; can use mav to spot enemies far behind their lines . then support can pick them out with mortar . can set t-ugs near m-com , allowing defenders to react before attackers get chance to arm it .
i am going to disagree with both of your potential answers and instead suggest medallion of courage . while it does not increase your attack speed or damage , it does serve the same purpose of allowing you to gank by lowering armor . nature 's prophet ( when played properly ) is an extremely strong ganker as he can be anywhere on the map at once . his pushing will obviously be weaker as this does not affect buildings , but you can easily pick up one of the other two items later . medallion gives him the single target focus that helps him gank and also allows him to more easily kill roshan in the early game . the only time i would consider it a bad pickup would be against many heroes with high base armor or many agility heroes , as their armor rises much faster in the early game as they gain levels .
the way to earn money is by selling items . certain items exist only for the sake of selling and thus earning money ( see bullions ) . bullions come in 3 variants small - sells for 1000 medium - sells for 5000 large - sells for 10000 the way to get these items is by fighting . after chapter 3 , you can buy the reeking box item . on normal , it only costs 500 , and it is well worth the investment . with this item , you can summon undead , to fight against them . these fights usually yield at least 1 bullion and sometimes other items ( weapons , tomes , staffs etc . ) . they are also good to make your units stronger .
yes , it is currently possible to learn every skill available , and many people have . the only disadvantage to learning more skills is that there is a compounding 3% time penalty for every skill you learn above a certain limit . the limit is determined by your current level of the better learning skill . the effect of this is that learning many ' fast ' skills will make the longer skills later in the tree far more difficult to learn . the current maximum penalty is over 4x the base learning time , so for skills that take days or weeks , this can be significant . thus , learning some skills you are not interested now might penalize you in the future , should there be a long learning time skill that is introduced into the game later down the line . the game developers have said that they have many skills planned for release in the near future . one of these skills is thought to be unlearning , which will allow you to ' forget ' skills that you do not have any interest in retaining . it would take a fraction of the time it takes to learn a skill in order to unlearn it . the time taken to unlearn a skill is not affected by the aforementioned penalty and the unlearning skills themselves also do not add to the penalty . the skillifier is a tool i developed to track skill times and help you prioritize , if learning time is an interest/concern : http://agent86ix.github.com/glitch
if an items does 10 - 15 base-damage and you put in a gem that adds +2 min / +2 max the new damage range is 12 - 17 damage . before the patch , the calculation was exactly the same , but +2-4 damage is much more confusing ( in my opinion ) . the new wording just clarifies what really happens . edit : explanation of the old tool-tip : the damage modifiers of rubies ( and +X min or +X max ) on a weapon are calculated before other damage modifiers ( like elemental damage for example ) . within this , the +X min get applied first , taking our example weapon from above to 12 - 15 damage after this , the +X max gets added , resulting in said 12 - 17 damage . if we get another weapon with a very small damage range like 10 - 11 damage it works the same - but after the +X min is applied , we get 12 - 11 damage which does not make sense . as a result , the max-damage is raised to 13 and then the +X max gets added , resulting in 12 - 15 damage . we ended up with +2 min / +4 max . now , if we take a weapon with 10 - 10 damage ( no range ) , we theoretically end up with 12 - 15 damage again , which is +2 min / +5 max ( or +2-5 damage ) but this does not happen in game as there is always a damage-range , so this possibility was excluded from display . conclusion : the old tool-tip showed the theoretical maximum effect a ruby could have , which does not really happen in-game . even my second example only happens rarely ( only if you put a high ruby in a low-level weapon ) so the new tool-tip is much more exact .
you are just simply using a tediore manufactured gun . in borderlands 2 , whenever you reload with a tediore , your character tosses the gun away , which explodes and can do damage to enemies . shortly thereafter , a new copy of the gun digistructs in your hands .
there is no longer any jewelcrafting daily quests in mists of pandaria . it is instead replaced by daily researches that trigger a cooldown that resets at midnight server time . there are six researches you can do with 3 gems of your chosen colour , each giving you a recipe of the corresponding colour . these are : river 's heart imperial amethyst primordial ruby sun 's raidance vermilion onyx wild jade you can also bypass the one-day cooldown by researching secrets of the stone . it , however , costs 3 spirit of harmony , which is bop and quite difficult to come by without farming for it specifically . for meta gem recipes , you need to do dalies for the golden lotus faction . you will be awarded treasures of the vale , which has a chance of dropping spirit of harmony , one of these recipes and also the recipes for the jade owl and the sapphire cub ( if you are a pet collector like myself ) . the order of the cloud serpent faction also offers mount recipes for jewelcrafters at honored and revered reputation . the daily researches have no specific level requirement other than the one imposed upon leveling jewelcrafting . the ones that require you to complete quests with their corresponding factions are for 90 's only .
in this case it sounds like your play style is off because your build may be off . it is important to remember how you build , you are not going to beat a ranged carry in pure ranged dps battle . honestly you should use your range skills quickly and drop in as hammer form as you gain mana per hit and armor and mr passively while in it . since this is mostly a late game thing i will give you an idea on how your build should look in the end . trinity force : self explanatory , sheen proc works wonders with all your abilities and on hits , mana is vital to you , hp , ad , slow for the rare moments one of your slows are down , movement speed off zeal gives a fairly high movement speed even when off your stance switch ghost heart of gold/randuins omen : more hp to put on top of the trinity force , the gp5 for heart of gold early adds up especially if you grab a philo early on ( you should jayce ate some mana cost nerfs so he is hungry for mana ) . the randuins cripples the enemy team once you jump in with the hammer and the armor ensures physicals will not just eat you . merc treads : must have , need the mr to round out the build and the tenacity for when you jump in is vital banshee veil : i have removed maw and swapped for this after some gold efficiency charts and general theorycrafting . the flat health all the time is better than the shield on the basis it takes all damage . the mr is higher and the mana gives you more room to spam and fight in team fights . it also makes you virtually impossible to initiate on and most of the aoe damage you take in a fight is from magic . the damage loss is negligible on the basis you might actually survive the team fight . last whisper : absolute must have , for pure physical damage nothing trumps last whisper especially end game . at 30 armor on the enemy is does more damage than an unstacked bloodthirster and at 103 it does more than a fully stacked bloodthirster and it is cheaper . you may want this before maw , if so , grab a hexdrinker for the mr , ad and shield and go straight for this . completely up to you : this last item slot is for whatever you need to counter the opposing team . need to survive poke ? force of nature . want to sponge more damage and go in earlier ? warmogs . need more damage ? black cleaver/ie/bloodthirster this is by no means a build order , you may only want sheen early and then rush randuins . this is a final build idea . remember a massive portion of your damage is your skills and only half are actually affected by ad so building tanky early on can let you still hurt . as jayce you are the most dynamic character on the field and you need a firm grasp as to what your team needs from you . if they need a damage sponge early on in engages , you need to build for that . if they have got a nasty nocturne eating your ad carry , you sit by that ad carry until noc arrives and you knock him away with your hammer and leap onto him afterwards . you have got an initiate ? you throw your gate down and shoot your q into them and hammer leap in while popping randuins and eat their ad carry . do not forgot that your hammer stance gives you mana on hit and armor and mr passively while in it . for most engages you will want to start in ranged mode , land a quick gate followed by q as well as a sheen proc and the on hit mr/ar reduction from the ranged swap and then leap in on a squishy or keep a tanky dps off your ad carry with your hammer stance and the cc from it . i highly suggest smart casting with jayce otherwise it takes too long to use all these abilities and then join the fray , cause otherwise your tank/other tanky dps will die . if you notice this build leans heavily towards being a tanky dps , the reason for this is because his damage can all be put out in a fast barrage and then you can quickly close the distance afterwards . as far as being a ranged carry , jayce has one of the lowest attack ranges and no steroids besides a fast three shot . his dps is not so great honestly . he is more of a tanky dps that can attack from range . do not forgot about his ranged skills as you need to jump between using all of his abilities all the time , do not just aa unless you are nothing but cooldowns or are oom .
the -hp from items decreases the maximum health attainable on a lich .
after playing for a longer time , and analyzing it logically , i am sure the drawing is cheated . first , i almost always get ' next drawing chance ' or the lowest gold/food prize . i have only once or twice gained middle gold/food . second , there are 9 cards . the extra drawing costs 3 gems , and the biggest prize is 50 gems . it is easy to calculate , that investing 27 gems would give you 50 . it is certainly something no game provider would ever allow . so no matter what card you click , the system will only then make drawing , and surely the probability of winning higher prizes is very low , and what is worse , only game operator knows exactly how low . use the free drawing as soon as available , but do not invest gems . the system is so designed for you to loose money there .
having had another play around with the character creator it seems that although the outfit is based on the various stats you have chosen , it also picks - at random - between 4 or 5 outfits . you can test this yourself : set all your stats how you had like them - your character will change into an outfit . pick a stat ( let 's go with legal work ) and remove all the hours you put in . hopefully , if you had enough in the first place you will see your outfit change to something else . put the same amount of hours back into legal work . chances are you will have a different outfit to the one before . using this process i was able to cycle through the outfits available to my character and pick one i preferred . i can not find any definitive list of outfits but this should help finding the one you want .
since patch 1.0.5 ( released on oct . 15 , 2012 ) : " nephalem valor stacks are now restored whenever a player rejoins the last multiplayer game he/she was disconnected from " full patch notes : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/game/patch-notes/1-0-5
so , i looked as the link and here is what i saw : idra selects all drones ( by boxing ) idra sends drones past mineral line , then to a specific patch idra selects 3 drones idra sends those drones to a second patch idra selects 2 drones idra sends them to a third patch let 's see it in slow mo : its in 2 seconds he has split his drones in groups of 2 . its beautiful , like watching ballet
when fully retracted , pistons are two blocks tall in their respective grids . therefore small pistons are 1m tall and large pistons are 5m tall . fully extended , the piston is just at 6 blocks ( 3m/15m ) tall . http://spaceengineers.wikia.com/wiki/piston
use bob 's mine-cart station : and he is using wood and stone pressure plates to recognize empty mine-carts and all you have to do is sit in the mine-cart and it is automatically will push you , i used it , and it worked very well . for mine-carts stack you can you water flow like here : he made it really cool , but it is a none stop station . you can combine it and get exactly what you need !
items that are left on the ground are sold for their mana cost and split between the number of players . the same goes for mana that is not picked up . source : http://dungeondefenders.wikia.com/wiki/mana items left on the ground at the start of a wave get turned into mana and split between the players . if you lose the level you do not get the mana that is on the ground , it is lost because you lost the round .
i am making this community wiki : please -- anyone with more information feel free to add it in ! might affinity angelic alliance - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 4 . arachne - complete sidequest in necromancy campaign , mission 1 . assassin 's blade - buy from the altar of wishes . requires gold dynasty rank . blade of binding - complete sidequest in inferno campaign , mission 4 dragon flame tongue - wildcard ( see below ) edge of chaos - exclusive to preordering heroes vi . iron feather - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 1 . malathua 's cleaver - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . ( blood mission ) perfect silksword - wildcard ( see below ) silksword of the kirin - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 2 . souldrinker - defeat an enemy hero as part of the main quest in inferno campaign , mission 1 . sword of the griffin - unlocked as part of the main quest in the prologue campaign . sword of the wolf - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 1 . sword of whistlebone - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . magic affinity batu 's totem - buy from altar of wishes . requires platinum dynasty rank . heartrending song - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 2 . soulreaver staff - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 1 . staff of asha 's eightfold - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of cleansing - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of sandro - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 3 . staff of sar-aggreth - wildcard ( see below ) staff of the tides - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 1 . the oblivion - unlock from uplay with uplay points . thunder staff - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . will of urgash - buy from the altar of wishes . requires silver dynasty rank . wildcard there are a few spots on campaign maps that contain " wildcard " artifacts - guarded locations that contain a random artifact ( including these 3 dynasty weapons ) . as of right now , these " random " artifacts ( which change their contents each time the map is played ) are the only possible ways to get these weapons .
borderlands 2 uses steamworks , and according to chrisf they do not use any other special ports , so the standard steam answers apply . source steam client UDP 27000 to 27015 inclusive (Game client traffic) UDP 27015 to 27030 inclusive (Typically Matchmaking and HLTV) UDP 4380  dedicated or listen servers TCP 27015 (SRCDS Rcon port)  steamworks p2p networking and steam voice chat UDP 3478 (Outbound) UDP 4379 (Outbound) UDP 4380 (Outbound)  also , there are several isps which block ports required for the proper operation of steam and steam games : furthermore , steam has their own connectivity support doc with the basic check your firewall , av software , etc . that you could try here . the only interesting thing i see on it is starting steam with -tcp to force it to use all tcp ports instead of udp , if that is messing something up on your end .
no there is not . the only way to block/parry attacks , is to have either only one weapon , or a weapon and a shield , and then press ( and hold ) right mouse button .
yes . you can play any backwards compatible games ( which includes halo 1 ) via system link between an original xbox and an xbox 360 . you can not just connect the two ethernet ports together , however as the original xbox requires a crossover cable . you can however , plug them both into the same router . you will need a disc per console , as with any system link play . source - see tips section
i will do you one better . rent levels do not effect your morality over time . instead you get dinged initially ( when you set it ) , but when you change it back you can get that morality back . when i tested it , i initially set my properties to high ( as i needed money at the beginning ) but once i owned all of albion i pushed it back to low ; and my morality came back . now i can not be sure it was in equal amounts but it was more than enough to get me over 100% long before the end .
yes you can . i just tested this by buying and equipping 2 cheap uniques . even though i could not equip both on my character , i was able to equip one and give the other to my follower . i also tried to give my follower 2 of the same unique ring . he was only able to equip one of them , so followers also cannot bypass the unique equipped requirement .
i used Reducto ( the orange spell ) to constantly blast them back . that keeps them away long enough for dumbledore to finish his drinking game .
it is a bug . i get this as well . after the first chapter i am not sure what happened to the bad guy leader . i sometimes die when i reach an objective e.g. when my guy gets out of his car in the set piece his car lands on him and he dies . hopefully they patch it .
save up as much as the regular ip price for each rune you want to purchase . i would estimate based on the maximum costs for each kind of tier 3 rune : seals , marks , and glyphs cost at most 820 ip , while quintessences cost at most 2050 ip . seasonal runes fall in at tier 2.5 , which are at best as good as tier 3 . because of this , seasonal runes cost at most as much as their tier 3 equivalents , although historically they have cost less . for example , the quintessence of frosty fortitude available during christmas cost 1550 ip compared to the regular 2050 ip - a notable 500 ip less for the same stats . for some historical value , you can check out the list of runes to see what riot has done so far , and in particular the list of quintessences has the ip prices recorded . riot will likely never create a completely unique seasonal rune in terms of stats ; players generally frown upon any game-changing mechanic that is only available to purchase for a limited time , and riot has been very conscious of that . also , make sure you are at least level 20 in time for the event so that you have access to the highest tier runes . lower-level characters are not able to purchase higher tier runes in advance , although riot has more recently released tier 1.5 runes to cater to lower-level players .
remove the mods and restart the game to ensure that it is stable . then add the mods one at a time , running the game after every mod has installed . this will let you find the mod that is causing the problem . at that point , you can either investigate the cause of the crash or just avoid using that mod in future .
there is , in fact , an easier way to do this ! there is a specific area you can go to in the thunder plains , and cause the lightning bolts to hit the same spot , over and over . this makes it much more consistent to dodge , since the timing is no longer random and much easier to predict . the area is just outside of guadosalam . if you have activated three of the cactuar statues , the little ghost is running around just south of it . it looks like a little hollow , right by a tower . the trick is to walk just over the dip in the ground , and that is when lightning will strike . press x as you move into the dip , and you will dodge it . the timing is pretty generous , i have found ; you can move into the hollow , and press x before the flash , and you will still dodge it . then it is just run to the tower , loop around , and go at it again . doing it this way gives you one lightning bolt about every three or four seconds , which means it'll take around ten to fifteen minutes to amass the necessary 200 . note that you will not have any indicator that lets you know when you hit 200 ; you have to go to the travel agency and read the book to see how many you dodged in a row . but do not go there until you miss , because leaving the area will reset your count . to see this in action :
the propeller starts either by jumping and holding the jump button ( a or b ) or pressing the jump button for the second time after jumping and holding it , so the ideal height will be achieved either by using the first method or by using the second at the top of your jump , either way , once you start ascending , you will need to hold the button as long as possible to maximize your height . once you start the propeller and reach the maximum height or release the jump button , it cannot be used again for ascending until you hit the ground , you can use it to slow down you descent , though . an exception to this rule is when you land on an enemy and hold the jump button as you do so , you will get a small boost and you can once again use the propeller . if you hold the jump button this will happen automatically . also worth noting is that any way to jump higher otherwise can be linked to the propeller jump , for example , jumping from an orange trampoline/note block , a jump from a crouch position ( hold l or r button until mario grunts ) or wall jumping and holding the jump button after the last jump . as a side note , if you have a propeller hat and you have a wall nearby , you can ascend the same wall by constantly wall jumping and floating back towards it . using this method this can help you save yourself if you accidentally drop off a pit .
skyrim does not like custom keyboard bindings . especially if you changed m1 . to fix this , go into the controls and reset them to defaults , by pressing t .
levels , materials , costumes . . . all will be in lbp2 if you have unlocked them in lbp1 . you will start with your lbp1 pod design , too
there are several available on the playstation store . most of them are not free ( $ 0.49 ) , but it is possible to find free . you have only to run on the playstation store , select themes and avatars , and then selects avatars . the ranking is depending on the game .
thanks to the answer to this question , i was successfully able to use autohotkey to map the mouse right-click to a key on the keyboard , which gives me the ability to control the camera in the game . ( however , i have also asked a new question , regarding whether or not using software like autohotkey violates the guild wars terms of service . )
there are set times when respawns happen , every 10 seconds by default . so if you spawn just after the timer has reset you will have the maximum wait . wait times also vary by map and game type , so it can be anything between 5 and 20 seconds . from the tf2 wiki : team fortress 2 manages its respawn times in waves . the default respawn wave is 10 seconds . this would mean that players are spawned every 10 seconds . however , unless the server population is low , you will most likely have to wait for the wave after . in this case , the maximum respawn time any individual would have is 20 seconds . source : tf2 wiki - respawn times page
yes , they do . i got the achievement for beating isaac with isaac after doing it in a challenge .
bugs respawn like grass and monsters . there is no harm in killing them other than needing to leave the area and come back to capture them . ( plus the long-lasting and appropriate stain on your conscience . you murdered a butterfly . )
i have cleaned my ps3 vents several times with no damage done . . . i have discovered that the ps3 is an easy to open/re-assemble system . in my case i think is better to clean the ps3 internally . . . you can follow this video . . . it shows how to open the case of the ps3 in order to clean it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6a6v7llreifeature=related
i noticed that the game automatically saves : after buying or selling from a store when you have reached a checkpoint in a quest when you have finished a quest when you enter a quest area after you liberate an outpost quest is defined here as a story-mission , a mission from the job board at outposts ( hunting , assassination ) or a trial of the rakyat challenge .
well , it can slightly reduce loading time . however , reading from the dvd / blu-ray / hdd is not the only time consumming operation that can happen during those loading screen . in fact , it is generally not the longest operation . after reading the data from the disc , the game still has to : decompress it ( data is generally compressed to reduce used space ) rebuild cross-references ( between textures and models , . . . ) . . . those operations generally take more than half of the loading time . there exists some techniques to reduce this time ( streaming , . . . ) but they may not be applicable to all types of game , and they can be difficult to implement . game are allowed to use some space on the hdd as a cache of blu-ray / dvd ( both on xbox and ps3 ) . this is not that much used as installation ( either via the guide on xbox , or via the game on ps3 ) is generally a better option ( as the cache can be cleared automatically by the system after exiting the game ) . on some specific games , loading time can be drastically improved however . gran turismo 5 for ps3 loading time can be halved by using a ssd .
average used bandwidth is very low . i have not tested it recently but it used to be possible to run wow off a 56kbps dial-up link , implying a download rate of probably 6kbps or lower . the latency tends to be a much greater issue , as creatures/players may not be where your client shows them as and it can impact upon spell casting delays , etc . by the way , if that connection really is 256 mbps , that is faster than almost all of australia and new zealand plays wow at - that is 32 mb/sec , and we tend to top out at 10-20 mb/sec .
there is no visible buff , the only way to see that it is working is to look at your character sheet . you will be able to see your intelligence and dps at the buffed level , and then see it drop again when the effect wears off .
since the " vr support " list does not include the games that have the " oculus rift " banner ( as shown on your link to doorways : chapter 1 and 2 ) and the fact that none of the games returned by that search query have the same banner , it would seem that this is functionality that has not yet been fully implemented and/or it could be for games supporting valve 's own upcoming virtual reality hardware . however , there are a couple of manually maintained lists available ; this one on steam contains quite a few more games than are returned by the " vr support " search query but does not seem to be actively updated anymore , this one on wikipedia is about games in general that support the oculus rift , not necessarily games specific to steam , not specific to steam , but riftenabled is a wiki-like site that keeps track of rift support in games there is also the oculus rift owners group which may help you find out further information on which games directly support the oculus rift , but mainly seems to be full of tweaking games that do not officially support it yet .
all legendary equipment recipes are random , but the locations of materials can be found here . i found mine on manglemaw at torment v ( 70 ) .
at this time i feel that this question cannot be answered completely . zam ( torhead ) is working on building their database which will most likely have what you are looking for eventually . for the time being i will direct you to a thread on the swtor community forums . this thread is being updated fairly regularly , has names , levels , locations , coordinates , maps , and pictures of most of the world bosses that players have found and posted on the thread . the thread has also been stickied by a community rep so it is hopefully going to become/stay a solid list . you can view this thread here -> heroic world boss list
the award score is the total of the points received through awards in that round . awards include ribbons , medals , attachment unlocks , and service stars . the round you get a vehicle or class service star ( 10,000 pts ) you will most likely get top award score .
the starting skills make a difference of a few hours at maximum , nothing you really need to worry about . and i checked some characters of mine and it seems you do not get any skill difference in the science skills in any case . you get science 3 , and that is it . i also would not worry about the attributes , as you have a specific skill plan you should remap them immediately anyway .
yes , you can use the flamethrowers on the genki mobile . it takes 4 pedestrians being run over in quick succession in order to activate them . the 4 red lights on the back of the car will turn green ( from left to right ) as you run over pedestrians . get all 4 to turn green and the flamethrowers will activate . after a couple of seconds of not hitting any pedestrians , the most recently turned green light will revert back to red ( if the flamethrowers have not already activated ) . the flamethrowers only stay active for a few seconds ( all 4 lights will countdown and revert back to red ) , and will then need to be recharged again by hitting 4 more pedestrians .
i test it and the time is about ~1,5 sec . from start to first pipe ~4 sec . ( it is not as easy to check clock and play the same time ) when i would have someone who stop the time it would be more accurate .
if you go your steam library and select " add a game"-> " add a non-steam game " then find the executable for bf:bc2 , this will show your friends when you are playing bc2 . you will also be able to access the in-game overlay for pming your steam friends and using the browser . sadly , it will not show any details about the server you are on , just that you are playing it . this is the best you can currently integrate non-steam games into steam ( games that do not have a steam-activatable key , at least ) .
yes ! a simple touch of a button can switch you between first and third person . on the pc , this button is ' f ' . on consoles or if you use a controller , click the right thumb stick . it is entirely plausible to play the entire game in this view if that is your preference .
conrad verner makes an appearance on the citadel , coming up to shepard after you assist a doctor with his medi-gel station problem in the refugee camp . after you both exchange a few words , he will somewhat inexplicably shout at a supposed cerberus agent who will in turn fire upon shepard . verner will then play the hero , jumping to take the bullet for shepard in what to me seemed so awkwardly choreographed that originally i had thought he had set the whole thing up . however , it is a real threat , and he will die . unless you helped save jenna from chora 's den in mass effect 1 , that is . if you did , she will be there to interfere with the agent 's gun , causing it to not actually shoot anything . conrad will then realize that he is alright , and he will leave shepard alone to go use his legitimately gained life-saver status to try and pick up jenna .
try using the unrelenting force shout to knock him down from there . if that does not work and you are playing on pc , try using the console command tcl to noclip up to him or click him in the console and input the command moveto player .
from what it looks like you can not use multiple wireless controllers through cronusmax at once . although it does look like you can use one cronusmax in addition to 3 normal controllers . this provides information regarding non-hub controller support , but the original link does state that you can only use one controller through the adapter at once . so i am going to say you can only use one .
my response to the new question : your tv is probably telling you what the input resolution is , not what it is displaying . my response to the original question . . . a couple of possible reasons : you had have to have fantastic eyesight and be sitting very close to the tv to notice the difference between 720p and 1080p on a 32" screen . it is possible you are getting full 1080p on your screen but you just can not see the difference . some sources say that you need a 55" tv to see the difference between 720p and 1080p at normal distances from tvs . many ps3 titles are in 720p not in 1080p - are you sure you are watching a 1080p source ?
the game comes on two discs . they are labeled " disc 1" and " disc 2 . " there is a second disc holder that is snapped into the spine of the case and swings freely , which keeps the two discs apart . aside from the two discs , there is a little epilepsy warning card and a card with the game 's online pass . the cover art sheet can be flipped in case you want to see a picture of the " stock " female shepard on the front instead of the " stock " male shepard . i believe the multiplayer is completely on disc 1 , although i have not tested this exhaustively . the disc is not labeled as such in the case in any way . i had to switch between discs early in the single player campaign for one of the first side missions . going back to the main campaign , however , i had to go back to disc 1 . expect to switch discs at least somewhat frequently - this is not like final fantasy 7 where you hit a particular part in the plot , change discs , and then do not look back . each disc is a separate install if you wish to install it to your hard drive - you will have to go through the xbox 360 game install process twice . having the discs installed to the drive has not ( thus far ) removed the need to change out the discs .
i am playing a stealthy mage , and what i have found useful are the two enhancement perks to frost and shock spells , deep freeze and disintegrate , particularly for the reason you identified : fixing problems after enemies detect you . the biggest problem with destruction is that all the spells are loud and flashy : they do not fit well with a perfect stealth scenario . as james mentioned in the comments , you can use illusion 's quiet casting perk to mitigate the problem somewhat , but that requires a deep investment into illusion and there is been some concern as to whether it is really effective : i personally did not bother to invest in it . so , barring that , it is almost a given someone will detect you : you might be okay against single targets , but in a group , or in broad daylight , you are going to have to deal with some amount of detection . the trick is to encapsulate the problem and avoid the people detecting you from alerting others . with deep freeze , you can paralyze your opponent when its health is low , allowing you to finish them off . with disintegrate , you can just completely destroy them once their health goes below 15% . i have not bothered with impact , but it would have the same effect : stun the enemy long enough for you to do away with them before they can run . for the same reasons , you want to avoid the enhancement perk to fire spells , intense flames , which would cause your opponents to flee . picking master destruction is probably not going to be worth it either , as master-level destruction spells are area-of-effect and not very stealthy . in summary , if you are going to take destruction , you will probably want the following perks : novice destruction apprentice destruction adept destruction expert destruction ( to get the mana savings on the most powerful single-target destruction spells ) either : augmented frost 1 and 2 and deep freeze , or augmented shock 1 and 2 and distintegrate destruction dual casting ( optional , to get impact ) impact ( optional )
the biome generator has changed between different game updates , and the server is assigning a biome based on the seed , but not generating new terrain . i have several desert areas discovered during alpha that are now considered tundra or arctic , and are as such covered with snow .
loot drops are per-person . i just played a lan game for a few minutes and all the dropped equipment and gold was exclusive to me , unseeable and untouchable by other players in the session .
1 . do enemies spawn more frequently ? the enemy spawn rate is unaffected by the amount of players . 2 . how does money scale whenever a player picks up some money , everyone in party receives the money . whenever someone spends their money on anything , it comes out of their own pool of money , without affecting other players . 3 . do enemies have more health ? no , the health of enemies is unaffected by the amount of players . 4 . do items and crates appear more often no , and this is the main reason why coop is not easier with more people . the item and crate spawn rate remains the same regardless of how many people are playing and when someone picks up an item , no one else can pick it up anymore and only this player will receive the effect of the item ( with some exceptions mentioned next ) . 5 . what items have shared effect between players ? the following items work out of the box for all players : gasoline smart shopper will of the wisp 56 leaf clover happiest mask ceremonial dagger life savings the following items work for all players , depending on certain criteria : bustling fungus - the bustling fungus will not activate for all players , but if a player activates his/her bustling fungus ( stand still till shrooms ) then other players can stand on it and receive the effect . the effect is limited to the %hp regen that the fungus holding player receives . the hit list - all players see the marks and can kill marked targets to proc the bonus , but only hit list holders receive the tally marks and bonus damage . the warbanner - only the banner holder 's level up will activate a banner , but once a banner is posted , all players can receive its benefit . infusion - all kills activate the benefit of infusion , but only players holding infusions will gain hp . meat nugget - only the nugget holder 's attacks will generate nuggets , but all players can pick them up to receive the health benefit . snake eyes - only the dice holder gains the crit bonus , but all shrine fails increase the tally . time keeper 's secret - all players experience the time stop , but only the player who holds the item can activate . source
channeled abilities , in starcraft and elsewhere , have two primary implications : the unit can do nothing else while casting the ability . if the unit is killed/stunned/interrupted then the effect ends prematurely or the final result does not occur . this is true in starcraft , warcraft , dota , and many other games . it is interesting to note that all the games i can think of that use channeled spells ( and refer to them with that phrase ) are made by , or originated with , blizzard .
i agree that morgana counter for leona in lane is not great for higher elo ( see xpecial v kreppo in this game as example ) . as you stated her shields are to long of a cooldown and leona can just q the non shielded person after zenith blade . looking at the raw game data is useful if you already have a good understanding of lane match ups , but that does not provide any insight on why certain supports are good vs leona . it also does not encourage innovation in lane because everyone always plays what everyone else plays . the best approach is to know why leona ( or any champion ) is weak in lane/game and find champions or gameplay that exploits that weakness . here are some alternative champions if thresh and lulu are banned . alistar is an often an underrated support due to his melee and higher skill cap . he is great if you are freezing right in front of your turret . pulverize and headbutt into turret is super annoying for the leona and will keep her cautious with zenith blade . his roar also helps sustaining after the little burst if the stun does land . his biggest downside in lane is that he is not a bully , and he will take poke . leona is generally good with hard engage comps and alistar helps with peeling off carries and disengaging in teamfights . he is hard to master but definitely worth adding to your support arsenal . janna is also a great choice for the reasons you mentioned . her shield is nice for blocking some of the initial damage while providing time for the adc to get away . her howling gale is also nice for interrupting both leona and the opposing adc when the zenith blade does land . she provides nice harass if you have vision of bush and is good at aiding ganks with her slow and knockup . her biggest downside in lane is she is squishy and if you do get caught and your shield is down you are kinda screwed . in the later game her monsoon , movement speed boost and gale provide great disengage for the hard engage of leona team comps . taric . . i hate to add taric to any list but he is good against leona . his stun provides a great way to keep the opposing adc from doing anything when zenith blade lands . his heal provides good sustain after the initial burst . his shatter has a good armor reduction for leona as well . his biggest downside in lane is that he is melee and aside from throwing out stuns he is not much of a bully . his biggest downside late game is he is useless ( i hate taric as support so take the last sentence knowing i am biased ) . taric is great if your team is a catch comp but if its not he kinda just stands around shattering and throwing out heals/stuns in team fights . not as common but with a high enough skill i think would be pretty fun nami does not sound like someone you had want to pick against a leona , but give me a chance to explain . you will always be able to land aqua prisons on leona if she zenith blades ! your ebb and flow onto the adc will most likely bounce to slow either leona or the opposing adc while healing and increasing the movement speed of your adc . and your blessing will provide a nice bit of extra magic damage to hit leona as she is up in the air/running away . her downside in lane is that she is probably the squishiest support , and she uses alot of mana . in team fights she provides great disengage for the heavy engage with her wave and prison . the movement speed increases from her spells and the bonus damage from blessing will make your adc extra potent ! it may require alot more skill but she can be a good support vs a leona . soraka is again not great sounding but hold your judgment ! again this another match that requires a bit more skill but will frustrate your opponents . as leona is zenith blading in , land your infuse on her , silencing her and stopping the impending stun . soraka 's passive and blessing make recovering from a landed stun easier , as she heals for more on lower health targets . her bananas provide some nice harass while you are laning so spellthief will provide some extra income . her global is always great if you are not sure how great your other lanes will be doing . her biggest weakness in lane is her squishness and lack of engage . this will mean your lane will be more passive and most likely farming near turret , but this will frustrate the leona cause she cant do anything . in teamfights another downside is she is only good for silencing and healing . her ult heals are great if your against a pick comp or blessing if someone gets hit with some initial burst . overall this would be more of a fun comp maybe with an urgot vs a leona lane . another great alternative to a leona opponent is just avoid her . leona becomes pretty useless in 2v1 situations . they can either rotate to counter costing them farm , or deal with it . this requires a bit of teamwork ( solo q its hard to make this work ) , but a lane swap is a great counter to a leona lane . i may add more later if i think of any other fun , uncommon supports .
no they do not ; large habitats take up more space ( usually 1 block wider and longer ) and some elemental habitats are larger than others . when you try to upgrade a habitat you will have a chance to move the habitat and you will see it is new dimensions to allow you to move it to where you have space . large earth habitats are the largest and plant habitats are the smallest i believe . rainbow dragon habitats are actually even smaller but they are a special exception .
via a reverse image search of this piece , i found the game . it is called battleheart ( google play link | ios appstore link ) .
personal preference really . they all do the same thing , in different ways . as far as i have seen anyway , meaning i do not believe specific enemies have any weaknesses to specific spells . only reason that you need all three is that there is a point in the game you require the lighting and fire spells . that being said , the fire spell causes burn damage , but that is a chance to initiate ( enemies do not always get burned after you cast the spell ) . you get the fire spell after you defeat the first boss . ( the moonblood ) .
malborn is supposed to automatically move to a table in a dark corner of the winking skeever when you proceed the quest correctly , but if he does not , he can probably still be found around town . you may also wish to check the new gnisis cornerclub in windhelm ; it is where he tends to go after the quest is complete , and he may have ended up there early by accident . alternately , if you are on the pc version , you can try opening the console and typing prid 33f46 moveto player  this should find malborn wherever he is and move him to your location . edit : it looks like malborn does not even exist until the quest ; it literally spawns him in as you get the objective , and then attaches the correct scripts . if the prid command fails , then it is likely that malborn simply never spawned at all correctly . in that case , you can try either reloading a save from before you talked to delphine , or try using some combination of setstage mq201 30 setstage mq201 40  the first will reset the quest to immediately before delphine tells you to talk to malborn , the second grants the " meet malborn in solitude " objective . you may just need to run the second , maybe both , maybe just the first , and then talk to delphine ; without my own game showing the same bug , i can not be entirely certain .
fallout wiki suggests the following : if the player chooses to spare him , after the quest the end ulysses will hang around near the entrance to the canyon wreckage , where ulysses will help the courier make camp fire recipes . ulysses will also present new dialogue options , such as giving hints at how to deal with legate lanius and commenting on possible previous player actions in the mojave ( e . g . killing house ) . ulysses will also supply the courier with miscellaneous items he found in hopeville ( the courier 's mile ) , including rockets , rad-x , radaway , mre , and pre-war books . if he is alive at the conclusion of lonesome road , he will offer both the history and recipes of bitter drink .
edit : various rebalances in patches since the below was posted ( such as a particular spell 's damage per cast ) has made it inaccurate . i am afraid , therefore , that it seems that the author of the spreadsheet has taken down the link . a solution i developed a basic spreadsheet that allows you to find out all the above questions , and more . v1 provides a full workup of magicka and all related enchanting effects , and provides detailed damage info for destruction spells . a better vba model i was 30% through is on hold while i enjoy a dlc to my favourite game :d an basic example with my current mage : magistra circe mirror 1: skyrimnexus edit : the sheet is locked to prevent accidental deletion of a formula . you can unlock it ( no password ) under the " review " tab ( in excel ) .
once you set foot on ilos , there is no going back . you are unable to return to the normandy , so what you have got is what you have got . this is why the romance video ( if applicable ) plays during the flight to ilos , which bioware mimic'd in the sequel with a similar point of no return . that said , there is nothing earned from finding more salarian medals . it does not carry forward to mass effect 2 , and you do not even get any real acknowledgments that you have completed it . this might be one case where you have to look at your inner perfectionist , and get them to say , " eh , close enough " .
no . the only way to get a multiplayer key is to buy a new copy of the game or purchase an online pass from the psn ( or an authorized reseller , like amazon ) . the season pass only gets you the three dlc packs a little cheaper than if you bought them separately .
after a little researching on the web i can not find much evidence that the days passed has a sizable effect . from tvtropes . org : there do not appear to be any time limits on quests whatsoever . even when the quest in question involves providing first aid to a woman who got knifed and is lying on the street groaning and writhing in pain . the only thing i have found it to be useful for is farming reagents from trueachievements . com reagents are also on a 2 day respawn ( expect for seaflax which is 3 days ) , if your farming a certain reagent be sure to sleep in a bed to make it spawn again .
it seems that the sabre cat will never respawn , at least on the current version of skyrim ( 1.3 ) , due to a bug . the current changelog for version 1.4 states , under the bug fix section : fixed issue with ash piles not cleaning up properly i had previously waited over 31 days in multiple locations away from the sabre cat 's ash pile to no avail , hopefully when 1.4 lands i will be able to complete the quest .
mostly , it is an aesthetic thing so people can see how much you have played the game . you gain experience points towards your player level for pretty much everything that you do while playing . even losing a match grants you experience points , although not as many as winning a match . almost everything in the game is also unlockable simply through having a specific player level . there are alternate requirements for some things , but the developers wanted to make sure that even people who did not go out of their way to specifically unlock some characters would be able to get everything . if you beat the story mode and just play a lot in whatever other mode you enjoy , you will eventually have access to everything the game has to offer . it has no direct impact on gameplay , except that you may not be able to use certain characters until you unlock them .
you cannot change your stats or class in a new game plus . your class and stats and gear remain from the prior playthrough . your followers ' stats reset and can be allocated differently .
originally , it did not change any effects , but in the july 30th , 2013 patch , they added a new effect for apothic shield , which basically removes the transparency on the black behind the swirls : normal : with mace of the chosen : here 's a video of the new effect :
i do not know if it is possible , i had leliana joining but there was a black screen so it was not so much fun . . . maybe morrigan must loves you for joining . howewer you are losing nothing . really :p
the difference lie in the boats . navy troops are fewer than their land equivalent , making them weaker too , but naval ships are by far better than transport ships and also come in several variations . some of the ships can destroy an enemy transport by ramming it only once even frontally , others can be particularly fast , allowing you to flee from or intercept any transport ship . also , siege ships built in the harbour actually have siege weapons . a siege transport on the other hand only transports the troops that man the siege weapons , making land siege units pretty useless in naval battles ; similarly , a cavalry transport only contains the riders , not the mounts ; such ships cannot be built however and only exist as transports .
the game intentionally does not allow you to quit without saving ( or abandoning ) and does not allow you to have more than one save per fort . the idea is that there is no going back . losing is supposed to be fun . however , you can get around this problem with a little trickery . save the game . then make a copy of your game folder . then keep playing . if you want to load the previous save , just delete your current game folder and replace it with the old one . it is a lot of work , but it gets the job done .
for a short term solution , a powered minecart is probably adequate if you are not going up severe inclines . the extensive use of coal over long periods of time probably is not worth it though . if you are going to want to continue to use this setup for a long time , you should look into powered rails . they are more expensive to create , but they also do not require any materials for continued usage . if you go with powered rails , you will be interested to read this previously asked question
i think those people misled you . soul fire is not going to be your " main nuke " , no matter what . so , unless you want to use it anyway because you want to play an odd game ( a fine thing to do if you really want to ) , you had better stick with the correct spells to cast to achieve best results . since in wow what really matters to most people in only the raid boss fights during the endgame , i doubt you will find any serious ej-backed study about spell priorities while leveling . you have two ways to decide what is best to do . way a : do , as much as you can , what you will have to do once you reach the endgame ( link ) . it will not be the best you can do to maximise killing speed , but you will get used to some patterns you will have to follow when the things get tough ( i.e. . : raids ) . way b : do it yourself , i.e. read carefully the spell and talent descriptions , study the comments you can find around the net , try both on dummy targets and on real mobs what works best .
the reason behind this is the korean " cyber defamation law " forbidding users from making anonymous comments . one way of ensuring this requirement is for game developers to couple each account to a uniquely identifiable attribute for each person , in this case , their korean social security number .
log in with your eligible reddit account . visit http://reddit.com/f2p/steam and log in with steam . stare blankly at your newly acquired genuine string of metal . you will get the slightly better conspiracy cap if you were on team orangered during the event . this soldier was not on orangered , so he has to make do with the public accessor . he is not having a great time .
sadly , no . the games that support the xbox live vision camera are not natively supported by kinect . in fact , the two do not play nice together at all , according to this microsoft support article . the only crossover app appears to be video kinect , which can be used with either device .
you learn some information about the prothean war with the reapers , but not very much . his comments about the topic mostly focus on how his race got wiped out . with basically no more information about the reapers themselves . he does talk a lot about the way prothean society operated , how the empire spread , their views on race , culture , warfare etc . mostly you learn just how wrong the asari are about prothean society . liara is not impressed . i second him being a racist jerk .
your squad mates will use there power on what ever target you have your focus on ( indicated by the red corners around the target ) when you use there move/attack command ( default on pc is Q and E ) when bringing up the command hud ( default on pc is Left Shift ) you can change what target is in focus by moving the camera over other targets . other wise they will use them at will , unless they have a limited number of charges like grenades or you change the option for power use in the option> gameplay menu .
all right , now that the dust has settled a bit and the community has had some time to investigate thoroughly , the closest thing that we have to 100% confirmation right now is that all of the " unknown " navigators from my original question can be earned from score attack . ( there are scattered reports of other methods , such as mike 's answer , but none that have been verifiably proven to work consistently that i am aware of . ) therefore , the closest thing i know of to an authoritative list at the moment is as such : teddie : clear story mode completely mitsuru : complete 100% of one character 's challenges nanako : beat score attack mode with yu , elizabeth , naoto , and shadow labrys aigis : beat score attack mode with aigis , labrys , and mitsuru fuuka : beat score attack mode with yukiko , akihiko , and kanji yosuke : beat score attack mode with yosuke , chie , and teddie for those who are absolutely dead-set to earn these unlocks by hand without resorting to spending money ( or who wish to earn the achievements associated with them ) , note that you can slowly lame out a win against the ai via liberal application of the pause button . ( simply pause the game to see what move the opponent is performing , react appropriately , then repeat . ) i will edit this answer if atlus ever releases official unlock details .
valve used to show some statistic of team fortress 2 map at this page . but unfortunately they have recently removed maps statistic in favor of leaderboards and achievements only . another good source of tf2 data stats is tf2stats .net, but at the moment it shows only the popular maps and map saturation history . could be that in future they will add more info . update : i found a link to official Valve's Team Fortress 2 Stats via google : here . it does not contain custom maps stats , but only official maps .
as mentioned , they follow you for a time as they did the first time , and only after where it would have asked " do you want x to join your party " the second disappears . the brief bits of bonus dialogue are as follows : double templar after releasing and talking with the " warrior " templar : why have you come here , brother ? warrior : one of our number has forsaken his vows and joined the demonic coven that infests this fallen cathedral . templar : damn that traitor ! we will make him pay . after re-arming templar : evil cowers at the sight of just one templar . two will bring it to its knees . after killing jondar he simply waits at the top of the steps then disappears . double scoundrel after meeting the clone : scoundrel ( 1 ) : wait , are not you from the guild ? how could i forget a handsome devil like you ! scoundrel ( 2 ) : why , yes , of course ! it is good to see you again ! he simply leaves when you start his quest at the waypoint . double enchantress after getting the first quest from her : [ your ] enchantress : she seems very familiar . . . at the roadblock : enchantress : you must be one of my sisters ! how wonderful it is to see you again . after the bridge she simply leaves .
it is impossible to destroy the vendors . however , in fort frolic damaging the sculptures does cause a security alert . ( not the plaster sculptures but the big plant ones )
according to super smash bros wiki , olimar 's damage is stacked up by the different colors of pikmin . each color of pikmin has it is own variety of skill sets and advantages . the purple pikmin is the only color of pikmin olimar will pull for the home run derby which would explain the difference in power compared to a normal match-up where olimar would pull more than just purple pikmin . my resource of information edit : to further answer the question . olimar 's physical weight/gravity is not affected by pikmin however , the weight in damage is reflected through the variety of traits that pikmin have depending on their color . the number of pikmin do not affect the home run derby due to the purple being on the stage and will always be last in line . the number of pikmin do affect the normal battle because of variety of colors that are available and each color of pikmin having different traits .
" dangerous game " has a bug and will not disappear from your quest log when turned in . and quest items are indestructible ( fortunately they often do not take up an inventory slot ) . generally though , quests can not be dropped , you have enough room in your quest log for everything .
a guild earns exp through taxes for exp gained from killing monsters , but not for quests . apparently , when a player gains a level-up , the guild will receive 1% of the exp the player had needed to reach that level ( although it is not known to me , if this happens only for guild members that are donating exp , or if it happens for every guild member ) generally , it would appear that taxation only makes sense at max level .
you must press the railway bulding/removing key on the very first piece of rail , one tile above/below your flag . that creates a ( rather dumb ) bot for 100 coins that can collect 2% of the " victory resource " for you . these robots are not too smart , so do not throw anything too complicated at them . the rails just need to go from your base to the center and back .
use the keys for rudder control . by default they are num pad 0 and numpad enter . use num pad 5 to quickly center the rudder while taxiing . here is a good keyboard reference for fs2004 . http://www.nrick.net/html/fs2004_keyboard_.html
the most important things to remember are : the lore-master is not a damage dealer the lore-master is not a healer your role is crowd control and supporter , which means you check which target can hurt your group most and immobilize it , usually with your blinding flash which is your most important skill in every group and instance . you have to check that noone attacks this target so he will actually stay stunned . if the target you want to stun already gets attacked , just switch to the next important free target . priority targets are : strong enemy damage dealers anything attacking your healer enemy healers the second most important skill in your bar will be Share the Power which you can use to support your healer . especially in later instances your healers will run out of energy quite fast , especially in a less experienced group . i do not recommend pets in group since they easily attract more enemies than your party can handle . other usefull skills : beacon of hope to heal your healer in case of emergency power of knowledge to gain power you can then transfer to your healer sticky tar allows your casters/ranged players to kite the enemy more easily herb lore is especially usefull if there are too many enemies for your group to control , it allows you to easily root a whole group of enemies . keep in mind that it is useless against ranged enemies though . sign of power : righteousness is important against enemies that tend to stun a lot , in which case you should keep it up all the time on your healer . all the other skills are nice to have but in groups you have to master the above mentioned skills and make sure you fullfill those tasks before you can expand your play to use all the other skills . lore-master is an even less obvious character than healers , you usually do not see when he does anything , you only see when he does not do what he was supposed to do . i think the lore master is the hardest solo character since it is extremely weak in melee . the pets make it easier but you still tend to die quite fast if you make even a slight mistake . oh , that reminds me of another important point : the lore-master is not a tank , but can be used as a good fighter if traited right . so in some cases you do not need to run in circles , if traited differently though , it is suggested that you do run in circles
the system tries to match you up with similarly " ranked " players with the same available map packs . if it can not do that , it will try to match you up with players with a subset of the same available map packs . all of this is automatic and seamless . i have two 360 's and for a while one of them did not have the map pack installed . i did not notice a lack of games . my friends do not have the map pack , they join my party and we play as usual . no special hoops to jump through .
it appears that this is true . when i play the game , i try to have multiple employees with high numbers in a certain stat ( i have 2 high level sound people , 2 high level graphics people , etc ) . as you get farther into your companies career , you will be able to hire hackers and other people with very strong skills across the board , making this even easier . also , when choosing somebody to work on a job , make sure to note the Prev symbol that appears to the left of In or Out . the Prev means that that person has done that job on the last game you made - this allows you to cycle people without having to remember who worked on what last .
you seem to be doing only unknown maps in multiplayer . you can also play specific maps corresponding to those sectors . you will get a higher increase in that sector then and a smaller one in all the other sectors . the unknown maps have a potential boost of 5% everywhere , the specific maps a potential boost of 10% to that sector and less everywhere else . the actual boost you get depends on your performance on the map . the global readiness rating is just the average of all the sector ratings .
these kinds of games have evolved a great deal since the beginnings , and zork was one of the very first in the genre . you are doing a great job with your mindset , but zork is probably not the best game to start with , and despite being a classic breaks many of the " unwritten rules " of being a good text adventure game . it is generally considered a bad practice for authors of new games in this genre to include riddles such as " ulysses " in zork . this is because , even if there are hints in the game that will help solve the riddle , it is only fun on the first playthrough . it feels like much more of a time-waster than solving even the simplest physical puzzle in the game . it has nothing to do with logic , the basic tenet upon which these games are based . zork innovated a lot of things for the text adventure genre , but it is still one of the first , and because of this it still has its rough edges .
from the demon 's souls wiki : " diverts demons attention towards the remains , works well in conjunction with thief 's ring or cloak " . so you can use the soul remains to distract attacking enemies . they will be targeting the soul remains for a few seconds , afterwards they will continue attacking you . soul remains do work on black phantoms but not on bosses .
the ratio of crafting exp to character exp changes depending on your level and your crafting level . craft level 1-100: each craft level grants 1% of the exp required for character level up . craft level 101-200: 2% craft level 201-300: 3% craft level 301-400: 4% so , leveling a craft from 1-400 yields enough experience to gain 10 character levels , regardless of your current level . leveling all crafting disciplines to maximum will take a character to level 80 . interestingly , the experience gain is weighted toward higher crafting levels , so , for example , leveling all crafts to 100 would only grant 8 character levels , compared to the 10 gained by maxing out a single craft .
nope , gold and orbs must be run over ( within a certain range ) to be picked up and , like past diablo games , items must be clicked on within a certain range to be picked up . you can increase the automatic gold pickup range with magic items that have the range property . if you are out of range of an item , your character will move to a spot close to the item you clicked and pick it up .
if you are lucky enough to end up in a lake with rock or dirt sides ( not sand ) you can dig 3 sideways into the bank and 2-3 up to create an air pocket to jump up into : from there you can dig your way out . i have done this so often i can now do it in pitch black darkness . maybe i should learn to look before i leap . . .
open your start menu and enter regedit in the search bar . go to HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows NT\Current Version\AppCompatFlags/Layers find the registry for steam.exe and delete it . this should fix your problem .
yes , at least to all geth i tested on . headshots deal at least twice as much damage to geth , and sniping them makes their heads asplode . in multiplayer , the mantis iv sniper rifle fired into the chest of geth does about half their health ( bronze difficulty ) . headshotting geth with the same sniper rifle kills them instantly , and causes the same head-explosion that organics exhibit .
i can answer my own question . as of 1.2.2234 it is not fixed . i now have two copies of panna city medicine . when i asked the question , i only had one copy , but having been reset by the bug , i decorated 35 levels again , and was given a second copy of the floor . this event took place after the update fixing the reset bug . i put in a request for support to disney . i am expecting a personal phone call from mickey mouse any minute now . the negative here is simple : as of the current iteration of the game , there are not enough bitizens to staff all of the jobs . with the addition of panna city medicine , it creates 3 more job slots than the number of residential slots . adding a second copy , now compounds the problem to 6 total jobs that have no one to fill them . update from disney customer support : at this time we do not have the ability to adjust or alter your in-game content , so we will not be able to remove the second level . tiny death star 's extra levels ( that you can purchase from the menu ) were created so that you could customize your death star further . while you may have run out of apartment levels to staff your jobs , we hope to have more available in the future . if we add more , it should be via a new update so keep an eye on your device ! hopefully a future update will also include the ability to delete levels so you can get rid of levels you no longer care to have . if you have any other questions , please do not hesitate to let us know .
they do stack , yes . i stacked a couple of spell and potion countdown reductions so i am now sitting at 60% . once you cannot stack them anymore , the option for that particular power-up will disappear from the menu .
as best as i can tell , absolute position does not matter , but relative position does . by that , i mean that while it does not matter if your tank is on the right end or the left end , the tank should still be on the end with someone who can take a few hits next to him , because of enemy attacks which hit the target and anyone adjacent to them . by placing the tank on the end , the monster will waste one third of a cleave-style attack if it targets the most likely target . and by placing a high-hp ally next to him , the spillover is not so bad . as for the necromancer , he buffs a friendly target and both adjacent allies , so you want to group the characters who can benefit the most .
let 's first look a their abilities corpser strain more overall life for you army from extra spawns . more damage from extra spawns . require kills to spawn units with limited life . vile strain reduces damage output from non-ability attacks . prevents enemy escape and helps with own escape . does not help you vs ability like high templar 's psionic storm . both give a nice boost in survivability , but also help with situations where they are not much use . the choice comes down to if your playing style is lacking when it comes to taking down large groups of enemies or slowing down the damage from a few big enemies . since i personally thought it would be harder dealing with the big enemies i went for the vile strain to reduce the incoming damage from them .
a few devices exist specifically for the purpose of dumping these things , such as the nds backup adapter plus - i do not have any experience with that particular device , but as i understand it , you just put the game into the adapter , and connect the adapter to your pc . this is likely to be the easiest way to do this , but looking around , it seems like it might also be a little more expensive . alternatively , if you have a ds phat or ds lite with wifi ( dsi or 3ds will not work ) , you can use a flash cart to do this in a completely legitimate way : you can use a homebrew program to dump and restore saves onto official cartridges . i have personally had good success with savsender . you use this program to send the save data to your computer ; if everything goes well , your wife can safely delete your saved game , and start a new one . when you want to get back to your own file , you dump your wife 's save to a different file ( assuming she wants to keep playing her file , otherwise you can skip this step ) , and restore your own . for a more detailed guide , follow this tutorial . it is not completely fool-proof : it may occasionally misdetect the save size , in which case you only get a part of your save . various online databases have the save size available , in case you want to verify the results . in the case of etrian odyssey , it uses 64kb for save data ( 65536 bytes ) . there are a few games out there which are known to not work with this program : pokmon heartgold , soulsilver , black and white are wired differently , and can not be dumped using this process . additionally , it may not support save sizes greater than 512kb ( the legend of zelda : spirit tracks , warioware : diy and art academy are the only non-japanese titles i am aware of ; japan had a few more games like this ) - i have not actually tried dumping any of those myself , so i do not know if they are detected correctly . if you want to dump any of those , you are probably best off with the adapter .
bren carriers can deal with pioneers very well . just stay cool and have your tommies bail out of cover when the flamethrowers start . having a mortar pit ready to go near your hq truck can really put the beat down on pioneers . do not forget pioneers are an engineer unit , not a shock troop . just cut them down .
let 's look at what is happening : minecraft is trying to do something which returns 0xc0000005 . in ntstatus.h , a list of error code definitions , 0xc0000005 is STATUS_ACCESS_VIOLATION . msdn - analyze crashes to find security vulnerabilities in your apps reports : access violation exceptions ( status_access_violation ) are generated by modern processors when a memory access caused by an instruction or program execution does not satisfy certain conditions defined by the processor architecture or memory management unit structures . so , we now know that minecraft does something that causes invalid memory access . but , what exactly is minecraft doing ? here we see , minecraft tries to allocate an opengl device context buffer in memory . the thread mentioned by ben blank has a different stack trace and thus is irrelevant . we first have to get more knowledge about your memory , which you gave : i noticed that the command that the minecraft . jar file is being run with says that it can have up to 1024mb of ram . i only have ~500mb of ram , so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location . i also notice a gl issue , which i am not really sure how to fix . given that low amount of memory , i am going to guess that your graphics card uses 128 mb shared memory which means that it uses ram memory to operate . i am guessing that your windows uses another 100 mb . there is only 250 mb of memory remaining for minecraft , and your page file . minecraft uses from 512 mb to 1 gb , consider that playing minecraft will cause disk trashing . VM Arguments: jvm_args: -Xms512m -Xmx1024m  so , now , where does the problem lie ? " so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location " -- no . just because you tell it it is allowed to use 1024 mb does not mean it ignores allocation errors when it runs out of space and creates invalid addresses out of thin air to reference . for all i know it would not even matter , windows would just give it space in the page file . - matthew read this comment on the question is not 100% correct , there are exceptions that do not use the page file . exactly , opengl device context buffers must be in ram ; the solution is to buy more ram . i doubt if 1 gb will do the job given that minecraft can use up to 1 gb ; better to be safe than sorry and get 2 gb to avoid future problems . this also makes sure you do not experience disk trashing to the page file , which can have a great impact on the performance . . . or well , i could be all wrong and it could be a driver problem . but seriously , 512 mb is not enough . . .
most of what you are looking for can be found on the borderlands wiki however , to answer the questions about your specific bosses : skyscraper - it spawns under the separate broken highway against the far edge of the map , at nearly a straight connecting line from the world 's largest bullet and thirsty the midget . skagzilla - he is part of the mission big game hunter in dahl headlands , and he respawns inside the pen area . motorhead - motorhead respawns every 15 minutes at the quest location . mothraak - mothraak respawns when you approach the torches . rakk hive - the rakk hive is a special type of boss respawn which only happens after you have beaten playthrough 2 . his location remains unchanged from the quest location . crawmerax - he is always in the usual spot , he respawns when you leave/reenter the area . most of these bosses respawn when you restart your game unless otherwise stated . as for xp gain , it entirely depends on your level . farming bosses typically is not worth doing for xp , but rather for drops . this question is also pertinent if you want to get lots of xp .
sure , just be a total ass to the ones who would have you . usually , for most responses , the top right is the " kind " response and the bottom right is the " asshole " response . just choose the bottom right when you think someone 's hitting on you .
in creative mode , you destroy anything in one hit , regardless of tool . to get jungle leaves find them in the menu , or use center click ( push down on the scroll wheel ) on leaves .
i have successfully transferred my european ( german ) code to a chap in the uk . he was able to redeem and download both the game and the day one launch pack . while it does not give any insight to code trading across pal/ntsc territories , it provides some insight .
after trying both versions on the wii u , i can definitely say that it is not the same release in different packaging . the graphics suffer tremendously when playing the wii version on the wii u , the game play is similar enough , but it is really worth getting the wii u version if you can .
if you receive a punishment you will be informed the reason for the punishment and what the punishment is . however , if you are currently awaiting judgement by the tribunal you are not informed . this is because there is no reason to tell people they are on tribunal , it just causes them to worry unnecessarily if they did not deserve it . not informing players also prevents players from trying to manipulate tribunal because they do not know they are currently awaiting judgement . as you found out , the issue with not being able to pass judgement is unrelated . i believe you can still pass judgement on other players while awaiting judgement yourself , though this may have been changed .
the short answer is no . you can not . source : look at thresian 's answer . to question number 2 .
no . here is a link that has a table of items that are not available for sale via streetpass teams . items that cannot be purchased via streetpass sword missiletainn , sol , amatsu , falchion , exalted falchion , parallel falchion , mercurius , tyrfing , balmung , mystletainn , sol katti , ragnell lance luna , gradivus , ge bolg , gungnir axe vengeance , wolf berg , hauteclere , helswath , armads bow astra , parthia , yewfelle , nidhogg , double bow tome valflame , mjlnir , excalibur , forseti , book of naga , goetia staff goddess staff item naga 's tear , boots , bullion ( s ) , bullion ( m ) , bullion ( l ) , supreme emblem dlc dread scroll , wedding bouquet , all stats +2 , paragon , iote 's shield , limit break , silver card , outrealm item
killing him where you did actually makes it slightly easier on you later . without spoiling it , you will only see him again one more time throughout the whole game and he is hostile , so you need to either kill him or knock him out anyway ( without interaction ) . so killing him where you did just removes one more obstacle later in the game .
to color the ui together you can go to the option menu , press escape within the game . the " general settings " tab has color and opacity sliders . you cannot change each window independently however . if things do not seem to work out , try to pin/unpin or reopen windows . there where some bugs related to this back when i played but these should be fixed by now . to color individual tabs you have the ability to html code it all within the " tab name " section . for instance if you fill &lt;color=0xffE50000&gt;PVP&lt;/color&gt; at the " tab name " your overview tab title will be pvp colored in red . you first need to lookup the color code that you want to use . there are plenty of tools around , you can also look for color code tables on google like this one : then you have to paste that code between the tags of the code above . &lt;color=0xffXXXXXX&gt;title&lt;/color&gt; paste the color code over the XXXXXX and fill in the title you want to show between the opening and &lt;/closing&gt; tag . you can take this a little step further by adding more . &lt;b&gt;title&lt;/b&gt; makes the title bold . &lt;i&gt;title&lt;/i&gt; makes the title italic &lt;u&gt;title&lt;/u&gt; gives the title an under strike . &lt;fontsize=XX&gt;title&lt;/fontsize&gt; changes font size . you can combine these tags however you want , but the first tag you put should close the last , well that is just good practice in case you ever want to build " good " web pages . &lt;color=0xff00FF00&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;fontsize=14&gt;Awesome formatted tab title&lt;/fontsize&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/color&gt; 
yes a ( ic2 ) generator will trigger a new piece of coal to burn when it is internal buffer is no longer full , but that means it will burn a full piece of coal each time a machine requests some power there are several ore processing solutions available that will take processed materials from one machine to the next , though by the time you can set up most of them you do not care about fuel as much as you had have a renewable powerplant up and running as well
so , i e-mailed big sandwich games and tyler sigman replied with a very helpful answer : hi ( rapida ) , that is a great question . here are the actual values . feel free to distribute/post/etc . , if you like . the numbers in the brackets correspond to the level of the upgrade . e.g. m_flyspeed [ 1 ] is your starting state . . . level 1 . m_flyspeed [ 8 ] is fully upgraded . best regards , --tyler
there is quite a sizable list here . an extract : head to the wiseacres wizarding equipment in the leaky cauldron hub area . it can be found in diagon alley . you can enter the following codes upstairs for the desired effect . auc8eh - carrot wands h27kgc - character studs ha79v8 - character token detector
town portals will stay in place as long as you do not make a new one . so to keep your portal on floor 9 , you will have to walk back to town .
no , it does not . as usual , the ufopaedia has all the relevant information , in this case in the article about battlescape map generation . specifically , down at the bottom of the page is the description of how the game determines when and how to damage an alien craft : if the mission is against a crashed ufo , all upss present in the craft have a 75% chance to explode ( assuming the detonation of another ups does not destroy them first ) . this is performed during a hidden " first turn " ( actual game play always begins at turn 2 ) . landed ufos have this check not done thus do not get damaged . without those explosions all spawned aliens are still alive when the battle starts .
the most critical part of your choice is " does your graphics card support directx-10 ( or 11 ) ? " if your graphics card does support higher versions , its usually best to run with the most recent version , to get whatever bugfixes , feature improvements ( advanced lighting i believe ) and performance gains . naturally , if your card does not support the higher versions , you should not try running the game in that mode , and stick to directx9 instead . as strixvaria says , running the game in that mode should simply not work , ( that is what not supported means after all ) but the best you can hope for if you do try is broken graphics or the game crashing .
use the t key to examine the ' contents ' of the statue , which will show you what the statue is of .
currently players are not able to buy multiple amount of the same item from the vendor at once . instead you are forced to buy them one by one . this has been reported as an issue in official forums with a lot of players complaining about it , so it is probably going to change in the future , and once it does i will update my answer . as of version 0.10.2b you can now use ctrl + click to buy items from vendors .
you are not actually powering the raised block in this instance , because . . . reasons . that block is receiving power from the torch ( and would do something if it were a redstone device ) , but you are not powering it , which sounds strange and contradictory , but that is the best i can explain it . more critically , you are not transmitting power to the block the second redstone torch is in , as the block it is on is only weakly powered , and thus can not power adjacent blocks . so in order to power the block , you need to feed a line of powered redstone into it , point a comparator or repeater into it and power that , or place a torch under it , like so : although your basic not gate ( which is what i think you are mainly interested in ) is like so : note that the second torch is on the side of the raised block . this is important .
there have been two major content pushes in roughly the past year , i will cover them separately . i also will not bother going into the various mechanics changes or new raid content introduced , as you do not sound interested in those . i will note however that the quality of gear obtainable via badges has increased significantly with the introduction of new content . patch 3.2 , call of the crusade this patch added one new 5 man instance , the trial of the champion , with both normal and heroic modes . both modes drop epic items , with normal mode dropping epics on par with those found in naxxramas-10 and other heroic 5-mans ( including some extremely desirable trinkets ) , and heroic dropping gear on par with ulduar-10 . in addition , 3.2 saw the expansion of the argent tournament , the daily-quest hub in northeastern icecrown , with a new daily quests , new rewards , and a new quest chain . finally , 3.2 saw the introduction of a new battleground in isle of conquest , which brings siege-engine and vehicle gameplay to a 40v40 map ala alterac valley . patch 3.3 , fall of the lich king the primary content introduction in patch 3.3 was the new 5 man instances at icecrown citadel , the frozen halls . there are three of them , which are designed to be completed roughly in order ( in fact , the portal at the end of each leads into the next instance in the series , and to enter any but the first directly , you must be ' attuned ' by completing all three . these instances drop ulduar-10 quality gear on normal mode , and on heroic , drop gear on par with toc-10 ( a new raid released while you were away ) - the best items available in any 5 man , outside of gear bought with badges . the other major change in 3.3 however , is the introduction of the dungeon finder . replacing the old lfg tool , the dungeon finder allows you to select the instance you had like to run ( or you can select to run a random one for additional rewards ! ) , and the roles you are able to fill ( tank , healing , or dps ) , and within minutes , will pair you off with like minded players for a quick run through any 5 man . you can queue as a partial group as well , so you and your wife can queue together , and the game will automatically find 3 other players to finish out your group for any dungeon you had like to run . especially if one of you is capable of tanking , you will find the queues to be phenomenally fast and convenient - no more spamming trade trying to find one more to run an instance !
mw3 's new point streaking system means numerous actions now count toward your killstreak rewards ; plants , defuses , captures , defends , kills , and even assists ( with hardline pro ) count now . destroying killstreak rewards ( helicopters , sams , turret guns , etc . ) will count against your killstreaks , for every strike package . these do not count toward your actual kills ( in terms of k/d ratio , leaderboards , game limits , etc . ) - only toward your killstreak rewards .
yes here is the link to the current download version if you already own hl-2 goldeneye : source beta 4 is the first major release since beta 3.1.4 in march of 2009 . beta 4 brings us many steps closer to a final version of the mod and introduces a tremendous amount of polish in both gameplay , coding , and presentation . some of the major changes include rolling explosions , bullet penetration , and living daylights , capture the key , and live and let die gameplay scenarios . please see the beta 4 change list for a complete list of changes in beta 4 . their wiki is a good source for tutorials if you do not have hl-2 you can get it on either steam ( digital ) or for $10 online ( hardcopy disk )
as seen here , different lights display different power states or notifications . solid blue : plugged in flashing blue : standby mode slow blue flash : unread message or information solid orange : charging , but powered off flashing orange : battery is going to call it quits soon there is also the so called bflod ( blue flashing light of death ) that indicates a problem with the vita itself . you can resort to the initialization menu you get by pressing the power button for 30 seconds and trying the different options there .
some possibilities : is your config file in the correct location ? you can test that by setting some easily visible option like name and starting a new game to see if it has effect . do you have a NETHACKOPTIONS environment variable that might be overriding your options ? did you toggle autopickup from the options menu or press @ by accident while playing ?
nephalem valor no longer exists in the game . you cannot farm it at all , no matter where you go .
does not sound right to me . . . if you have a smaller screen , everything on it is smaller too . a character who may have been 10 pixels tall would be smaller , maybe too small to make out properly , especially given that everything around him would be smaller and less detailed as well . a larger screen does mean that there is more to keep track of , but your peripheral vision usually takes care of that anyway . 90% of the time you will be concentrated on a fairly smallish area in the middle of your screen , because that is where you are pointing/looking/walking . a bigger screen does not really mean you will miss things , either - you will never be using a monitor that takes up your entire field of vision ( if it does , you are probably far too close :p ) and human eyes are very good at picking up small movement in the periphery of our range of vision . we notice movement ( but not detail ) very easily there .
seem to be in the same place . my friend sent me the screen shot , and i do not know if you can move it .
ricochet buffs your next auto-attack , so it will trigger her passive but only on the first hit . subsequent bounces will not continue to trigger the passive . if i am not mistaken , her first hit will proc item effects and otherwise act as a normal auto-attack .
no there is not . though , when selecting them you can change their armor to be different ( and provide different bonuses ) . on the xbox , you can hit Y to change it . to see the bonuses , just view the info for the squad member and it is at the bottom . but you are unable to transfer your armor to them . ( it is not the right size anyway ) .
there are no player viewable weapon stats in rage . : ( you will have to go by the description on the weapon and the ammo . in general : feltrite good vs . armor , explosives good vs . most everything . everything else basically comes down to " what is your preferred play style ? " , as most weapons have several ammo types you can use guns in various fashions to suit any situation and style .
offscreen reload is only an option if you are using a light gun - it overrides button 2 of the light gun to set the position of the gun off the edge of the screen and also counts as a " fire " operation . the mame manual describes it thus : controls whether or not mame treats a second button input from a lightgun as a reload signal . in this case , mame will report the gun 's position as ( 0 , max ) with the trigger held , which is equivalent to an offscreen reload . this is only needed for games that required you to shoot offscreen to reload , and then only if your gun does not support off screen reloads . the default is off ( -nooffscreen_reload ) . i dug into the source of the input code , and found the section where it checks the offscreen_reload switch . it is only used when lightguns are used for input . the command line switch is mapped to a instance variable called " m_device . lightgun_reload_button " which is only checked if the input device is a lightgun . see src/input/emu . c for more details . therefore , this will not work with the mouse - you will have to move the cursor to the edge of the screen and press fire , and this will only work if you are playing a game that supports offscreen reload ( not all games had a " reload " function ) . it seems like it might be possible to change the source to add a feature like you had want , but that is something you had probably want to ask the developers of mame with assistance with .
these are just spare slots . the items does not exist yet , and are most likely to be included in future updates or dlc .
cd project has commented on the save imports but nothing is confirmed yet . anyway , here are some vague points : some quest- and major decisions will be carried over according to your past choices characters might react differently to geralt depending on you completed tw1 ( 1 ) importing some of the weapons and armor ( 2 ) it will impact the story , though not in a way that it changes it completely ( 2 ) it will not import your money from tw1 ( 2 )
the lcn stock prices update every thirty seconds , unless the game has been on for a significant period of time . as of this post the exchange will sometimes freeze . ( noted this problem after i would left the game paused for three hours . ) saving and loading fixes this , and starts the counter again . the changes are small however , and waiting five to ten minutes between checking will not hurt much , and can give it time to change in whichever direction it is going to move in .
this video walkthrough ( warning , some nsfw dialogue ! ) recommends that you : do not fight him during his coked up phase , as he regains all his armor run away and get him tired as opposed to going gun-ho conserve health pills carefully good luck !
it is hard to prove a negative , but i believe that the earthquakes are only for flavor . i started a second playthrough on easy where i ran to the first collapsed hallway of the game as quickly as possible , and it was still collapsed . i also spent some time on the legend of grimrock forums and saw that other people had pretty much the same experience . i have not seen a credible reported case of " yeah , i was able to beat the earthquake and get through a tunnel before it collapsed ! " in short , the earthquakes that occur are semi-random in nature and do not seem to be tied to the collapsed hallways .
yes , you can play until your current subscription period ends after cancelling - what you are actually cancelling is only the automatic renewal of the subscription . your account and characters are very likely to be held for a long time , but there is no guarantee for this in the terms of service . however , it is very common in mmorpgs to keep accounts for years if not for the lifetime of a game as the only reason to ever expire them is to free up character names .
a quarry is a tile improvement constructed by workers on stone and marble resources . it requires the masonry tech to build . stone circles does not benefit resources requiring mines to improve like salt , iron , or gems .
try using resurrect 1 on her in the console , followed by disable , enable if that does not work . also try sending her off and waiting 30+ days before returning to her .
according to the gta wiki : voiced by : none applicable i also did a google search of jermaine andrews tracy morgan and nothing relevant appeared
according to zelda wiki : the hylian loach is a large , rare fish that appears in both ocarina of time and twilight princess . the loach looks like a cross between the catfish and the pike , with an eel-like body and ornate swirl patterns down the length of its body . they generally weigh in at about 29-36 pounds and can only be found at the fishing holes in its respective game . due to its rarity , the hylian loach is usually revered to be a legendary fish . in ocarina of time , the loach appears purely by random at the fishing pond in lake hylia . the best way to find it is by equipping the zora tunic and the iron boots , and then entering the water and scanning the sand floor and the area around the lily pads . if it can not be found the first time , link can just exit the area , enter again , and repeat the process . they can be caught with either the regular lure or the sinking lure , although the loach will only bite onto the hook as it goes up to the surface .
the short answer is no . you probably will not earn trophies to your account in the situation you have described , where you use a save on an account where it was not created , will almost 100% make trophy earning ineligible , even if you copy it back to your system afterwards . your best option is to create another profile on your friend 's system and log in to your psn account , and on that account use your saves , this way you can ensure trophies will unlock . make sure to sync your trophies when you log on to your profile for the first time and before leaving your friends house , so anything unlocked during your stay will transfer back to your account .
boots are a specific case . you can not have more than one movement buff from any kinds of boots at all . as for other items with unique passives , as long as you do not have the exact same item , they all stack on top of each other . apparently , there are other exceptions as well . from the wiki : unique effects that do not cumulate among differents items include movement speed effects from boots ( only the best effect applies ) , proc effect of sheen , lich bane and trinity force , and the mana gained from tear of the goddess , manamune and archangel 's staff .
sure , seems like there is a website for everything gw2-related these days :- ) simply go to http://gw2ores.celsodantas.com/ and choose your server ( s ) . note that the limitation of 2 servers is due to not being able to guest on more than two ( non-home ) servers at a time , not due to gathering limitations . you can even use the above site to choose which servers you had like to guest to based on how many known nodes there are . it lists only top-level nodes ( orichalcum/ancient wood/omnomberries , i.e. not mithril etc . ) , and of course if you find nodes that are not already shown , you can add them simply by right-clicking and choosing the type of node . obviously this is open to a bit of abuse but generally i have found it to be very accurate . you can also help out by confirming existing nodes via the right-click menu . nodes spawn each time a server restarts , so any time you need to download a new game update , the information becomes outdated and nodes may be at completely different locations on different servers ( though there is a finite list of possible spawn locations ) .
if you are able to upload individual mods to your server the unhinged announcement post links to a maintained list of included mods . a major virtue of forge is that install order is almost never a problem when you are dealing with pure forge mods . the mods themselves will have install instructions that should be checked in case there is anything special , but in general forge jar mods can be installed in any order after forge . coremods and plain mods go in a folder to be loaded by forge at launch , and do not conflict . very few or none will be jar mods anyway , and order can not matter for the rest . what you have to watch for is id conflicts in the config files . note that this modpack is intended to have customised configs to make it " hard mode " , so once you have installed all the mods you will still have to download the actual unhinged distribution and consult/copy over the config files to properly set up your recreation of unhinged .
certain units are better at scouting than others , but you should always scout constantly . there are a couple units which work well for scouting : early worker -> a definite must , usually at ~10 supply , but if you think you can do it around 12-13 , even better tier 1 units ( marine , zergling , zealot ) -> they are cheap so suicide them into your opponents army to see what he has been building air scouts ( overlord , observer ) -> you may have to sacrifice these for intel , so i suggest you place one at the top of the opponents main , and one at the bottom . this way you can move in and quickly see his entire base terran specific ( orbital command and flying buildings ) -> i actually recommend building an extra barracks and flying that in to scout . it has a lot of hp and should see plenty . also , every mule is worth 50 energy and gets you 250 minerals . usually a better use of 50 energy than a scan ( though not if you need to see invisible ) . protoss specific : in the expansion heart of the swarm hallucinate no longer needs to be researched and is a fantastic way to scout . hallucinate a phoenix and fly it where you want to scout . goals of scouting : scout a build order ( opponents starting production ) -> when did he build a spawning pool ? did he go 2 gate or cybernetics core ? techlab on his barracks or factory ? these will help you deal with early agression scout attack forces -> knowing when an enemy is coming is vital . the more time you have to prepare the better . place a unit near his ramp and control those watch towers if you can ! scout composition -> knowing mid/late game what your enemy forces look like , will allow you to better adapt . lots of roaches ? build some immortals . tons of marines ? morph some banelings . colossus ? vikings ! scout expansions -> leave some tier 1 or spare units at various expansions on the map so he does not sneak in a free base . when to scout : constantly always every chance you get now ! ! ! ! there is never a bad time to scout . note : i would caution against assimilator trick . while it is slightly better as protoss than other races , you are essentially wasting resources and forcing him to play a more tier 1 focused and aggressive strategy . if i only have minerals i am going to build a lot of gateway/barracks/hatcheries and push out cheap units instead of teching . not a good position for my opponent who had to sacrifice 150 minerals .
that is the spider puzzle in the end of the game , " tarant " . note : each note has the shape and represents a letter , the notes are organized alphabetically from a-z . to solve this last puzzle you need to have a dialogue with the tarant by reusing a few of the messages you have picked up throughout the game puzzle solution : tarant : hello respond to tarant by repeating the notes to sing " hello " ( frog puzzle ) tarant : i am sad respond : happy ( crying monster puzzle ) tarant : i have no friend respond : i am your friend ( mother of baby spider ) tarant : what do you want ? respond : teddy the other spider puzzle ( not applicable , old answer ) to pass the spider challenge you do not need music , you need the jar with the ant . if you and have not captured the ant , go back to place where it is and use the jar to capture it . once you have it go to the place where the spider is and place the ant in the web . in exchange , you will receive a ball of spider thread .
it makes the globe display some situation room data like the panic level of the council nations - for example , there is some yellow in the south-east of the globe in that screenshot ( brazil ) , that would seem to indicate some medium panic levels .
you are not supposed to show up on the minimap at all with any silenced weapon . ( not flash suppressors , silencers ) . that is not currently the case , it is a bit random depending on which gun you are referring to . this is confirmed as a bug by dice , and i believe the upcoming dec 6 patch fixes this , so for the purposes of this answer , let 's just go with any silencer should ensure that you do not show up on the minimap when firing . fixed several weapons so they are properly suppressed and hide the player on the minimap when fired . http://www.bluesnews.com/s/128125/battlefield-3-patch-this-week
games which work only with steam and where you get a steam key to redeem are noted as such in the drm section of the game 's information box .
take a look at this video from youtube : shroud hearth barrow . the interesting part starts around 6:00 . the door from the screenshot seems unlocked , and in the room behind that door is the answer . the right combination from left to right is : " whale , hawk , snake , whale " . this will lower the bridge .
i recommend you check out http://www.co-optimus.com , it has an extensive catalogue of games by co-op features , and you can filter by online/offline , genre , etc . this is their x360 section
amongst other factors , beating the boss without losing health increases your chance of seeing satan 's room , occasionally satan will not be there and you can instead fight krampus . he fights similar to the fallen .
no , enemies do not take friendly grenade damage . i just had a husk grenade go off right next to a frozen solid husk . the grenade probably should have killed it , but it did absolutely no damage to it ; the health bar was one bar down , just like it was when i froze the husk . the health bar did not flash when the grenade when off either , which it does when enemies take damage .
i used them for the lols during fort attacks in the stormcloak/imperial war quests , since there are a lot of targets around you . you can also sneak up to groups of enemies while stealthy/invisible and let off one of them to start the fight . other than that , i did not use them much , for the reasons you mentioned . of all the perks they put in the game , i do not know why there is not a perk to make winding up master spells faster . you are really vulnerable while preparing and holding them , since you can not move .
according to http://www.gw2db.com/items/containers they are created by the crafting professions armorsmiths make the boxes . you do not actually need the mystic forge to create them . but you do need the mystic forge to create the recipe for the box . info can be found here : http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/mystic_forge#armor_box_.2f_satchel_recipes recipes for full armor sets can be created from the crafted chest piece . they will allow you to craft armor boxes , which contain every piece of an armor set . the following formula does not give you the full armor set , only the recipe to make it . also note that armor acquired by karma and random world drop , cannot be used to make a recipe .
looking at the various other websites that allow you to pre-order xcom : enemy unknown , the ' elite solider pack dlc ' appears to be a standard pre-order bonus for everywhere you can get the game . the steam pre-order bonuses ( team fortress 2 items and potentially a free copy of civilization v ) are steam specific , so not available anywhere else . since the game 's release , the elite soldier pack has been released on steam as a separate dlc , so those that did not pre-order xcom : enemy unknown can still get the elite soldier pack by alternative means .
minecraft does not use items.png anymore , since it has switched to using individual files for each item and block . ( if you are using tiled png images in your resourcepack , you should be aware that these are no longer the correct format . ) there are four textures for potions : potion_bottle_drinkable.png potion_bottle_empty.png potion_bottle_splash.png potion_overlay.png you can see these files by opening the minecraft jarfile ( in .minecraft\versions\1.6.4\1.6.4.jar ) using a utility like 7zip and navigating down into the assets\minecraft\textures\items\ folder inside the jar . your resource pack should have the same folder structure , as well as a pack.png file and a pack.mcmeta file at the top level .
new biomes in 1.2 are rain biome ( looks like a forest but has a chance to rain ) the crimson underground crimson crimson desert lihzahrd temple ( the pyramid in the underground jungle ) living tree ( large trees that may be hollow and contain chests and furniture ) corrupted living tree spider nest underground snow
just checked the wiki , but it does not say anything about the time when will it run away . but it is one of his specialties , so you have to kill him asap . quote from there : zombie yeti a rare and curious creature . toughness : high special : runs away after a short while little is known about the zombie yeti other than his name , birth date , social security number , educational history , past work experience , and sandwich preference ( roast beef and swiss ) . so it seems that running away is his normal behavior . the wiki also provides a bit of strategy against them : just do whatever you do to kill buckethead zombies ( obviously besides using magnet-shrooms ) . if it tries to run away , it can be stopped by planting a wall-nut or another defensive plant in its path such as the pumpkin or tall-nut . . . . or an instant kill like jalapeno , squash or cherry bomb can be used . it also says that it can take only 46 normal damage shots , so a plant food planted on a repeater should be enough to take him down i guess . edit apparently there is also a treasure yeti , a new zombie in pvz2 . probably it is the one that you encountered . not much is said about him , but : toughness : dense speed : basic special : runs away after a short while , drops a lunchbox if killed but comparing some other zombies ( zombie , conehead zombie and buckethead zombie ) it looks like they still take the exact same amount of damage , so i would assume that the yeti will be as tough as in the first game ( i have never seen him though ) . edit 2 yes , he runs away after some time and not distance . just planted a walnut right in front of him and after a short while he flew away like a little scared girl .
blinding speed triggers on hit and does not have an icon to indicate that the buff is active . to see this , open the details page of your character and dash into any convenient enemy . if your dodge is already high , you wont see much of an increase , but if you strip down to your skivvies , all will be revealed . additionally , blinding speed will not trigger when used on a destructible piece of the environment .
you are not wasting the speed of the scout in arena . running into a group of 12 people is pretty much guaranteed death . scout in arena is exactly as you are doing . you need to wait for people to spread out and rely on your teammates audio cues and voice communications to know where to go . listen for sniper calls or watch the death tracker for sniper kills and then go pick them off . pick off stragglers who might be retreating to find health after a larger fight . arena means that every death is a tip in balance , and as you are the most fragile player , you have got a lot of liability on your shoulders to ensure that you do not waste your life right off the bat ( no pun intended ) . use your double jump to your advantage and consider using the fan to get to good ambush / hiding spots . scout in arena can also be effective bait . get that demo to chase you around the corner into the hands of a heavy/medic combo . a lot of people will tunnel vision and auto target scouts due to their low health . to put it simply , if you are playing scout in arena , you are playing more like a spy in any other match . edit : adding in a bit about defensive play . you can also treat scout in arena like a 6v6 competitive match as the defensive scout . your job is to protect the medic who will likely be glued to a soldier or heavy early on . if the offensive target ( heavy or soldier ) is an attentive player , the fan is a great choice for this due to it is stopping power , buying them a few seconds to turn and destroy ( assuming they are not dead already ) . if they are not terribly attentive , your normal scattergun will do the trick and you are just going to be trying to kill and dodge . lastly , while i do not use it often ( i love me some pistol action ) , you can use the bonk ! energy drink and park yourself between the medic and his assailant to effectively create a wall for 6 seconds while the heavy / soldier / whatever has time to refocus and destroy them . moral of the story : medics can win arenas . treat them well .
when you replay a mission you only have the upgrades you had the first time you played through as @raven pointed out in the comments in the branching missions if you replay the other path you will have all the current upgrades . when i finally got around to playing safe haven i had battlecruisers already .
via gamefaqs : the cheapest way to max your stats outside of no account video and the techno shack . world 1 sushi bar avocado hosomaki at $2.50 x 4 = $10.00 ( +4 spd ) shock wave record smashing turnips at $16.95 x 12 = $203.40 ( +96 str ) crash and the boys at $14.95 x 12 = $179.40 ( +96 spd ) world 5 scott 's dad bbq kebab at $4.95 x 2 = $9.90 ( +4 str ) world 6 mobile 's secret house sauteed shiitake at $9.95 x 25 = $248.75 ( +100 def and +100 wp ) total : $661.45
upon killing professor slate in the revamped version of scholomance , you can loot an empty polyformic acid vial . this can be filled from a vial on slate 's desk for a three-dose vial of the acid , which transforms you similar to other items such as savory deviate delight and the like . once obtained , simply head to the dungeons with the aforementioned bosses , dose up beforehand , and take them out ! the required bosses can be found in the following locations ; commander ri amok is the third boss of the gate of the setting sun instance , liu flameheart is the third boss of the temple of the jade serpent instance , gu cloudstrike is the first boss of the shado-pan monastery instance , trial of the king is the first encounter in mogu 'shan palace , vizier jin'bak is the first boss of the siege of niuzao temple , yan-zhu the uncasked is the third boss of the stormstout brewery note that only one empty vial will drop per kill of professor slate , so it is probably easiest to solo the normal ( level 40-ish ) version of scholomance to get your vial . you will need to do so twice , as each vial is good for three doses .
there are a few different colors on the map . @gorogoro got most of it right . white dots are completed story maps , and allow you to buy items from them , as long as a random encounter is not there . if a merchant is there , the selection is expanded the first time you shop there , with an item or two being on sale . the discount depends on the item ( ie . master seals only get 9% , while iron weapons can get close to 20% ) . you can also encounter random risen battles here , and their difficulty is directly relative to what the story levels were . ie . a random encounter at ylisse will be significantly easier than one encountered at ferox arena , or further in the story . if you fight a random battle at a spot that has both a merchant and a risen , the merchant will be on the map . saving them grants you a free random item . red dots are the next story mission . there should only be one of these available at a time ( unless the path splits , and i have not reached that yet ) . the single purple dot is the dlc spot . green dots are the paralogue mission . these are extra , optional missions that you can choose to undertake , and get unlocked at certain points in the story . essentially side quests . some will reward you with extra characters ( paralogue 1 and 4 ) , while some just expand the story , and provide extra experience and items . orange dots are maps gained from spotpass . these are added to specific areas on the map , and you have to be far enough in the story to challenge them . you can unlock them before you can challenge them , and they will sit there until you get far enough in the story . they seem to be extra missions , just like paralogue ones , so they might reward you with the same things .
you can still get on top of the silent cartographer , i have been up there you can move through the all the new scenery up there . halo anniversary literally is halo ce with new graphics thrown over it , a vast majority of the code is exactly as it was in halo ce . i would wager that all of glitches in halo ce are still present in halo anniversary .
iirc , prime magic only awards the bonus to spells in the prime spell tree ( e . g . implosion ) arcane exaltation works for all trees . so if you are a primary dark magic user , you can pick up arcane exaltation to increase the bonus for your dark magic spells .
shift and left click the item stack to bring up this dialog : if you have started typing into chat then this will leave the item linked in your chat window , in addition to splitting the stack , because the ui is terrible that way . to avoid the chat linking you can shift and right click the item instead , and then drag the mouse off of the item before releasing the mouse button . that last quirk is somewhat mind boggling , and makes it easy to miss .
okay , i got it . you have to jump onto the dead . . . children .
unfortunately , super mario 3d land does not support any more than 3 save slots . the sd card does hold save data for many games , but you cannot add to save slots or anything like that .
bukkit is a standalone replacement for minecraft_server . jar and if you want server-side plugins you need to use it . while there is not a stable release for minecraft 1.0 , after some trial and error i found that build 1493 works and has been running my minecraft 1.0 world successfully for a few days now . i can not help you setup bukkit standalone because i never did that - i installed mcmyadmin . set it up according to the install directions , go into the control panel and select " update/install bukkit " under about/updates . it will warn about downgrading - that is ok . once it has installed bukkit , open the mcma\minecraft folder and replace the craftbukkit . jar with build 1493 from the above link . copy your world in and adjust the server . properties file as needed . in theory , if you have a working minecraft_server . jar setup running you could just change it to point to craftbukkit . jar . as for dynamic mapping , the plugin you want is dynmap .
when the door subsystem is damaged , you cannot open the doors yourself . crewmembers can open them by walking through them , although i doubt this is useful in a situation where you are trying to vent a room that is on fire . eventually , a fire will burn out the oxygen in a room and put itself out , although depending on the strength of your doors , this may be after it is lit nearby rooms on fire . personally , any time where i think i am going to be in a situation where fire is an issue ( ie , the " too near a sun " events ) i will preemptively vent as much of the ship as possible . that way , if a fire does break out , it is more likely to burn out quickly .
go to the menu and to the store . see if there is a mon calamari who is available to unlock for 1 bux . if it is , spend the 1 bux , and it will appear in the elevator within the next few minutes . then , you should be able to unlock .
you have to find the incomplete chainsaw . then you also have to find an incomplete engine and build that . then you combine the two . the net cost is 2 nuts and bolts plus a handful of other items , which is hard for a lot of people to swallow for a simple weapon . but man does it rip through zombies . each attack kills 3 zombies , and you need to feed it a new battery about 1 in 3 attacks . best of all , after you have spent the batteries , your inventory is now free to carry back items .
take this answer with a grain of salt , because i have not tried it myself yet . but i have read elsewhere ( mainly the official sc2 forums ) that your best bet is to : 1 ) turtle up and wall off best you can , while waiting for the ai 's to kill each other ( which sounds like you already do ) 2 ) pick a map with island expansions which you can aggressively expand to and easily defend . not sure what your preferred race is , but the aggressive island expansion obviously favors a terran selection ( as does walling off ) . hopefully someone else can come along and offer some advice based on actual experience : ) update : a sc2 forum post talking about this . they suggest extinction or lava flow for the map . once suggests going toss and massing colossi while making all your enemies zerg . another suggests mass battle cruisers from the islands . http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/248105307?page=2
you are playing on easy mode . in easy mode you gain less items and cannot get rare items . this makes it impossible to gain some of the rare components needed to craft the best weapons in game .
nope , but just keep in mind that each transfer costs 2600 rp each and it can not be refunded . also keep in mind : if you are in na , transfer to euw , then transfer back to na , you will have to spend 5200 rp .
i am going to quote myself macro macro as a gaming technique is an application of economic theory ; at its simplest its a distribution of limited resources between necessary avenues . consider the simplest example from starcraft : i have 50 minerals , i can purchase another worker to make minerals for me , or i can build an attack unit and go kill my opponent . the implied choice here is that i can trade an economic advantage ( having and making minerals ) for a tactical one ( having units ) . since winning usually requires a tactical advantage , at some point a player must make the decision : im going to sacrifice my economic advantage for a tactical one . to the uninitiated this may seem like an easy choice : ill just build attack units and destroy him if hes building his economy . however , this sort of theory crafting doesnt hold up . once you consider things like : distance , time to kill , etc , you quickly realize that the person with the larger economic advantage can produce a larger army . how far away , and how long it takes to build an army are important factors in deciding between tactical vs economic advantage . as if this tension between economic and tactical advantage was not sufficient , most rts games introduce a third concept into macro : technology ( or tech for short ) . tech implies an investment of resources to produce better units . these units are conveying an advantage against your opponent at a smaller economic loss , even though they might be individually more expensive . the trade off between investing in tech and investing in economy is the same as economic vs tactical . economic provides more units , where as tech provides better units . by comparison the trade off between tech and tactical is how much more does this help vs building a new unit .  these three forces are in constant tension not just in rts games , but in the real world as well . consider the cold war era arms race . a nation could build nuclear submarines , invest in its infrastructure or build better submarine detectors . any one choice would give an advantage , but the reality is you have to invest in all three to remain competitive . this is known as the red queen hypothesis , opponents must run as fast as they can , just to maintain status quo . micro it is impossible to have a real discussion of micro without first talking about lim yo-hwan aka slayers_BoxeR . boxer first got his start in the south korean bangs ( lan centers ) in the late 90s . it was in this environment that he demonstrated his skills . micro comes from the word micromanagement ,  the idea that if a player is talented or skilled enough he can individually direct every unit on the board . it was this property of boxer that made him so popular . one of the reasons starcraft draws so much attention as a sport is that it is more than just two players making strategic moves to out smart one another . there is an element of skill , of dexterity , that the better player might just be the one who plays better , not the one with better play . at the core of micro is that , no matter the unit composition or number , there is a way to have your units perform better than they should rightfully do . through fast clicking and innate knowledge about unit strengths , micro can mean the difference between losing all your mutalisks to stimmed marines , and rolling his army without a single loss . in some cases micro is as simple as saying : roaches have a short range , that means i should move closer than that range so the rank behind the first gets to attack ; other times its things like : if i spread my marines in 3 directions his zealot will have to pick one and then walk a distance to the next ; and very occasionally its : if i blink away my stalkers who are at low health , i can save every one of my units while killing all of his . macro vs micro so why the yin yang ? it seems like macro and micro are two things that every player needs . in a perfect world wed all be 1000 apm pros who never broke a sweat ; however , in the real world we are mere mortals who have to choose where they spend their attention . a person cannot concentrate on manipulating his force and strategize what he plans to do next , as the cost for task switching is very high for human beings . instead we must strike a balance between these two ideas , and consider the opportunity cost inherent in both approaches . ultimately you want to become good at both , but strike a balance between the two .
playing normal mode , i have unlocked characters and levelled up classes fast ( ish ) using big game hunter . you do need to kill a lot of special characters to level up classes , but in 8 games on the iphone , i have all classes unlocked , and the mage levelled up to level 10 . i would be intrigued to know what constitutes a high character level in a game on normal mode ? i tend to feel that hitting about 1000 turns , and character level of something over 200 is a good go - given that by that point all the items tend to be named things like ' legendary blah ' and ' godly blah ' . in my experience the best combination of skills to get to this point is heal , repair , dazzle and big game hunter , with the mage class . shapeshifter 's special ability plus big game hunter means that you can kill a lot of special monsters fast .
this article over at wow wiki details battle pet experience gains ! i think you will find what you will need . how catching affects level : catching any pet level 15 or under retains its current level . catching a level 16-20 pet will lose 1 level . catching a level 21-25 pet will lose 2 levels . the xp required to level for pets after level 10 has been dramatically reduced . calculating experience if your pet team prevails in combat , experience is awarded to all surviving pets that participated in combat . pets that do not enter combat have no effect on the experience awarded . similarly , pets that die in combat also have no affect on the experience awarded . the experience that dead pets would have received is not " lost " . instead , the system considers dead pets the same way as non-participating pets . when you defeat an opposing pet , the experience awarded is calculated using this formula : [opponent level + 9] X [level difference + 5]  the level difference is capped at +2 , so there is no benefit to defeating an opponent more than 2 levels higher than your pet . if your pet is 5 or more levels higher than the opponent , it will receive zero experience . when your opponent is level 5 or higher , there will be two of them , and you receive experience for each of them ( 200% normal experience ) . when your opponent is level 15 or higher , there will be three of them , and you receive full experience for the first two , and half experience for the third ( 250% normal experience ) . the quality of the defeated pet does not affect experience gain , and you get full experience if you capture or defeat your opponent . the experience awarded to each surviving pet is calculated by dividing the experience in the table below by the number of surviving pets : for more information on battle pet experience , see the wow wiki article .
there is actually a separate skill for reviving downed members . it is a different icon than the heal skill ( and if your skill bars are anything like mine , it is way on the other end , and it moves around from time to time ) . and yes , you do need a medpack charge available for use .
there is no gameplay benefit . you can not get coin bonuses , gems or anything else from the random player , nor can you see their name or invite them to be friends in any way . visiting random players can be a great way to see the depth of the game and beautiful parks created by other users . you can see all sorts of items you have not yet unlocked which can serve as hints to what you can later accomplish , or you can get neat ideas of what to do with your park .
the term fratmogs actually means to build all three items ( atmas , warmogs , frozen mallet ) . fratmas , by contrast , means to build frozen mallet and atmas and atmogs , means to build warmog 's and atmas . the order of the build depends on the game . however , usually , if i am building a bruiser , i will build a health item first ( warmog 's or frozen ) , and then follow that up with atma 's , and then finish of the trio with whichever health is remaining . what health item i pick depends on a number of factors , but it kind of boils down to one of 2 things : do i need a lot more health and regen ( warmog 's ) do i need more cc ( frozen mallet )
valve days change over at 10 am pacific time , so an expiration date of the 27th implies that the moratorium will expire sometime between 10am pacific on the 27th , and 10am pacific on the 28th . the duration of the moratorium is 5 full days , so if your password is changed at noon utc , you will be able to trade again at noon utc .
crystal energy bought with crowns from other players ( either via trade or via the in-game interface ) is indistinguishable from crystal energy bought directly from three rings / sega . it is entirely possible to turn crowns into ce into items - the question , as with all freemium games , is how much of your time you are willing to spend to do so . crystal energy does not deteriorate , so buy as much as you need with crowns and do not fret !
this is what i have found : mentions of the evils , like andy and mephisto deckard cain , of course tyrael mentions that the heroes from diablo ii have gone mad wirt 's in the game , or at least his bell references to the " cow level " the mad king of tristram the dark wonderer from dii andrea ( gives you the den of evil quest in dii ) ( these are what i have found agian so far ) a quest from a necromancer in act 2 that mentions he was trained by the necromancer hero in d2 . gharbads ghost gives you a quest . in old tristram griswolds shop sign can still be read .
as i wrote in the comment there is no other way to highlight the damaged buildings except for the floating yellow signs above them . from my own experience i have noticed some buildings do not have this sign but have a red/brown color to them , these operates at lower output and need to be repaired . i think this could be a welcome upgrade to any new additions to series .
as far as i know , it does not negatively effect your game directly , but it does negatively effect the rating you will receive for that puzzle , and thus lowers your bragging rights , how awesome you will feel and the final overall ranking you receive at the end of the game . for example , here 's what happens after a few false answers to a puzzle , scores a tiny 4 with three attempts and no hints : score of 9 , with one hint and one try : score with 7 , with zero hints and two tries : so , looking over these results , the indication is that using a hint damages your rating for that puzzle far less than an incorrect answer . it is much better to be right first time , even with hints , than to ever put in an incorrect answer !
i have a simple autohotkey script that will force this mode for me . the script removes the window border and title bar of any window , and moves the window so that it fills the screen : the hotkey this creates is control + alt + f . it applies changes to whatever window has focus . if you wanted to use this script , all you had need to do is : install autohotkey copy the script to a text file and name it something like MaxFull.ahk right click on your new script and use Run as Administrator . note that you will need to have your game in windowed mode , set to your desktop 's resolution . also change "1920 , 1080" to whatever your resolution is . press the hotkey and bam ! maximized fullscreen goodness . it even toggles back and forth if you press the hotkey again . while the hotkey works on many games that i have played , some games are stubborn and do not want the window border removed . in that case , i have another hotkey that is a bit more forceful . simply append this to the previous script to enable the hotkey control + alt + g . update : some games also use a 0x40000 " thickframe " style , which the script was not removing until now . see the autohotkey documentation for a list of styles that can be removed .
i did this on the pc on hard , but it should remain fairly similar . using the minigun make sure you blow up any explosives on the train ( s ) that follow you to take out the various shooters . one has a boss on the left side , take him down quickly with focused fire from the minigun . this should give you some more breathing room when you take on the flyers . the flyers are easiest taken down by leashing , and hitting the right spot in the reaction timer that follows after you leash them . then quickly proceed to the next until they are all dead . there is no real cover to speak of and the best way i found was in using speed to get the enemies down to a manageable size .
to be able to perform a double assassination , you have to be in high profile . low profile kills will generally allow you to kill a single target . it is not automatic like it was in previous games . but it ultimately depends on the weapons used . but in the end , it all depends on if two enemies are highlighted and not just one . with the ( double ) hidden blade equipped , when two enemies are close to each other and you are in range of both of them , you must enter high profile and assassinate them . if you are on a higher elevation , it will almost always do a double aerial assassination . if you are carrying a ( loaded ) rifle , you can kill two enemies if they are lined up one behind the other . it does not matter if you stay in high or low profile for this , you will be firing a shot and that is always a high profile move . i do not believe there are other weapons that can kill multiple enemies in a single attack .
there are three main ways to increase approval : technologies that reduce expansion disapproval , in the exploration/expansion tree at the bottom . each tech gives you -22% to the expansion disapproval . ( applied casimir effect gives you the colonization program , applied atmospherics gives you orbital counseling , etc . ) these techs have a green star in the upper-right corner , which is no help at all because almost all of the exploration/expansion techs have that green star . you can not just search for " expansion disapproval " in the tech search box , either . the only hint i can give you is that most of these sorts of techs have an icon that includes a guy in a buddha-like pose , except the first one . technologies that increase approval in a system , in the diplomacy/trading tree on the left . these techs ' icons are pink in the upper-right corner , and are a system improvement that gives a flat bonus to approval ( and possibly other effects on fids ) once built . the easiest-to-get examples : botanical scanning gives you infinite supermarkets for +25 approval , and optimized logistics gives you colonial rights for +30 approval ( and some fids bonuses if they are ecstatic , around ~85% approval ) . lower taxes ; it is a slider in the empire tab . keep in mind that , aside from dust generation and changing your approval , some races get bonuses for high taxes ( humans get bonuses to both dust and industry as taxes go up ) , others get bonuses for low taxes ( the sophonts gain more research as taxes go down ) , and others do not care . low-approval penalties can hit you twice : once for low system approval , and again for low empire approval . do not allow your entire empire to become unhappy with you ; it is just ugly . there are a few smaller things that change approval , but are not universally useful : the less earth-like the planet is , the more your colonists hate living there . class v planets ( gas giants , asteroids ) hit you with -20 to approval ; even class ii planets ( like tundra ) give you -5 . heroes who are administrators can grant approval bonuses , but you only have a few heroes . some planetary anomalies will change approval , up or down . the approval penalties can go away by researching the anomaly-reduction technologies , adaptive colonies and soil revivification . of course , you can not add anomalies to a planet , you are just stuck with whatever 's there already . two endless temples will increase approval in a system : the temple of the aura of glory gives +40 approval to the system , and the temple of applied psychohistorics gives +10 approval per planet in that system . you will not even know if you have a temple until you do a moon survey ( unlocked by adaptive colonies ) , and even then it will probably be a different temple . these are the only things that will give you approval . you will eventually need those techs . higher population will not help - you will lose some approval for overpopulation as your system fills up . from what i have researched on the ' net , expansion disapproval goes up as you add more systems , so settling a small number of systems with many planets might help . note : you only get the expansion disapproval once the system stops being an outpost , a few dozen turns after it is settled . use that grace period to research some of those useful techs before your approval nosedives .
a friend of mine had the same exact problem . set the game to full screen ( at a good resolution setting ) and change the settings . it seems that when you click " apply " the game cycles modes , which crashes on some systems .
i was able to try this out myself by playing with ai bots and used ursa warrior to solo roshan early on . the result , no you can not . when roshan respawns , he reclaims the untaken aegis laying on the ground .
so there is no way to know for sure what these changes will mean , but here are a few facts that some high level players are pointing out : zerg changes roach range while this is a nice buff to zerg its not nearly as nice for zerg as the terran changes . however , the extra range increase will make roaches more effective against marauders , as well as hellion/reaper harass , and even allow roaches to pick off gateways with photon cannons behind them ( before they could not attack the gateway without being in range of the cannon ) . barracks after supply this is the biggest buff for zerg . this essentially sets terran back 2 marines or 1 bunker on early rushes . as a result its much harder for terran to stop a fast expanding zerg . i would not be surprised if 14 hatch or 13 pool/15 hatch became standard play in zvt . this , combined with the reaper change has a very pronounced affect on zerg openings . reaper speed as reapers have been " solved " in zvt and pvt , i think this change makes less sense . however , this basically puts a nail in the coffin for any sort of early mass reaper . without reaper speed and with the roach range increase its going to become harder ( if not impossible ) for reapers to force early roach speed , and really throw zerg off his game . previously the strength of mass reaper was how it affected zerg play by forcing him into heavy roaches ( or losing ) . a number of zerg have gotten better about this by going earlier roaches , an additional cost that will be less necessary without reaper speed coming early . protoss changes void rays to quote incontrol void rays are only used in specific situations , on specific maps , against specific players . . . i cannot see this change affecting that . drop ship speed while the zerg response to drop ships tends to be more " ground " or mutalisk based , the protoss answer as always been stalker/ht . this change will really effect that match up . not only are drop ships losing 10% of their speed but also 15% of their acceleration . this will make it more easy to catch drop ships with stalkers and dynamically change that match up , for players like qxc ( who has heavy drop ship play ) . i cannot count the number of time i have seen a drop ship escape with a hand full of hit points . thor going away from energy using ht against thors is always been a secondary option . since many players prefer immortals ( for obvious reasons ) this will not have far reaching repercussions ( same goes for corruptors but that is even rarer ) . terran changes zerg and protoss building hit points how many changes do you think that blizzard is going to make that effects marauders without actually changing marauders ? as buildings are all armored , this has a larger effect on marauders . as many players use stimmed marauders to " snipe " buildings , they are going to find that sort of player less effective . . . tvt tvt is not going to change much , but the effects of tvz and tvp have already been documented . if nothing else these changes will reduce the proxy reaper play in 4v4 and 3v3 and bring those match ups more in line with standard play . ultimately its hard to predict what will happen to terran and without any hard facts i would rather not speculate .
you can not link el-trains or subway with normal trains . you can not , at least not with the buildings that come with the game . ( you can do almost anything if you are willing to download buildings . ) if you take a close look , you can see that the subway trains and el-trains look the same , and the normal trains look different . this is modeled after real life , normal trains came first , then el-trains and subway both developed as mass transit options , using similar trains/tracks . if you take a look at some real world mass transit systems , you will see switching between subway and elevated rail . the example i know of off the top of my head is san fransisco , ca 's bart system . i believe the best alternative is to place a station of each type next to each other . if i recall correctly , the sims can walk between the two to transfer , and be on their way . this is not as efficient , because the sims do not like to change transportation modes anymore than necessary , and if your transit system is stretched , it may not work well at all . this option also mirrors the real world , see for example bart/amtrak 's richmond , ca station . if you click on that last link , you will see that richmond station is at ground level , meaning of course that the real world does have mass transit tracks/trains on the ground . there is nothing preventing us from doing it the real world of course . however , ground level mass transit is simply not common , ( bart heading away from richmond raises to an el-train shortly ) and regardless , its not in sim city 4 .
one of the easier and less involved ways to make some extra money is to keep two copies of your most expensive frog and then breed them . if you want to make a little extra , keep a habitat with lots of +happiness items and move the frogs into there for a while before you sell . while they are sitting in there getting happier , you can have another set of 8 in egg form . rinse and repeat . for more frog breeding tips and tricks , click here
this was a bit confusing to me as well . my initial assumption was they ended up in your stash immediately , and this is not the case . items you buy , as well as items you fail to sell or cancel both end up on the " completed " tab when you are finished with the transaction . if this gives you an idea for a crazy auction house storage scheme you may be interested in this answer as well . from the auction house faq : items that are not sold are returned to the seller , and items that are sold are delivered to the winning bidder . in each case , the item appears on the players completed page in the auction house interface , where the item can then be moved to the players shared stash . items in this list will not be lost over time , but the maximum is a total of 50 items ( including both your unsold and purchased but not stashed items ) . it is not possible to list new items once you reach 50 , although you can still list items even if the total of your active auctions + the number of items on your completed tab is greater than 50 . for example , you can have 49 items on the tab , plus 10 items in auctions that expire or are cancelled , and the end result will be 59/50 items on the completed tab . according to a pre-release blog post , they were considering counting canceled/expired aunctions on the completed tab against your 10 active auctions ( search for " items that have expired " to find this clause ) , but according to the current contents of the auction house faq , it appears that this restriction has been removed .
do not neglect alchemy . there are fights that are incredibly difficult without potions that become easy-mode with the right one ( s ) . also , there are several points in the game where you are required to make a choice , and this will affect conditions later on ( a later fight may have more/different enemies , for example ) . none of these are game-breakers , but you may want to consult a guide if you do not mind spoilers and feel the need to make the " right " choices . ( here 's one from gamefaqs , for convenience . i am sure there are others out there . )
i do not know how relevant this is for you . i have a c2d e6550 and a radeon 3850 and i can play black ops on windows 7 with good framerate ( above 45 ) on 1280 x 720 . the use of a good wireless controller is not going to create any noticeable lag . i would highly suggest that you go ahead and use keyboard mouse for playing a fps on a pc .
as the blockade has no attack , no buffs to attack damage , range , speed , or area of effect would matter ( 0 * anything is still 0 after all ) . the squire guardian pet would decrease the damage it takes from enemy attacks , up to 16% for a fully boosted guardian . there are also a number of pets that would repair the blockade ; imp , engineer , mephisto , cain , etc .
apparently , this is a possible bug , in which irileth 's aggression value can be set to 1 for no apparent reason . since you have stated that she is actually started attacking you , there is only one possible solution . commit any minor crime , such as assaulting a guard , and then clear your bounty . if all goes well , this should cause npcs to stop attacking you .
no , it does not . the " weapons and armor can be improved by x%" is only improving what you would already be able to make at smithing level 100 . if you are trying to get your smithing to go over 100 , you need " fortify smithing by x points . " according to the uesp , there are two items that will guarantee you find an item with the fortify smithing enchantment . here 's one . and here 's two . it is worth noting that the second one is a random radiant quest , so you may not get it on your first attempt . edit i was mistaken , there is no " fortify smithing by x points . " the fortify smithing enchant only does the " weapons and armor can be improved x% better . " however , even though your smithing skill will not go over 100 , you will still get the benefits from the enchantment . for example , if you were to make a legendary dagger at 100 smithing , it might come out with , say , 14 damage . if you were to use your equipment to fortify your smithing and make the same dagger , you might get something to the effect of 20 damage , depending on what % of an increase there is from your gear/potions .
plants do in fact respawn . just outside of the starting village ( to the left of the path dennis leads you down to point out the first radio tower ) there is a green plant in a small field ; i have harvested it several times . i do not know what triggers respawning , or if the respawn interval is somehow fixed .
there is technically three types of powers in mass effect : active powers , grenades and passive abilities . active powers a single global cooldown . a skill either activates the global cooldown or it does not . skills that do not activate a cooldown are only limited by how quickly you can perform the action ( the time it takes to switch ammo/throw a grenade ) . most powers listed as a base power here qualify as active . these are your standard attacks and always cause a cooldown . passive powers are always active and do not have cooldowns , simple enough . ammo powers are technically passive , and you can always switch ammo regardless of cooldown . tech armor is basically a passive power unless you detonate it . grenades do not use a cooldown either , and if something seems like an " active " power and it does not activate the cooldown , that is because it is technically a grenade . proximity mines , nova and sentry turrets are all technically grenades . nova has a " cooldown " that is actually based on your biotic barrier ( the purple " shield " vanguards have ) . you can not use nova if your biotic barrier is empty , but it otherwise ignores cooldowns like a grenade .
i always use the motocross bike on the moon stage . when fully upgraded the motocross bike spins very quickly ( courtesy of the mid-air control upgrade ) , and when combined with the low gravity of the moon you can get up to 20,000 coins each time you leave the ground . the moon stage is also described as good for farming ( coins ) on the wiki : its main characteristic is low gravity . it is also very useful for farming as air times are usually 10000+ . image from the wiki
make sure that your drink stockpile is setup to accept barrels . q uery the stockpile and make sure that the max barrel parameter is not 0 . you can adjust it with the e and r keys . on an unrelated note , you may also want to disable prepared foods from your drink stockpile ( press u ) .
i just climbed skyrim 's tallest mountain for you . the notched pickaxe increases smithing by five . it is not leveled loot , and does not stack .
yes you can get married and have a companion . marriage involves raising the person 's disposition towards you proceeding with a ceremony . your spouse will move into your house , if you have one , and cook for you . a companion could be a dog you have rescued , your spouse , or even someone you have paid to follow you around .
the font seems to be myriad by adobe . specifically , it looks like the bold or semibold form of the family . myriad pro is close as well , but has some differences .
batteries are best stored at temperatures of 20c / 68f . more specifically , a battery provides more power at higher temperatures due to faster chemical reactions , which also speeds up self-discharge and reduces the battery 's life . at low temperatures , the opposite happens , and the battery can actually hold its charge for longer . however , since chemical reactions are slower , the battery also produces less power . this can lead to the powered device to run out of power much faster , until ambient temperatures rise . at low temperatures batteries also risk freezing to death . so the first step to prolong battery life is to avoid storing them in places that can get very cold , such as basements or cellars during winter , or places that can get very hot , such as near a window during sunny summer days . if you are willing to delete all of your savegames , you might as well store the cartridge in a cold environment ( beware of frost damage ) , though that may not necessarily be good advice depending on the battery . the cartridge itself will not mind getting boiled or frozen ( but it will not like getting roasted ) , since snes cartridges are made of nintendium . sources : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/discharging_at_high_and_low_temperatures http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battery_%28electricity%29#storage
it is a port of the dx version . it is not 3d whatsoever . it does include the color dungeon found in the dx version , and is in colour .
with redstone , there is not really a right or wrong way to do anything . here is one simple technique you can use to create flashing lights . in this image , the part of the circuit at the bottom is known as a clock . it switches the redstone torch connected to the block from the on and off position . when the torch is off , no power is sent to the repeaters . this allows the torch to turn on . then , the " on signal " travels through the repeaters and turns off the torch . this pattern repeats infinitely . the signal is then sent to the repeaters in the hole i made . when power is sent through the repeaters , the block in front of them becomes " powered " . this turns off the redstone torches mounted on each of those blocks , and in turn , alternates the redstone torches on the surface on and off .
yes , to answer the question in the title . no , to answer the question at the end of your post . nethack is effectively turn-based . you perform your action , other entities in the game perform theirs .
are you sure the chat is displaying your real name to other people in the channel ? you real name should only be shown to real id friends . i bet that you are not actually giving anything other than your alias .
rule number one when taking on a big project : do not do it alone ! recruit some friends to help you out . you can use a pixel based editor ( photoshop , paint , etc . ) to plan your constructions out . each pixel can be one block and then you just design what you want . i do not know of any off the top of my head but scripts can help if you plan to do vrey repetitive actions . stuff like backing up while placing blocks to create a wall . i am sure there are macros that would let you capture keyboard/mouse commands which you can use to build your structures .
by pressing g you can place your banner to a desired location , in early versions of beta it served exactly the purpose you mentioned . . . unfortunately they removed it since it was too abused , now it is used just to show others your banner and to " ping " your allies on the map .
if they have a lot of hp , have your ranged champion ( s ) shred away at it with kitae 's bloodrazor ( deals 2.5% of the target 's maximum hp as magic damage -- basically , it is a weaker version of madred 's bloodrazor . more info here : http://www.mobafire.com/league-of-legends/item/kitaes-bloodrazor-128 ) . this should be purchased by a ranged champion with a high attack speed . hit-and-run harass them until they are too low to defend ( or until you can score a kill on them ) . kog'maw would also be an effective counter , especially with kitae 's bloodrazor , since his w skill is essentially a bloodrazor in itself , and because his longer range ( and great synergy with items like frozen mallet ) will allow him to harass even harder . and it goes without saying , but his ultimate is another great way to chip away at / drive out those champions who like to camp at their turrets ( also note that his ultimate is great for defending as well , since a single hit from far away will stop a capture ) .
no , you can not . tutorial is made to practice the fatality that it says , not any other one . if you want to do other fatalities , you have to play other mode , not the tutorial . the list of fatalities can be found in the menu ( moves list ) or somewhere online ( there are more than enough sites with the moves for all the characters )
if i recall correctly , the controls only differ in the fact that B is melee , and RB is change grenades . also , there is no halo 3 mapping that is similar to the default halo reach mapping . if it was the other way around it would be different . the Recon mapping in halo reach is similar to the default halo 3 mapping . the closest you will get is the default halo 3 mapping . this is all going based on memory though ( i am currently lending my halo 3 copy to a friend ) , so i could be incorrect ( i will let you know when i get my copy back ) .
i decided to purchase the full class unlock . i was able to switch my phone to airplane mode and was still able to play the game as normal .
i am afraid there is currently no way to see that information . it is been suggested as an additional feature , but currently , there is no record of your past kerbals . they are randomly generated each and every time .
if you right-click a tamed wolf , it will sit . this prevents it from following you . further details can be found in the minecraft wiki article on wolves , specifically on the movement section .
it could be many things , but one thing to check : your graphics card is actually turned on . my system has nvidia optimus ; however , brand new games are often not on its list , so the video card does not activate . to manually add a new game to its list ( at least on my machine that is running windows 7 ) : make sure the machine is plugged in search for and open " nvidia control panel " ( you can also right click the desktop to get to it ) in the treeview on the left , choose 3d settings -> manage 3d settings . if this option does not appear you may not have plugged in the machine . if it still does not appear , try rebooting . under " i would like to use the following 3d settings " , switch to the " program settings " tab click " add " navigate to the location of the new game . for broken age on steam , my machine put it into C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Broken Age ; select the game .exe and click " open " check the game now appears in the program list and is currently selected from the dropdown just below the program list , switch it to " high performance nvidia processor " . if you do not have optimus on your machine , other suggestions : check all pre-requisites , e.g. video card drivers , directx , etc , are up to date . . .
yes , when you complete a mission in a sector , the new readiness percentage is the previous readiness percentage plus the readiness value for that mission .
while downloading , make sure other people in your network are not doing download-intensive things , such as youtube and playing steam games . know that connection speeds also fluctuate throughout the day , especially in peak times . ( are you sure that your download speed is 100 mb/s ? that is probably your ethernet downlink speed , not the speed you are paying for . ) there is also a possibility that the content server that steamcmd is downloading from is under heavy load . currently , there is no ( documented ) way of changing it . if your server is being hosted somewhere else , talk with your host/isp about the issue .
no . maps in campaign are similar to ones in multiplayer , however , they are not even close to same . in multiplayer you want to know places where foes can hide and wait , snipping spots , choke points , alternative entrance points ( both to building and areas ) and so on . most of them are specialy made for multiplayer mode . also , mw3 campain is very linear , which means that games itself leads you to next checkpoint . e.g. all side alley are somehow blocked , doors locked and so on . in multiplayer you do not want that . you want map where you can flank opposite team . you want safe house which has three and not one entrance and so on . all in all , the best way to learn map is to play it online . just walking around map will not teach you anything . for example , by just walking around the map in private match you could learn that on spot x is a box , but only in real battle ( multiplayer ) you will learn that that box is famous spot for shotgun camper .
yes , dots become effects on the target , so when you die they remain . have not you died in pve after you kill a mob but the dot kills you ? same thing in pvp .
the answers to that are highly situational depending on the map , the matchup and the current phase and state of the game . i can only give rules of thumb , in some situations it might be better to do the opposite . the most important factor for tank micro is focus fire . have your tanks on a separate hotkey to shoot and the most important stuff first . as an example if there are lings and banelings rolling in , tell your tanks to shoot into the center of the baneling clump instead of the lings that are closer to the tanks , this will a . prevent tanks from damaging your own marines and b . protect your marines from damage so they can clean up afterwards . if you want to advance towards his base , for example to turn a contain into a kill , unsiege 2-3 tanks at a time and move the forwards about 1-2 tank lengths , then siege them again . while they are moving , you can order more groups of 2-3 tanks forward as long as you still have half your tanks sieged . obvious , but for completeness sake : unless you need some protection in the rear , start moving forward with the tanks in the back . i found the fastest way to move tanks forward is to press d ( unsiege ) , rightclick to where they should go , then e ( siege ) all while holding shift , this makes tanks unsiege , move and siege again without requiring more input from you . keep tanks spread out in groups of 2-3 in range of each other , about 2-3 tank length away from the other groups . it takes 2 shots to kill most small units ( marines/banelings ) and 3 for the common armored ( roaches/marauders ) , so grouping them in those small groups increases the chances of each group shooting at a seperate target for maximum killing power . against enemy tanks you might want to keep about a tank length distance between the individual tanks . have groups of marines spread to cover against mutalisks or banshees . about 10 marines should be close enough to all tanks to reach them with stim before mutalisks or banshees can kill more than one or two tanks . do not have all your marines chase the opponent 's air units , it will leave you open for attack on the other side . maintain tank spread by moving the groups of tanks individually . if there is any danger of getting attacked , do not unsiege all tanks , a-move and then siege again , your tanks will be clumped up and easy to pick off by flanks , burrowed infestors or ling runbys . for tvz , once you reach creep , never have more than half your tanks unsieged . as long as you do not know where his army is , do not move forward . siege up in key positions , for example the center highground on antiga shipyard and from there concentrate on dropping and harassing with small groups of units . after you won a trade with a significant portion of your army left , move forward . keep in mind that in tvz , the zerg can reproduce zerglings very fast , so do not get greedy and unsiege everything . if you reach ~150-170 supply and have added more factories and barracks to reproduce faster , start leapfrogging forward and force the opponent to trade against sieged tanks .
according to original research by our friends at teamliquid : the bonus pool accrues at a rate of 1 point per 2 hours , whether the player or team is active or not . the bonus pool also begins building based on when the ladder season began . that is , if player a was placed into a division and started with a bonus pool of 100 , then 24 hours later player b placed into a new division , player b 's bonus pool would be 112 . this means it does not matter when you join the ladder your bonus pool will be as if you joined at the start of the season . you will notice this was last updated august 11th
armor absorbs 66% of the damage and 34% of it ( the damage ) will be removed from health . this formula will apply until all of your armor is absorbed and then all the damage will be directly hitting your hps . sources : quake live wiki : http://quakelive.wikia.com/wiki/armor personal experience educated guess
there is no direct indication that the two missions are the only ones , but once those two missions are completed , all of the other campaigns unlock , which would indicate that the tutorial is complete .
10 hours from bronze to silver 50 hours from silver to gold
just did this today on normal . i killed them both very quick but the pilot still died as the 2nd one exploded so do not think you can save the pilot or maybe i was just a second to late . i do not think i could have taken them down much faster since i play an infiltrator with maxed disruptor ammo , tactical cloak and operational mastery all focusing on max head shot damage . i am using a black widow v with extended barrel iv and enhanced scope v and this gear :
if you spare balak in me1 , he will sabotage the alliance . alliance 3rd fleet -10 however , if convince him to work with you in me3 , he will contribute to the war . batarian fleets +15 so the net effect is +5 to total military strength .
i do not think so , based on most of my encounters . . . .
after you hit the level 27 ( which is the maximum ) , you get the option to take a promotion , which will reset you to level 1 and relock all the weapons , but give you a badge . at present , you can be promoted up to six times . for more info , see promotion on the alien swarm wiki .
if you play games without signing up to psn then you will not be able to download any patches or updates for the games . this would mean missing out on additional features added after the game was released , and of course any bug fixes . how important this is depends on the game , as some games get a lot more post-release support than others .
from the manual : 4.3 development paths training  the primary development path . to begin another path , you must spend at least six talents on the talent path abilities . .
it is totally random . i tend to place it in areas that are congested , like tri-bush area in jungle , the paths close to the blue on each respective side , near the wraiths , wherever there is a teamfight . try to actively see where your jungler is , and use it when he ganks for easy assists . also if i plan on diving my enemy i place it between him and his path to his tower . this is anecdotal , however in response to your op , yes it is unreliable . edit : you may or may not play these champions , but if you play karthus , soraka , or shen , you should have a pretty good understanding of how to watch the mini-map and be a good global presence . use gp 's ult in similar situations that you had use theirs . ( i.e. . try to secure kills or score a few easy assists , even if it does not turn the tide of the teamfight , you will get cash if an enemy dies and you do not have to leave lane . )
no , the only way too completely assimilate a nation , is trough conquest . like you said , the other option is to offer them client state status , but that is not what you are looking for .
there is no version of civilization 5 for the xbox 360 . there is civilization : revolution , but it is a completely different game . even if there were , it is fairly rare that pc and xbox 360 players can play multiplayer together . i can think of perhaps a handful of games where this is the case . so the answer is no , you can not play civilization 5 between a pc and the xbox 360 .
eating ( and sleeping ) generally relate to your stamina . if you continually let your stamina drop but not eating and not sleeping , or sleeping late ( after 11 pm ) , you will start to notice adverse effects . stormy days burn your stamina faster , so making sure to eat on those days can help you accomplish more in a day . if your stamina drops during the day , and you do not eat , you will eventually grow tired and if you let it drop completely , you will pass out . when you get to that point , you will notice that your health drops , and you will have to make sure to take care of yourself ( by eating and sleeping ) in order to build it back up again . if you generally avoid using most of your stamina in a day , and manage to sleep early on most days , you will not find that there are any adverse effects to not eating .
i am pretty sure this one should work .
it is temporary . i got it january 27th and it expired february 3rd . simple answer .
taking down enemies in dehr can yield up to 50 experience from a single enemy . considering the ghost experience bonus is only 500 and the smooth operator bonus is only 250 , that means if you take down more than 15 enemies per mission using the optimal method , you will always come out ahead experience wise ( not to mention that you can still earn ghost while taking down every enemy in your path ) . for more information , this answer has all the experience boosts you can gain when taking out an enemy . finally , there are no experience bonus for completing a mission without killing any enemies ( though there is an achievement for doing this through the entire game ) . like i said above , are bonuses for ghost and smooth operator but those are not mutually exclusive to takedowns .
note : i have not played dota in a few patches . . . enchantress biggest weakest are nukes because of her little hp you said you enjoy nevermore , your best bet would be too just stay out of her range during the lane , and just last hit appropriately . . . focus on not dying to build up your creep count ( which gives you damage ) at lvl 3-5 you could start using your long and mid range nukes to last hit+harass the Enchant , and disengage if she wants to fight . this will keep you at high health and her at medium , giving you a significant lane advantage ( with three nukes all it takes is one good rune to kill her at medium life ) . when you do engage dont attack until you have used all your nukes , she has a move that slows you and if she decides to run you wont be able to chase if you attack her . if she ever procs her healing item , just back off and pop a clarity , then harass a litte more aggressively while its on cooldown , this will force her to heal at well , giving you an exp advantage . be sure to use chicken early game to keep mana/ life in good shape so you dont have to leave your lane and get boots before her so you can chase when you go in for the kill . if she is rushing the +25 int item , you should have a significant early-mid game advantage with items , big enough to kill her a few times and come out on top . non nevermore specific tips : nukes > stuns when it comes to enchant since attacking her will slow your hero . you usually have to kill enchant in 2 bursts , 1 to get her to pop heal , then another to kill . at the start just last hit and attack her only when your creeps are there keep good control of runes during early-mid game use chicken so you dont have to goto town and heal ( meaning you will always be gaining exp ) keep an eye out for enchants chicken , your long range nuke means you can kill it without even going up ramp sometimes hope this helps and be free to comment with any questions
i have purchased 2 packs with the coins i have earned , so i can understand what you mean as i have 2 yellow colors overlapping . there are many colors within the packages shown below that you can barely notice any tint difference in play . it is completely up to you in the end which packages you would like and which tints or variations you would like to enjoy the game to its fullest , but my recommendation would be : holiday package and the mardi gras package . both packages + the original set give you the main set of colors required to illustrate a proper , defined picture . my reasoning : between the mardi gras package + the holiday package + original set you gain : red [ removes red scale package , half of fall package , part of neon package ] purple [ removes spring and neon package ] ( 2 different tints of ) blue [ removes bluescale package , part of spring package , beach package ] green [ neon package ] yellow [ removes fall package ( see brown below ) , part of spring package ] brown [ removes fall package , ice cream package ] different shades of black - gray [ removes grayscale package ] . the reasoning above accesses every package ( besides minor differences in the shade packages ) . sidenote : i would not bother with the shade packages at all . take a look at the screens i have provided below .
if it is the one i am thinking of , it is called inspirational stories you can obtain this mission any time after the assault on the citadel . located in the supply bay holding all of the refugees of the war all it is , is a quest given by a salarian asking you to capture how the war is affecting the refugees where you just go around the area and interact with a few areas with civilians around and then return to him ( similar to the " scan the keepers " mission in me1 ) it is nothing special and flashy , sadly . from me wiki entry , linked above : after solik presents his requests , there are three photo opportunity locations you need to take in the docks . -at the memorial hall where a salarian is consoling a grieving woman . -the area between bay e24 and bay e26 , where a woman is having a conversation with a batarian . -the area between bay e26 and bay e28 , where james is playing poker with three other players . there are also two other photo opportunity areas located at the crates in the memorial hall and a turian security officer at bay e26 . however , the footages are unsuitable for solik 's film and he will ask you to look for other photo opportunities . note : there appears to be a glitch or a limit to the available photo opportunities where the option do not appear at the players playing poker . to resolve the issue , reload to a save game before the mission and do not take any unsuitable footage as mentioned above but go directly to the three locations instead . after taking the photos , return to solik and give him the footage . you will receive 5 reputation , 210 experience and 5000 credits .
well , most of the resources that are renewable and portable you will want nearby . that means using your shovel to dig up bushes , saplings , and tufts of grass and planting them all nearby . plant trees nearby as well . ideally these things will be close enough you can get to them at night to have something to do before the sun comes back up , but you do not want to catch them on fire . you can add farm plots nearby . with farm plots as well as berry bushes , you should have a pretty stable food source even without having to leave your base , or at least without having to leave very often . you will want to be able to get manure -- this means either building your base near a beefalo herd ( good because they do not ever go crazy and try to kill you , but they wander ) or a pigman village ( good because you will always know where to find them , bad because sometimes they go crazy and try and kill you , plus you have to give them stuff in return for manure ) . you may want to be within range of a few other resources . pigman villages you can construct , spider eggs you can move . either of these , if you want them , should be placed a few screens away so you do not have to fight through the night . placing your base within a comfortable walk of some tallbird eggs might be a good idea . i placed my base near a beefalo herd ( which is now spreading out pretty well , so this is becoming less effective ) as well as a bunch of rabbit holes . i do not have easy access to tallbird eggs , but between farms , bushes , rabbits , and enough manure to keep my farms and bushes going , i pretty much never have to worry about food or basic resources ( sticks , wood , grass ) . other than that , just keep things near your base once you can research them -- crock pot , chests , etc . the things you keep closest to your fire should be the things you want to mess with overnight . hostile ( or potentially hostile ) things should be kept a few screens away . everything else can go somewhere in between .
connected shots will cause knockback on your opponent . so , if you notice the guy you are shooting getting pushed around , chances are you are actually hitting him . even if you do not actually hit them though , client-side hits still generate points for you , so you can whale on a guy and collect a large number of points without ever actually damaging him due to lag . it is a bit of a silly system , but that is how it works .
i have gone through multiple times just using the shotgun , wing sticks , and sniper rifle . if mutants get close to you the shotgun is a one shot kill . wing sticks are great just to cut their heads off . i use the melee ( with the gun butt , not fists ) a lot too . head shots using melee are pretty easily done . i pull out the sniper rifle only for the slots wheels . however , if you want to have some fun with it use a rocket launcher and watch blood fly .
minecraft for the xbox 360 does have online voice chat enabled . you can also create a party on xbox live to voice chat with each other and then join the same hosted session in minecraft .
parrying requires you to block just as the attack hits , not before it . rather than holding o , try pressing o just as the enemy 's attack is about to hit , then when the attack is blocked , attack with square
yes in my experience , you can find more than one arcade room per play through . i once had 3 in a row ! as mentioned before , the wiki does not say it can not happen .
it should suffice to launch steam with the -bigpicture switch . C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam.exe -bigpicture  windows 8 boots to metro , of course , so you may want to either use one of the windows 8 " backwards compatibility tools " like start8 , or to run a very little script in ahk at boot time : Send #D  . . . or you can use windows 7 instead ( windows 8 sp1 might also let you skip to metro )
go to beach back road , backroad is a flashing step . in there you will find a different flashing step towards the top and that is crab cove . : )
it appears the question was about pokmon red , blue , and yellow specifically . almost every pokmon had their movepools and the levels they learnt moves changed from gen i to the advanced generation ( gen iii ) , so here is a list of the pokmon that learnt moves as they levelled up within the gen i games ( solely red , blue , and yellow ) : charmeleon to charizard , level 36 , wing attack caterpie to metapod , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) metapod to butterfree , level 10 , confusion ( only yellow , not red or blue ) weedle to kakuna , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) mankey to primape , level 28 , rage ( only yellow , not red or blue ) poliwag to poliwhirl , level 25 , doubleslap bellsprout to weepinbell , level 21 , stun spore slowpoke to slowbro , level 37 , withdraw magikarp to gyarados , level 20 , bite dratini to dragonair , level 30 , slam ( information compiled from serebii .net's rbygsc pokdex ) .
replays are usually lost or set to unavailable after there is a update or maintenance window . source : personal experience
the short answer is , skill boosting affixes will boost secondary effects from those runes as well . for instance , an affix that boosts punish will also boost the damage caused by the fire explosion when blocking ( roar rune ) . and whirlwind skill boost will cause the tornados to do more damage . the only thing i am not sure of is whether or not having a skill boosting your hatred spender ( such as cluster arrows ) will boost the ca being cast by the sentry . i suspect that damage is still tied to your sentry skill , so if you had sentry affix gear it'll boost the damage .
it may be possible only when the transfer window is open . in real life , the summer transfer window for the eredivisie seems to run from july 1 through august 31 or september 1 , and the winter transfer window runs from january 1 through january 31 . if you are not currently in a transfer window , you may not be able to ask your agent to start negotiations with a team .
there are several guides discussing this , and there should be some youtube videos as well : http://www.gamespot.com/xbox360/rpg/falloutnewvegas/show_msgs.php?topic_id=m-1-57467981pid=959557 the quick version involves : picking up the goodsprings snowglobe ignoring all quests looting the goodsprings schoolhouse using stealth boys to sneak past the deathclaws on your way north selling everything you find that is not nailed purchasing a fake passport into the strip having enough funds to purchase the intelligence implant
you can use a utility to rebind keys to other keys , or manually hack your registry to do so . here 's the source mskb article that they used . for instance , the following registry key will swap F11 and LWIN: broken down : 00,00,00,00,: version ( 0 ) 00,00,00,00,: flags ( 0 ) 03,00,00,00,: number of entries , including trailing null ( 3 ) 57,00,5b,e0,: the left windows key ( E0 5B , it is backwards ) is interpreted as an f11 ( 00 57 ) 5b,e0,57,00,: f11 ( 00 57 ) is interpreted as the left windows key ( E0 5B ) 00,00,00,00 : null ( "we are done" ) after modifying your registry , you must relog ( or restart ) in order for the changes to take effect . what scancode is what key ? see this whdc article , specifically the word document in it . use the values from the " scan 1 make " column . alternatively , some " keyboard test " utilities will tell you . once you have remapped keys in windows , you can bind them as you see fit .
just build the deep sea warehouse , to do this you need to put the required materials ( 8 building modules and 4 tools ) on a sub , submerge it and make it move to the underwater island , then the option to build the warehouse appears . what the game means by you can only have one deep sea warehouse per underwater island is that you can only have 1 deep sea warehouse on each underwater island .
you will need to renovate one of the banks in the city to be able to collect . once in your control , just go to the bank and withdraw your money . to be able to renovate the bank , you need to be in control of the zone first . if necessary , you will have to liberate the templar-held zone first . the ones in galata should be available to you in the beginning . just examine the sign and pay the required amount . as you start off , it will cost in the mid-1000 's . but the more renovations you make , the more it will cost .
for both followers and non-follower npcs , any quest-reliant companions will continue with you on any quests in which they are relevent - initially , this includes the templar , the scoundrel , and the enchantress ( all for different quests ) . at that point in time , regardless of whether or not you are playing multiplayer , they are not actually considered " a follower " - you cannot adjust their abilities or inventory . after they have been recruited as your follower , it will prompt you as to whether or not you wish to keep them . if not , you can hire them again in town any time you are playing alone in a game . if you are playing with multiple players , followers cannot be hired . if you have a follower when you game switches from single player to multiplayer ( i.e. . someone joins your game or you join someone else 's game ) , your follower will be " un-hired " ( teleported back to town , where you can re-hire them next time you are alone again ) . as mentioned by @hurda in the comments , when all co-op players leave , the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion , who will join you again without having to go back to town . tl ; dr you cannot hire a follower in multiplayer , and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players , the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire .
this is not a glitch . most siege weapons get the +200% bonus against cities . ( presumably , so they are more effective against cities than they are as imprompteau ranged units ) . battering rams get +300% , though , which is where i think your confusion might be coming from . rocket artillery
as you said in the comments , the file you had modified was steamapps/common/the last remnant/Engine/Config/BaseEngine.ini , which caused your error . when modifying ini settings , such as bExSettingUseAllMemberEquip , you want to edit the RushEngine.ini file located in My Documents/My Games/The last remnant/RushGame/Config . the My Documents folder may be named differently on your computer though . if you can not find the RushEngine.ini file , make sure that you are looking in the correct folder . it is easy to mistake the path for steamapps/common/the last remnant/RushGame/Config ( note the steamapps/common part ) , where you will only find files such as DefaultEngine.ini .
just hit the default punching bag in super training and you will be given random punching bags ( up to a max of 12 ; throw away extra bags at this point , or use them up ) . somewhat rarely you will be given an unmarked white bag called a reset bag which totally resets evs . i have heard rumors that pokemon with 0 evs are more likely to give out reset bags , but in my experience pokemon with full evs at the least still can give ev bags . the ev reset is complete and level does not matter . then you can just use super training to perfectly train your pokemon .
i will try to hint you first , but there is a full walkthrough here : as far as the toast goes : the toast is nabbed by a squirrel , nutter . he leaves paw print on an empty butter dish . hmm . the egg machine is considerably more complex a solution . there is a " part " missing , so you may need to explore some other parts of the house to find another mechanism to steal it from .
there are more than 10 different foods or drinks found in the game . here is a list : chicken on a stick curry chicken balls ( next to the undercover hq in north point , next to spicy squid in aberdeen ) dragon kick fish dumpling skewer herb tea ice cream noodle bowl pork bun roast duck spicy squid ( next to the massage parlor by fish market in aberdeen ) waffle eggs you can find most of these in the Night Market . there are plenty of food stands , drink vending machines , and tea shops all around hong kong . here is a video guide by predni showing you all different location of food and drinks :
sadly , no , there does not appear to be a way to check your follower 's cooldown timers . as far as i know , the portrait and the follower panel are the only methods of getting data about your follower 's current status . i tested this with my templar , by giving him a bunch of active skills and then putting him in situations where he had want to use them . his portrait does not change at all , regardless of his ability states , and there is no indication on the follower panel that any of his skills have been used .
when your tree grows to a certain height , it unlocks a new song . however , you are half correct . the more accurate you are on a song , the more your tree will grow , thus unlocking new songs faster .
that is probably just the pal version . i have played through the ntsc one , and saw no problems at all - nor have i heard of any problems from others who have played it . chances are you are going to see the same types of bugs between the original edition and the goty edition , simply due to the fact that goty will only include the new/downloadable content that is been made available since the original 's release . if you can not play using another region code , then you could try the game on a different console , and see if the bugs propagate .
trade in void staff for more ap ? hmm no . trade in void staff for more utility ? yes definitely ! void staff is a pure damage item . the item is usually purchased because magic resist items are pretty common in the current meta ( especially ga and banshees ) . the void staff itself is becoming really effective after an opponent has over 100 mr , since yours spells will then deal damage as if he has only 65 mr . it increases your damage over all , even with opponents that do not have mr items . now as already said , void staff is a really important item for every ap caster and you should buy it on everyone who deals mainly magical damage . you can however wait with buying it . with most ( not all ! ) ap champions your item path should be -> core item ( different from champ to champ ) , boots , rabadons , utility item , void staff , situational offensive/defensive item . for annie i would say a good generic path would be : rod of ages/deathfire grasp -> boots -> rabadons -> zhonyas -> void staff -> abyssal of course you should not build like that every game but it is a safe build if you do not fall behind too hard . also if you see that you will not deal any damage because the enemy team is stacking mr , get the void staff earlier . the most important thing about void staff ( and rabadons aswell ) is that these items scale with ap . if you rush them too early they will not be as effective as other items . this is why you usually get rabadons as a second ap item and voidstaff as a 4th or sometimes 3rd or 5th . also a thing to mention : if your opponents really build no mr at all ( which is rarely the case ) , you can also rush a liandrys torment/abyssal . different from % penetration , flat penetration/flat mr reduction can really put you ahead early , even without that much ap .
i have bought the game . the answer to my question is that during some spells , there is some slowdown , but most other actions are not noticeably slow . there are still some occasional bugs . i have been playing for 9 hours now , and there have been 2-3 crashes . the autosave seems to do a good job of salvaging your interrupted game though . i once had a very weird bug where the background music ( not sound effects ) did not play , despite the fact that it was turned on in the options . rebooting the iphone fixed this . all told , the bugs are not enough to seriously dampen the fun . it is as great a game as i remember .
there are a few things that are different : there is a secret ending to this game , you do not have to get it in proud mode , but its much easier in proud mode as explained here you also get the " badge of pride " for beating it on proud . you also unlock the even more challenging critical mode when you beat all other difficulties . beside making the secret ending even easier to unlock that mode is just there to make u hate life , increasing damage of the enemies and actually decreasing yours . no other changes are listed per difficulty level , not even on the kh wiki article made specifically to list the differences per level by game .
this can be tricky simply because the two bars on each side move back and forth slightly , and decrease in size as you push them closer to the edge . the best time to move is when the bar is moving away from your cursor on that side . as it moves away ( towards the edge ) , push towards it slightly and it will move that way with you . be careful not to move too far or it will slide back towards you too much and go past your cursor ( and go back to the middle ) , which means you have to try it again . if you are having trouble , try doing just one at a time . once you get one side all the way to the edge , you can just leave it alone . as long as you do not move the cursor on that side , it will not go back to the middle . then you can focus on the other side . once you get both of the green bars past the lines at the edges , you will successfully break up the fight . just be patient and go slow . trying to speed through this will surely cause you to fail .
unlike some previous games you need to be logged in to the rockstar social club if you want to be able to play , even single player . ( this is for the pc steam version at least )
after many more attempts , i have come up with the placement ( at the red buff ) , but i do not yet have a screenshot to back it up . i will attempt to explain it as best i can , and will try to get a screenshot at some point , to update the answer . the biggest issue i was having was that i would throw the axe , hit all 3 , but not be able to pick it up to lower the cooldown , without moving . what i have found however , is if you stand behind red , between red and the smaller vertically aligned creep , as close to red as possible without attacking , you can throw the axe to the other side of red ( so that your cursor is the red attack sword , but it is on the opposite side of red . ) it may take a bit of experimentation , but this seems to hit all 3 , and causes a reduced cooldown . the axe has a larger radius of effect than i expected , so you do not need to place the cursor all the way on the far creep . hopefully this helps someone . if no one else , it helped me .
you can not : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#ps3cloud
of the available traits that affect fertility , there are none that are gender specific . given that you have so many daughters , you should be getting offers from prospective husbands . that is assuming that your daughters are of age and not already married ( or widowed ) .
weight : is irrelevant and can be ignored . capacity : while companions have unlimited ammo , they are restricted by the clip size of a given weapon - it affects how often they reload , and , by extension , their overall rate of fire as well as time spent in cover . fire rate : obviously companions are affected by this . rate of fire is just as important to their damage output as it is to shepards . damage : again , this is just as important to companions as it is to shepard . accuracy : accuracy does matter for companions . even though it can be assumed that the ai is not going to fire wide on purpose , accuracy has a noticeable impact on , for instance , the spread of pellets from a shotgun blast , or the level of ' drift ' during a sustained burst with an smg or assault rifle .
nope - just a secret joke dungeon . rumor has it that if you are particularly unfortunate , you might stumble across development hell , as well . . ( i know you mentioned it , but seriously . development hell . it deserves a second mention . ) oh , and you might also find bashiok lurking around the oasis in act 2 . if you have got rakanishu 's blade , he is even worth an achievement .
liquidpedia lists ' current ' sc2 players . everyone on those lists are associated with teams that have sponsorship ( i.e. . get money to finance their gaming ) . bear in mind that sc2 is still relatively new and the professional scene is still developing . a lot of bw players have not yet transitioned , and not counting the beta period , only a few tournaments have been held . out of these , the only one with a ' professional ' prize pool is the ongoing tg gsl , which is giving out ~85k usd to the winner iirc . be sure to check the ro64 gomtv tg gsl brackets list for more info . not everyone there is a ' professional ' sc2 player , but most of them have team sponsorship . cheers !
hardsuits need a clear view of the sky to come down ( im uncertain if this rule applies in indoor maps , though ) . once the hologram is blue you can start calling it down . click and hold while aiming where the blue hologram appears . it will take about 2 seconds for it to charge and call it down . source :
i found this forum post . triffids are a reference to triffids from the day of the triffids and more info can be found here . it sounds like an end of the world kind of book . but otherwise all they give are 1200 xp and no money . they do not end your game or reset anything .
this website has a list of every steam sale currently active , with the biggest savings at the top of the page . keep an eye on those flash deals ! screenshot : happy spending !
tracking technology laser mice are generally the best , though their extreme precision occasionally causes problems with awkward surfaces . but i play on a rough wooden table with my laser mouse and i rarely notice when i am moving over the wood instead of my mousepad . optical does not work well with reflective or black surfaces . i am not really sure what the complaint about laser is about honestly . i am currently unable to find a surface this cheapo laser mouse can not work perfectly on . dpi the best thing you can do is have a dpi switching mouse . this has two benefits ; the first is letting you immediately switch the mouse movement speed ( go from instant-turning speed to super precise sniping movements ) and the second is letting you find exactly how sensitive you are comfortable with the mouse being for a given application or surface . since i am used to my high-dpi mouse i do not really switch it down ( or all the way up ) that often , but it is a nice feature to have . if you want high dpi ( i recommend it ) again , laser is best ; they are usually double optical or more . my logitech g500 is ridiculously sensitive at 5700 max dpi , but right around 2000 feels nice . remember if your mouse is too sensitive you can lower the pointer speed via software . ergonomics for ergonomic factors , get a " handed " mouse if at all possible . if you are left handed you might go with an ambidextrous mouse ( or if your partner is differently-handed and will use it as much as you do ) , but generally a " handed " mouse is far more comfortable to grip . size depending on your grip , get a mouse big/small enough for you . my hands are large so i have to scrunch up my hands ( claw grip ) or let my palm all off the mouse ( fingertip grip ) . to palm-grip the mouse i need a mouse with a big " butt " . razer has a good guide to grip styles if you are confused by these terms or want more info on grip styles . weight weight-adjustable mice are also nice . high-dpi , low weight mice can be a pain to use ; i prefer them a bit heavier , but the best thing you can do is manually adjust the weight . this sounds silly to some but adjustable weights are pretty common in mid to high end gaming mice . wireless i have had issues with bluetooth but what really matters is interference ; the more wireless devices you have the more likely there is some interference going on . i have had issue with bluetooth and non-bluetooth devices . battery really should not be a concern here ; your mouse should last weeks between charges no matter what . general battery specs should be listed by the mouse anyway , so there is no need to consider which tech is going to eat more battery . multi-axis/multi-touch mice for " two axis " wheels , if you mean apple 's multi-touch mince , those are terrible for gaming . physical buttons are a must for one thing . if you mean horizontal scroll " tilt " wheels they usually do not get in the way of gaming , just make sure it is not too sensitive . my logitec g500 requires a bit of force to press the horiz scroll which is good , an older microsoft wireless mouse was sensitive enough i often accidentally pressed the horizontal scroll buttons while moving the wheel .
i would suggest running six beam arrays , and putting the torp launchers facing aft . cruisers are the slowest turners in the game , so you will spend most of your time broadside - six beams will max your damage potential . when it is time to fire the torps , it is a lot easier to turn away ( putting them in your aft arc ) than to try and wrangle them into the forward arc . with six beams , you will shred shields without the need for transphasics . there is not a big difference between the various array types - use the ones you prefer . a lot of the boosting equipment is type-specific , however ; for max dps you will want to pick one and stick with it .
for every enemy you kill , there is a chance that your damage will increase . that chance is high , but not 100% - i killed six flies and got four damage increases . it is also possible that each kill actually increases your damage , but the value that it is increased is not always enough to display another bar on the damage stat . the damage increase is only in effect for the current room , though it is possible for the game to display an incorrectly-increased damage value on rooms after leaving the room .
not in the base game . your only real option is to self-sort . luckily , your house in whiterun has multiple chests ( when fully upgraded ) , including a chest near the alchemy station , so at the very least you can store certain items in certain chests to keep things straight and ordered .
rift points determine 4 of the 5 skulls , but the 5th skull is dependent on the amount of time it took you to finish the level . you can check the time it took you and the par time in the statistics at the end of the level . you also must be playing on at least war mage to get all 5 skulls . at the lowest difficulty you will get far fewer . if you are aiming for 5 skulls , there are many video guides on youtube , and i also found this steam forum thread .
yeah i think this is a bug brought on by the new patch that a lot of people are experiencing . i found this that explains how it happens but unfortunately the only way to fix it is to load a save from before either of these situations ( i have bolded the one which seems to match your case ) : if you select a book on a bookshelf and remove it ( rather than activating the bookshelf and removing it from the bookshelf 's inventory ) , the bookshelf becomes inaccessible . if you are putting books on the bookshelf and you add one more than it can hold , it puts it back in your inventory along with the message that the bookshelf can not hold any more books . the bookshelf then becomes inaccessible ( sometimes the books you were placing on it do not appear , making you lose them books ) . source pc users might be able to fix this using the console but i am not really experienced with it . hope that helps : )
when i passed this place it seemed that her loud speech would draw guard 's attention . and geralt does not pick the lock , he calms the woman to be quiet to keep his runaway silent .
no , it is not required . my kinect does not work , but this game still does .
no , outside of finding them as random loot , smithing is currently the only way to obtain these sets of armor . you cannot buy them from any shops .
i think that should be canola . at least on the first career level in farm simulator 2013 ( which i believe this is , or an earlier version ) you can compare the order of the silos with the order of the prices in the pda . so from left to right you have wheat , barley , canola and corn . definitely wish there was a better way to see what is what though , as i do not find those icons particularly helpful to a farm newbie like myself : )
have you tried the ' i ' key ? in the first crysis , it was the key to turn night vision on and off . or are you referring to the ' nanovision ' ? press the ' n ' key to toggle it on or off . hope this helps !
you get all of the hats in find mii by completing two playthroughs . as listed by ign , the hats from the first playthrough of find mii are mario hat red pikmin hat link hat samus hat kirby hat cat hat dog hat crown and the hats from the second playthrough are luigi hat toad hat bowser hat blue pikmin hat yellow pikmin hat metroid hat bunny hat ultimate hat
here 's an answer that explains what might be happening ( but this question is not a duplicate ) . as to what is actually happening , it is likely that your aela is duplicating her hunting bow over and over again , until her inventory is chock full of hunting bows , to the detriment of everything else . this hunting bow ( like her ancient nord armor ) is part of her " default " inventory , and is therefore hidden as a result . without access to console commands , there is no way to get the extra hunting bows ( which are reducing her capacity ) out of her inventory . you can reset their carrying capacity with the following 3 commands ( with your follower as the target ) : removeallitems disable enable be sure to remove any equipment you have given her before doing this , as it will otherwise be lost .
even after further studies i could not find any indication that the different animations have different effects . it does not matter either way , as any decent fighter will punish you during the time you are dizzy . you can shorten the dizzy duration by pressing buttons as fast as you can .
there are two factors to consider here when using tower buff beams . length : the length of a tower buff beam has no effect on the stats of a beam . a super-short beam has the exact same stats as a maxed out length beam . the only difference here is the amount of defense units it costs to summon it . multiplier : the multiplier of the buff beam is dependent on your series ev 's tower stats . the higher the stats , the higher the multiplier . these multipliers scale differently ; damage scales the best , followed by damage resistance , attack rate , and lastly range ( range scales horribly ) . it is not uncommon for a seasoned player to have two series ev heroes ; one geared specifically for tower damage , and the other geared towards tower health . the damage buff beams would be used only on damaging towers like harpoons , while the tower health ev only summons physical beams and buff beams to make them even more resilient .
yes , donald and goofy continue to level normally if you swap them out with the world-specific character . i remember this from playing it , but trying to find an authoritative reference i did not turn up much . it is , however , listed as an example of the " leaked experience " trope : kingdom hearts also uses the " one experience progression " idea . [ . . . ] characters who are knocked out in combat do not gain experience in the first game . oddly , this meant that on the hard difficulty , it was actually easier for a good portion of the game to level glass cannon donald up by leaving him out of the party .
the dispatcher will give them to you ( i believe ) randomly , so you will be asked to return and replay crimes that you have already solved . there is no benefit to doing so , however . although sometimes you can fail a street crime , you will be told you have failed and given the option to retry it . it does not matter ( in most cases ) if you kill the perp or capture them . in fact , in most cases killing them is the only option .
i do not know if you can tell from the case selection screen , but when you are in free play mode , you can check the map . street crimes you have solved are shown as gray icons ( i believe they look like a person walking ) on the map . if all you see is gray icons , you have done all the street crimes for that desk . if you see one you have not done , you can set it as your waypoint , and then you will get that crime immediately - without having to wait for the dispatcher to work its way around to that one . this really helps if there is just one or two crimes left to go on a desk , or if there is a set of them close together that you had like to tackle as a group . this guide seems to back me up , and also makes note of a couple of other caveats : how do you know which ones you have completed ? the ones you have completed show up as grey on the map and the ones you havent will be red . free roam shows all available street crimes at that time frame [ whereas ] in-story only shows when [ you are ] in the vicinity .
there are a few things that are unlocked in the " bionic commando " remake by doing certain things in " bionic commando : rearmed . " the bc retro outfit is one of them . you have to have a bc : rearmed save with this unlocked in order to use the skin in the other game . the unlocks are : - bc retro outfit - complete bc : rearmed . - prototype weapon - get the albatross icon from the last level of bc : rearmed - purple matrix - after getting all the yashicis , find the purple matrix item in area 00
yes ! just used it , jumped straight to ng+ on grounded .
i know you will find another oran berry later in the game ; i skipped the miltank thing ( it is not important for completing the game ) and eventually came across another berry , though i do not remember exactly where . you can get blue shards from smashing rocks , then trade with the juggler in violet city . but probably the easiest way is to send a pokemon to the refreshing field area on the pokewalker . once you have 300 steps in one day , use the dowsing machine and there is a good chance you will obtain an oran berry . once you have one oran berry , transfer it back to your game , plant it in your berry pot , and water it regularly ( about every 4 hours ) . you should get several more , which you can replant again and again .
do not worry , your items are still there , the steam inventory api is just down . the steam inventory api goes down all the time . it happens often during high server-loads , like during summer/winter sales or during big tournaments , but it also happens at less frequently at completely arbitrary times . there is nothing any of us can do but wait . two sites you can use to check the status of the various steam servers/apis are steamstat and steamgauges . if you are really worried that your account got hacked and all your items traded away , you can check your trade history and see if all your items were recently traded away . it is extremely unlikely though , since most people have at least one untradable item . even if all your tradable items were stolen , you had still have something .
yeah , same thing happened to me , but i would not think much of it , as it is in closed beta still and is not perfect yet . i have notified valve , and they will probably get on that soon , because closed beta is just that- people playing the game , detecting problems , and reporting then to the devs to fix . all in all , there is no fix that us users can implement , but valve is good about stuff like that , so keep up with their response . ( if any )
there is no difference between the two . they are functionally the same . power is a stat that is seen across all classes , but the definition of " force power " is usually only see on gear that is worn by force users ( sith warrior , sith inquisitor jedi knight , jedi consular ) , same goes for " tech power " for tech users ( imperial agent/bounty hunter/smuggler/storm trooper ) . the answer can be found in this other related question : what effect do the lesser character stats have ?
i am going to assume you mean these : that is the dlc indicator . the symbols are general knoxx , moxxi 's underdome , and island of dr . ned , from left to right . if there is a checkmark by it like so , it means that the host has the dlc . if you see a black x in a red circle next to the image , like this , then the host does not have that particular piece of dlc . you can see in this particular example that the host has none of the dlc at all .
i eventually succeeded by lurking in the left lane ( fortunately no oncoming traffic in this level ) until there was a large enough gap in the traffic to slip around the corner . very inelegant , but a solution for this annoying bug .
to my knowledge , microsoft is generally very close-guarded about xbox 360 title updates in general . more likely than not , a large percentage of them are security and stability updates . the best resource i have found thus far to keep up with major title updates is the blog of major nelson . he is the de facto " head xbox spokesman " at microsoft , and seems to generally try to comment on title updates when he is able and has useful knowledge to impart . definitely when there is news about a title update bringing big new features , major nelson has been amongst the first that i have seen to announce them . major nelson 's podcast will also sometimes feature comments on title updates . beyond that , often individual publishers and developers have different pr plans . if you track down individual game websites , sometimes they will comment on their own title updates and what to expect from them . often these tend to correspond with dlc releases , and so can often additional information on title updates is sometimes buried in pr releases that are sent to news sites about a game 's dlc . i do not think anything more comprehensive exists , and i am not sure it would be allowed to exist . certainly few gaming systems can be as usefully informative about game updates as valve 's steam often tries to be .
i am assuming you mean the vines , as you speak of dirt blocks , and the vines grow from those . they do look like liane . the dirt block needs to have grass on it . and grass spreads from other grassy dirt blocks . or , you can use grass seeds , or the staff of regrowth . the only requirement i can find is just a grassy dirt block . sunlight , underground/aboveground . it all does not matter .
i have been unable to find anything documented anywhere stating the time frame of the " temporary " bans based on the offense . my ban was finally lifted 1 week after it was instated . i would venture that this is probably a standard time frame for the first offense of unsportsmanlike conduct .
[ w ] e went with kill , streak , streak ended . &mdash ; lol ui designer and from their published screenshots here and here : single yellow sword : kill multiple blue swords : kill streak downward sword : breaking someone 's kill streak the background is if it was a kill for your team ( green ) or theirs ( red )
my experience with pc minecraft tells me this is either one of the following : the chunks are not being loaded properly or are taking a longer time to load . in this aspect , it will look like a cube ( or column ) of matter vanishes and you have the ( temporary ) ability to look into the surrounding blocks . lag in multiplayer , coupled with the before . very large maps ( in the range of > 1000 m from the first spawn ) .
this sounds like plain-old void fog , which is removed by exposure to the zenith . it gradually returns further away , similar to the light pattern around a torch .
pets come in different rarity levels , common , uncommon , rare , legendary and divine . each pet can also have up to three abilities depending on their rarity level , and the abilities are improved by feeding pets items . - rotmg wiki pets are dropped by gods and can be hatched while in the pet yard by shift-clicking on the egg in your inventory . once hatched , a pet has one ability but can be fused with another pet to unlock more . pet abilities can include heal , magic heal , attacks of various ranges and powers ( close , mid , and far ) , decoy , electric ( paralyzes nearby enemies ) and more . the healing powers are the most useful ones imo , because the damage that pets do is barely noticeable . once hatched , there is no way to lose your pet . the egg will disappear from your inventory , and if you die with it it returns to the pet yard . " feeding " your pet items will increase the level of its abilities for a cost of a little fame . the cost goes up as your pet becomes more powerful , so try to feed it only items with a high feed value . you can " fuse " your pet with another of the same type , which increases its ability cap and sometimes changes its size/shape and unlocks new abilities . never fuse your pet before its abilities have " maxed " , or it will never be able to get to its full potential . for ( much ) more information , either talk to the keeper in the pet yard or see the wiki 's page on pets . ( i have not talked about the pet yard upgrades and probably missed other things . )
there is an inexplicable graphical glitch in skyrim where items will be found invisible . i am not sure if items can turn invisible , but try to interact with the space in which you left the book . also , make sure that you thoroughly check your inventory/chests . you may have just misplaced the book .
the cheapest option is definitely going to be the usb route as mentioned by others . ignoring the fact that microsoft 's hardware prices are inflated and overpriced , if you go strictly off a cost per gb , then buying the console with the 250gb drive is your best bet for the money . using the averages prices these days i would assume the standalone drives have a warranty of their own , and the one with the console would be part of the console warranty , but i am not sure on those .
it depends , i like to choose a support based on the adc early game play , if the adc is squishy , let 's say for example Ezreal , i am more likely to pick Soraka or Sona to sustain him on lane . but , if you have a more sustainable adc , you can pick a more aggressive support like Leona , Nunu or Zyra . another thing to observe is the synergy of support/adc level , Leona has her q , w and e ready by level 3 , which can combo really good with Graves , where in this level he is really great . we could also mention some good combos like Ashe and Janna , due to the synergy of janna 's shield and ashe is crit , and ashe is slow with janna 's slow . besides , picking a champion that you enjoy playing , which will also help in your performance , you could ask the adc which support he enjoys to play with , if he has any preference and you feel his preference is useful , you could pick it too . i found the league support suggester , a recommendation software to provide the best support for your current needs . i have also found the following chart which really helps me when to choose a good support for my adc , i usually pick one of the three recommended :
the mission types and dates are determined at the time of the council report for the prior month . you can verify this by making a save just before the report , and one just after . ufo interceptions/landings , terror + council missions etc . will always be the same if you load the game just after but will change if you load the save before . update : as phantom42 notes and i have observed before also , the exact mission type will change upon reload . while council mission would always occur on may 7th , whether it is an escort/extraction/bomb defusal mission may still vary upon reloading . similarly , type of requests from countries will vary upon reload .
if you have cheats enabled in the world then you can use the command /kill to respawn at the spawn point . you can use the command /gamerule keepInventory true to avoid losing items on death .
based on this table of status effects from the wiki , a potion of regeneration or a golden apple will give you regeneration for a short time , which should heal hearts over time faster than you lose them from the wither effect ( 1 gained every 25 ticks from the regeneration versus 1 lost every 40 ticks from the withering ) . also , drinking a bucket of milk can remove all status effects .
it does not matter if you save her or wait for the conclusion of the concert they both lead to the same scene . . .
this website allows you to provide a list of cities and then shows optimal times when an event might be scheduled : http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meeting.html
i would not call it foolproof because it is lengthy , but there is a relatively straightforward way of transferring your data . it is called the data transfer utility and requires an ethernet cable . the manual states the following : preparing the systems to transfer data before starting the data transfer operation , you must perform the following steps . update the system software of both ps3 systems to the latest version . prepare the ps3 system that will send the data ( the source system ) . if multiple users exist on the source ps3 system , you must perform the following operations for all of the users before starting the data transfer operation . create a playstationnetwork account if a user does not have an account . - select ( playstationnetwork ) > ( sign up ) , and then follow the on-screen instructions to create an account . deactivate the ps3 system if the data to be transferred contains content that was purchased from playstationstore . - select ( playstationnetwork ) > ( account management ) > ( system activation ) . back up , or " sync " , trophy information on the ps3 system with the playstationnetwork server if you want to transfer trophy information . - sign in to playstationnetwork , and then select ( game ) > ( trophy collection ) . sign in to ( playstationhome ) before transferring the data if you have obtained reward items for use in ( playstationhome ) on the source system . back up your profile information and stages you created in littlebigplanet to your saved game . you can then use the data that was backed up when playing littlebigplanet on the destination ps3 system . notice the following restrictions apply if you perform the data transfer operation without creating a playstationnetwork account : you may not be able to use the saved data on the destination ps3 system . you may no longer be able to earn trophies using the saved data that you transferred . trophy information is not transferred . transferring data turn off both ps3 systems , and then perform the following steps . if the transferred data is saved game data that is copy-prohibited or data that is copyright-protected , it will be moved to the destination ps3 system and deleted from the source ps3 system . using an ethernet cable , make a direct connection between the two ps3 systems . you can use either an ethernet straight-through cable or an ethernet crossover cable . connect the ps3 systems to different video input connectors on the tv . for example , use the hdmi input connector and the video input connector on the tv . turn on the tv , and then turn on the ps3 systems . use the tv remote control to switch the video input to display the screen of the source ps3 system . on the source ps3 system , select ( settings ) > ( system settings ) > [ data transfer utility ] . select [ 1 . transfer data from this system to the other ps3 system . ] . if you did not complete the preparation steps described earlier , follow the on-screen instructions to complete these steps . when the ps3 system is on standby to begin the data transfer , use the tv remote control to switch the video input to display the screen of the destination ps3 system . on the destination ps3 system , select ( settings ) > ( system settings ) > [ data transfer utility ] . select [ 2 . transfer data from the other ps3 system to this system . ] follow the on-screen instructions to complete the operation . hints after the data transfer operation has been completed , you can turn off the source ps3 system . set the tv to display the screen of the source ps3 system , and then select ( users ) > ( turn off system ) . if content that was downloaded from playstationstore was transferred as part of this operation , you must activate the destination ps3 system before you can use the data . log in to the ps3 system as the user who owns the content , and then select ( playstationnetwork ) > ( account management ) > ( system activation ) to activate the system . limitations of the data transfer utility some types of data cannot be transferred using the data transfer utility , and some types of data can be transferred but not played on the destination ps3 system . for the latest information , visit the sce website for your region . the following types of data are not transferrable : video content that has been downloaded as a rental from playstationstore ( file type : mnv ) tracks ( including " songpacks" ) for the singstar software that have been saved on the ps3 system 's hard disk copyright-protected video files ( file types : mgv and ets ) video files that are compatible with the divx vod ( video on demand ) service the following playstation2 format software titles , if they are installed on the ps3 system 's hard disk : [ nobunaga 's ambition online ] and [ expansion packs ] [ final fantasy xi ] and [ expansion discs ] [ socom ii : u.s. navy seals ] and [ related discs included with opm* issue 87 , opm* issue 88 , opm* issue 89 , opm* issue 90 ] socom 3: u.s. navy seals socom : u.s. navy seals combined assault for the following data types , you must perform some additional steps after completing the data transfer to be able to use the data : application data for life with playstation download and install the life with playstation application on the destination ps3 system . you can continue to accumulate contribution points for the playstationnetwork ranking system of the folding@home channel . gripshift when you start the game for the first time after the data transfer operation , an error message will be displayed and you will not be able to play the game . to play the game , download and install the game again . saved data for ghostbusters and ghostbusters: the video game the saved game will not be recognized when you start the game for the first time after the data transfer operation . to use the saved data , quit the game , and then start the game again . official playstation magazine hint some software titles may not be sold in some regions . just so you know , the destination console may shut itself down after the transfer is complete . if you also intend to swap hard drives this is slightly harder . as you probably know by this point , ps3s format their drives on install so it is not like you can just plug your old drive in an go . there is this handy guide on how to do this . in it it mentions this useful backup tool as well as the data transfer tool . the guide states as follows : . . . to avoid redownloading gigabytes upon gigabytes worth of digital gaming and destroying my monthly bandwidth alottment , i did the following : backed up my protected saves just in case things didnt go according to plan . purged unnecessary game data ( ie : installs , patches , demos etc ) performed a backup to an external hard drive using the backup utility once the backup was complete , removed the hard drives ( 320gb and 160gb in my case ) from both consoles and swapped them . booted up each console and performed the requested formatting of each drive . restored the backup from step 3 onto the old playstation 3 . once the restore was complete , initiated a transfer via the data transfer utility the data transfer utility worked as described ; all my psn games , themes and saves ( protected and otherwise ) made it across the ethernet cable into the new ps3 . note : the destination console may shut itself down after the transfer is complete .
yes , contract cards are single-use : one time only on one player only . as with many other aspects of ultimate team play , there is precious little documentation available , but plenty of anecdotal evidence to sift through . in general , when you have a question about ultimate team , it is safe to assume that the least favorable aspect applies ( having a player appear for one play will subtract one game from his contract , losing your connection during a game will count as if you had finished the game except that you will not get any coins ) .
altar does not kill her , so you can not choose to do so . her fate will be explained in assassin 's creed : revelations in the altar memories .
yes ! they are a pain to take out , but when you do , you will likely complete a bonus mission ( all of the ones i have managed to blow up so far have ) in addition to providing a nice chunk of xp . the bottom of first cartel listening station for example will give you 500 points for the kill and just under 3000 for completing the bonus mission . i try to save my missiles for those items in particular since they are definitely hardened targets . edit for additional info : the space stations and capital ship bridges i have destroyed so far have been bonus missions all by themselves with no other targets . blow them up and you instantly get both the base experience and the bonus mission experience . there can certainly be multiple bonus missions per encounter . one listening station had the fighter ships , the communications relay ( the hard point at the bottom ) , as well as satellites plus turrets . essentially , if you can target it , it can be blow up . i try to blow up everything i can , and make a mental note of what triggers a bonus mission . i have not come across a good guide to all of the bonuses yet . only one way to find out - blow up all the things !
in filia in the northern part of the map there is an area called errans canyon . travel to the top left of errans canyon with a l-rod . there should be some crumbled looking pillars . use the l-rod there and a bridge should appear that you can cross to get to courcle .
no , it will not be used , as stated in the faq for tf2 mvm . q : what if i complete a mission that i have already completed on my tour of duty badge ? in this case , your tour of duty ticket will not be consumed , and your tour of duty progress will not be updated . squad surplus vouchers , however , will always be redeemed for items when a mission is completed successfully . source
yes , you can toggle this feature on and off by clicking a button at the bottom of the ui . the button looks like a magnifying glass . if you toggle it ' on ' , pressing alt with hide loot . handy !
while this may not be the only way , this is a way that works : go to this site , and scoll down until you see the " contact us " box on the right hand side of the webpage . right above it will be another , smaller box with " supply crate keys " on it . click the link , and you should be able to buy a key ( tested myself ) as to why the wiki site link did not work , i would guess that the sites link is broken , possibly linking to a old store page
the t7-01 companion is for jedi knights only . so to answer your first question , it is not possible to get a t7-01 on your jedi consular . as to when you will get your first companion - keep following the main story quests , and you will get your first companion : qyzen fess . jedi knights temporarily get a taste of their first companion around level 5 , much earlier than the other classes who only get theirs shortly before leaving their starting planet .
on the pc at least , caps lock key toggles " always run . " did you accidentally hit it and turn it off ?
death prophet is a very strong midgame carry with great pushing , which fits her nicely into the current metagame . her ultimate does absurd amounts of damage , the problem is that she is naturally a rather squishy hero and thus can not effectively stay alive long enough for it to deal damage . she is also rather level dependent and has no escape mechanism , making her in a solo mid role extremely vulnerable to ganks , especially in high tier play . i almost exclusively take her solo mid despite this , however , as she needs the levels and gains a lot of effectiveness from rune control . she is also not great in 1v2 lanes , even the safe lane . starting items : 3 branches , +3 int , +2 all , and tangos . rush yourself a bottle and then arcane boots as soon as possible , finishing the talisman and magic wand when available . an alternative start is 3 iron branches , 2x +3 str , and tangos , which will let you get a quick urn . usually there is a better wielder on your team as she is not a great ganker , but this item is stupidly powerful and every team should have one , so pick one up if you do not expect anyone else to . use your wave at x:50 or so to push the lane and control runes- this makes your opponent have to choose between experience from your now advancing creep wave or contesting the rune . if it is invisibility or haste consider ganking ; if it is regeneration or illusion use it to gain an advantage in your lane , and if it is dd you can do either . in lane , try to use her wave to pick up multiple last hits and harass at the same time- the range is enormous but it must be cast carefully . be very wary of missing opponents and ask for wards if you do not have them , her early game needs to be strong or you will have a weak midgame . from there you will be working towards a bloodstone , typically picking up the point booster and vitality booster first and disassembling your arcane boots to complete the soul booster , which gives great regeneration in and of itself . ( i just learned this last trick recently so you will not see it in the replays below . ) if you are farming extremely well and do not feel that you need the extra hp , you can pick up the perseverance pieces first to improve your farming even more . turn your now plain boots into phase boots at some point during this time , or if your team really needs it get another set of arcane boots . when you have finished bloodstone , you want other stuff that is going to keep you alive . against heavy physical damage opponents go blademail , shivas , or assault curiass . against a singular hard carry go sheepstick , cyclone , or ghost scepter . against heavy magic damage opposition go hood , pipe , or heart . extremely rarely you can consider a bkb , but since her ultimate is not too affected by disables unless it remains uncast you usually should not worry about it . typical skillbuild : qeqwqrqeeerwww+r . . . this rarely changes , the only possible difference might be swapping silence and e at level 2/4 . in teamfights , her ultimate needs to be used aggressively , because as you pointed out , they can just run away from it . if they chose to run away , you should be getting a free tower , so only ultimate when you need to- if the threat of your ultimate is making the team wary of defending the tower , take the tower for free and keep going . you should be coordinating with your team during midgame to push as soon as possible , usually taking all tier 1 towers before 15 minutes . the range on her ultimate is huge , you need to be focusing your spirits to deal damage to buildings from afar . if they want to initiate on you , they should have to go through your team to do it . choose a key target and right click them : your spirits will attack whatever you do . do not undervalue her silence , at 6 seconds and with an extremely large aoe she is formidable as hell in teamfights . the later the game goes , however , the weaker she becomes . like most midgame carries , her effectiveness compared to other heroes peaks at level 16 , and so if the game lasts more than 40-45 minutes you had best not be the only carry on your team . i am 10-2 with this hero , here are some example matchid 's of my play : 9235655: a 1v2 safe lane for a change : 5 minute arcane boots , 18 minute bloodstone , 27 minute heart . 8749900: a coordinated push team with friends after we saw our opponents take far too many carries . 8366759: rather typical game showing how strong she is in lane , even against the highly-valued rhasta . 3391570: just a complete stomp . 3053432: a game against a lot of good counters of krobelus that borders on going too long .
there are some challenges that do not appear until you have completed others : enemies : little person , big pain : kill 10 midgets load and lock : kill 20 loaders bully the bullies : kill 25 bullymongs cruising for a bruising : kill 10 bruisers marauder ? i hardly know ' er : kill 20 marauders you dirty rat : kill 10 rats mama 's boys : kill 50 psychos you ( no ) mad , bro ? : kill 10 nomads short-chained : shoot a chain to release midgets from shield hurly burly : shoot 10 bullymong-tossed projectiles out of midair just a moment of your time . . . : kill 10 surveyors why so mich hirt ? ! : kill 10 goliaths paigineering : kill 10 hyperion personnel constructor destructor : kill 5 constructors another bug hunt : kill 10 varkids ( unlocked with tundra express ) tentacle obsession : kill 10 threshers ( unlocked with highlands - outwash ) pest control : kill 10 spiderants ( unlocked with frostburn canyon ) crystals are a girl 's best friend : kill 10 crystalisks ( unlocked with the fridge ) pod pew pew : kill 10 varkid pods before they hatch ( unlocked with tundra express ) die in the friendly skies : kill 10 buzzards ( unlocked with the dust ) you are one ugly mother . . . : kill 10 stalkers * ( unlocked with the highlands - outwash ) skags to riches : kill 10 skags ( unlocked with three horns - divide ) elemental : slag-licked : deal 5000 bonus damage to slagged enemies boom . : kill 20 enemies with explosive damage cowering inferno : ignite 25 enemies say ' watt ' again : deal 5000 electrocute damage corroderate : deal 2500 corrosion damage i just want to set the world on fire : deal 5000 burn damage acid trip : kill 20 enemies with corrode damage loot open pandora 's boxes : open 50 lootable chests , lockers , and other objects the call of booty : open 5 treasure chests nothing rymes with orange : loot or purchase 1 orange item purple reign : loot or purchase 2 purple items i like my treasure rare : loot or purchase 5 blue items it is not easy looting green : loot or purchase 20 green items another man 's treasure : loot or purchase 50 white items gun runner : pick up or purchase 10 weapons money and trading : psst , hey buddy . . . : trade with 1 other player whaddaya buyin ' ? : purchase 2 items with eridium limited-time offer : buy 1 " item of the day " wholesale : sell 10 items to vending machines for the hoard ! : save $10,000 dolla dolla bills , y'all : pickup $5,000 from cash drops vehicle : passive aggressive : kill 1 enemy while riding as a passenger turret syndrome : kill 10 enemies with a turret or vehicle mounted weapon blue sparks : kill 5 enemies while power sliding hit-and-fun : kill 5 enemies by ramming them with a vehicle . . . one van leaves - kill 5 vehicles while in a vehicle health and recovery : i will just help myself : get 5 " second winds " by killing an enemy this is no time for lazy ! : revive a co-op partner 5 times badass bingo : get 1 " second wind " by killing a badass enemy heal plz : heal 1000 points worth of damage death , wind , and fire : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy with burn damage over time ( unlocked after cowering inferno level 1 ) green meanie : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy with corrosive damage over time ( unlocked after completing acid trip level 1 ) i am back ! shocked ? : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy by electrocution damage over time ( unlocked after say " watt " again level 1 ) grenades : woah , black betty : kill 10 enemies with bouncing betty grenades health vampire : kill 10 enemies with transfusion grenades pull the pin : kill 10 enemies with grenades chemical sprayer : kill 10 enemies with " area of effect " grenades explooooosions ! : kill 10 enemies with mirv grenades singled out : kill 10 enemies with singularity grenades shields : ammo eater : absorb 20 ammo with an absorption shield roid rage : kill 5 enemies while buffed by a " maylay " shield game of thorns : kill 5 enemies with reflected damage from a spike shield amp it up : kill 5 enemies while buffed by an amplify shield super novas : kill 5 enemies with a nova burst shield rocket launcher : rocket and roll : kill 10 enemies with rocket launchers gone with the second wind : get 2 " second winds " with rocket launchers sky rockets in flight . . . : kill 25 enemies from long range with rocket launchers ( unlocked after gone with the second wind level 1 ) shield basher : kill 5 shielded enemies with 1 rocket each * ( unlocked after splish splash level 1 ) splish splash - kill 200 enemies with rocket launcher splash damage ( unlocked after rocket and roll level 1 ) catch-a-rocket : kill 5 enemies with direct rocket hits ( unlocked after splish splash level 5 ) sniper rifle longshot : kill 20 enemies with sniper rifles longshot headshot : get 25 critical hits with sniper rifles leaf on the second wind : get 2 " second winds " using sniper rifles eviscerated : kill 5 shielded enemies with 1 sniper rifle shot ( unlocked after longshot level 1 ) no scope , no problem : kill 5 enemies without using zoom ( unlocked after longshot level 1 ) snipe hunting - kill 10 enemies with critical hits using sniper rifles ( unlocked after longshot headshot level 1 ) surprise ! - kill 5 unaware enemies with sniper rifles ( unlocked after no scope , no problem level 1 ) assault rifle : aggravated assault : kill 25 enemies with assault rifles from my cold , dead hands : get 5 " second winds " using assault rifles this is my rifle . . . : get 25 critical hits with assault rifles . . . this is my gun : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using assault rifles ( unlocked after this is my rifle . . . level 1 ) crouching tiger , hidden assault rifle : kill 25 enemies with assault rifles while crouched ( unlocked after aggravated assault level 1 ) smg : hail of bullets : kill 25 enemies with smgs constructive criticism : get 25 critical hits with smgs high rate of ire : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using smgs more like submachine fun : get 2 " second winds " with smgs ( unlocked after constructive criticism level 1 ) shotgun : faceful of buckshot : get 50 critical hits with shotguns shotgun ! : kill 25 enemies with shotguns lock , stock , and . . . : get 2 " second winds " with shotguns shotgun surgeon : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using shotguns open wide ! : kill 750 enemies from point-blank range with shotguns shotgun sniper : kill 10 enemies from long range with shotguns ( unlocked after open wide ! level 5 ) pistol : hard boiled : get 2 " second winds " with pistols the killer : kill 25 enemies with pistols deadeye : get 25 critical hits with pistols quickdraw : kill 10 enemies shortly after entering ironsights ( unlocked after the killer level 1 ) pistolero : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using pistols ( unlocked after deadeye level 1 ) melee : fisticuffs ! : kill 25 enemies with melee attacks a squall of violence : kill 20 enemies with bladed guns ( unlocked after fisticuffs ! level 1 ) general combat : knee-deep in brass : fire 1000 rounds afternoon delight : kill 50 enemies during the day . . . to pay the bills : kill 20 enemies while using your action skills critical acclaim : kill 20 enemies with critical hits . . . i got to boogie : kill 10 enemies at night boomerbang : kill 5 enemies with tediore reloads gun slinger : deal 5,000 damage with tediore reloads not full of monkeys : kill 10 enemies with stationary barrels miscellaneous : jeeeeenkinssssss ! ! ! : kill jimmy jenkins once sidejacked : complete 5 side missions compl33tionist : complete 10 optional mission objectives haters gonna hate : win 1 duel yo dawg i herd you like challenges : complete 5 challenges in particular " shotgun sniper " and " catch-a-rocket " only unlock after completing other challenges to level 5 .
what the commentators were actually referring to was the was one of the secondary effects of timbersaw 's first skill , whirling death . the effect is that if an enemy hero is hit , their primary attribute is reduced by 15% . since each point of strength is equal to 19 maximum hit points , whirling death effectively deals an extra . 15 * 19 * the hero 's strength points of damage to strength heroes . source : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/timbersaw
oddly , stone paths appear to be better at attracting visitors . to test this i filled one island completely with either sort of path . stone paths : 185 visitors marble paths : 93 visitors : some other stuff in my park changed between the two screenshots , but the stone paths i added in the first screenshot actually added more than 100 visitors on their own , so it seems pretty clear stone paths have unholy visitor attracting power .
split the workers by sending 3 to one side and 3 to other side . it does not give much advantage , but pros like to do it .
yes , all items upgraded through the foundry will be upgraded automatically once you research the upgrade , the only exception is the s.h.i. v laser , which will not upgrade your s.h.i. v if it is researched after the plasma s.h.i. v , which is superior . no , all the foundry projects are upgrades , except for the s.h.i. v , which allows you to build s.h.i. vs at your workshops . each s.h.i. v that you build costs resources according to its type .
kannik , one of the salarian merchants nearby , will give you the weapons , but you will have to bring him some artifacts . you will find him next to the the cipritine armory kiosk , which is in the upper right corner of the presidium commons map . we covered where to find the artifacts themselves here : what sort of artifacts is kannik looking for ?
the range of the arc thrower is up to 2 squares . if your target has more than 3 health , the success chance is very low . per wikia , capture rates are : 4 hp : 49% chance for success 3 hp : 70% chance for success 2 hp : 80% chance for success 1 hp : 90% chance for success once you have the upgraded arc thrower , the capture rates are : 7 hp : 49% chance for success 6 hp : 70% chance for success 5 hp : 75% chance for success 4 hp : 80% chance for success 3 hp : 85% chance for success 2 hp : 90% chance for success 1 hp : 95% chance for success
i recommend you watch the following movie , it sums up the basics of the first game 's concept to bring you up to speed : i do not think you need to know too much about the first game to enjoy the second one . you can always read the plot section in the game 's wikipedia article if you wish to know everything that happened in the first game .
to answer this question , let 's first look at the basic values associated with each building : in the table , we have the following values : name the name given to the building in the game . cost the amount of money you have to pay to buy the building . tax time ( m ) the amount of minutes you have to wait between payout cycles . tax amount $ the amount of money you earn each payout cycle . tax amount xp the amount of xp you earn each payout cycle . this data point is only included for informational value and will be ignored for any further value assessments . the first question that needs to be answered is , how many payout cycles does it need to pay off the initial investment for building the house ( return of investment ) ? new values in this table are : roi after ( t ) the amount of taps ( or payout cycles ) required to earn back what you initially invested in the building . roi after ( m ) the amount of minutes that will have passed for these payout cycles to happen . visualizing this value in a bar chart paints a clear picture : obviously , the brown house is the clear winner . it pays off the fastest and from there on everything goes right into the bank , right ? not so fast ! while it might pay off the fastest , other houses might have the potential to be more lucrative since they pay out more money . so , given enough time , the total earnings may be higher for them compared to the brown house . let 's check ! we are now introducing a new value : earnings per minute the amount of money you earn each minute by having built the given house . okay , so , obviously , the brown house is the best investment . it has the best roi and it also pays off the most amount per minute . right ? well , in theory , yes . but to make use of this money fountain , you would have to make sure to hit every payout cycle within the 24 hour window and tap on the house every 5 minutes . this is unrealistic in 2 regards : you will not be able to play the game 24 hours a day every day . you will not watch the game all the time to tap the house every 5 minutes . so , let 's look at the table again . we now have another 2 values : taps/day the theoretical total amount of payout cycles in a day . real taps/day a value that takes into account 8 hours of sleep time and assumes a delay between payout cycles . this delay drastically reduces the amount of realistic payout cycles for the brown house . the results show that the realistic payout for the high-frequency houses is much lower than initially assumed , while the low-frequency houses pay out close to their theoretical limit . they still pay out generally lower because the overlap between your sleep cycle and the payout cycle will vary . so , given these results , let 's revisit the roi again . again , we have 2 new values : roi after ( d ) the same as roi after ( m ) we had earlier , but converted to days . roi real ( d ) the roi in days , using our real taps/day as a basis for calculation . earnings/minute real how much we would actually be earning per minute , given that we do not play 24/7 every minute of the day . okay ! so , that did not change much . even if i only hit 50% of the projected payout cycles , the roi for the brown house is still superior to any other house ! and i earn money the quickest ! not so fast timmy ! we are still assuming 96 payouts per day for the brown house . a bit much if you ask me . the roi for the brown house will always be the best , but once you drop the number of payouts per day below 67 , the white house will earn at a faster rate . and if you drop the number of payouts even further , the purple house and blue house will earn faster as well . so the brown house is only the best long-term investment if you are able to keep your number of payout cycles high . but this is not even the end of the story . the lot you place a house on costs money as well . and you can only fit a limited amount of houses into each lot . so the size of the house is relevant as well . our new metrics : size the number of individual squares the house takes up . roi/square when each of the squares will have paid itself off ( in days ) . earnings/square how much money you will make off of each square in a day . hey , now the white house does not look too bad all of a sudden , does it ? and this is still with the assumed 97 payouts per day for the brown house . so it looks like the white house might overall be a better long-term investment . so there is one question left to answer . given the long roi time for the white house , how long does it take until it becomes a better investment than the brown house ? let 's take a lot of 16x16 as the base for our calculation ( we assume every house fits perfectly into this space , which is , of course , not entirely correct ) . here 's the projection for the first year . looking at those lines , it seems obvious that it'll take a couple more years for the white house to take over . mind you , this is still with 97 payouts per day for the brown house . how would the same look with something like 32 payouts per day for the brown house ? the point where the white house takes over is after 29 days . it is the best , realistic , investment given cost per square and realistic payout cycles per day . but i already hear you screaming , " what about the delay for the first payout cycle to kick in ? ! " yes , you are right , it is not like every house instantly starts paying out . it takes a while to build . while the white house takes a day to build , the brown house could already have paid out up to 287 times ! these earnings would only make up for 1 day difference in the projection pictured above . thus , they were ignored . references : http://simpsonswiki.com/wiki/the_simpsons:_tapped_out_homes http://simpsonstappedout.wikia.com/wiki/land_expansion
this is based on how many competitive matches you win , and hours spent in both competitive and casual servers ( official valve servers only ! ) bronze : 0 hours - 0 wins on operation phoenix maps . silver : 10 hours - 5 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . gold : 30 hours - 15 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . from wiki .
after you are logged into your account select options -> social tab -> uncheck the box that reads " mature language filter " in the bottom right hand corner .
it means you need level 1 in the healing skill . next time you level up , put a point there . the same goes for other schools of magic : in order to learn spells you first need to assigned points to the corresponding magic skill . if you do not have the skill yet , you learn it by completing the quest " search of the mandragora " in the gardens ; this is the third major area you visit and healing is the third school of magic .
liquid seduction is a potion that you can find/create/buy that temporarily increases your persuasion skill , but only with npcs of the opposite sex . besides that one item , the only differences i have noticed are all flavor in regards to how people speak to you and the context of certain quests ( him vs . her , king vs . queen , etc . ) .
yes . press the button once , quickly . holding the button to slash harder is meaningless .
normally in game when you socket a ruby into a weapon it will update the displayed dps to account for the increased damage but in the ah when people post weapons already socketed with rubies it is not updating the tooltip . the sort by dps does seem to be taking the socketed ruby into account though .
they can be resurrected by talking to one of the npc folks in town . . . for a price . the higher the level of your mercenary , the more expensive it will be . the maximum cost to resurrect your mercenary is 50,000 gold . resurrections can be performed by the following npcs in their respective acts : act i : kashya act ii : greiz act iii : asheara act iv : tyreal act v : qual-kehk if you do not see an option to resurrect your mercenary , then you either : do not currently have a mercenary active ( have not hired one ) your mercenary is active and alive you can check to see if you have one active if you press o to bring up it is stat/inventory menu .
as domescoper has already mentioned , completing all campaigns unlocks the infinite ammo skills for each weapon . the other skills that are unlocked by getting a certain number of kills with each weapon are master skills for that weapon , for example you can unlock " handgun master " . each of these master skills increase the damage dealt by that particular weapon . a full list of skills including the infinite ammo and master skills can be found here .
burrowed zerg units take full damage from all sources , as burrowing only hides the unit from sight . this includes damage from aoe abilities , like psionic storm or enemy infestors ' fungal growth , which do not require a target ( though you probably do not want to waste energy unless you are sure something is hidden there ) .
the font used by the gba game is embedded into the cartridge itself , and is a custom created font for the game . it is also a pixel font , so it will not scale well too far above the size it is in the game ( very small ) . there are many sprite ripping sites out there where you can find the font ( not going to link because it is of questionable legality ) if you want that exact font . however , if you just want a look-a-like , you can either just use a different bitmap font or find a different sans serif font . [ image source ]
endless space groups the varying planet types into different groups . by default , only class 1 planets will be colonizable , and you unlock the ability to colonize planets in the higher tiers as you move down the tech tree . by contrast , terraforming unlocks in the reverse order , so , as mentioned , you probably will not have favorable terraforming projects available until late game . generally though , you have to move up in class if you want a net positive in fids - otherwise you are either losing them , or swapping science and industry , etc . you can only have one exploit per planet , so i have listed them separately , as some planet types get increased benefit from multiple exploit types . category 1 planets ( 11 base fids ) terran base : 3/2/4/2 tier 3 exploits : 3/0/1/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/5/2 + exploit ocean base : 3/2/2/4 tier 3 exploits : 2/0/0/2 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/3/4 + exploit jungle base : 3/4/2/2 tier 3 exploits : 2/2/0/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/4/3/2 + exploit category 2 planets ( 10 base fids / -5 approval ) arid base : 2/2/5/1 tier 3 exploits : 1/0/3/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining dust : +1 xenotourism agencies science : +1 optics research lab total : 4/3/6/2 + exploit tundra base : 2/1/2/5 tier 3 exploits : 1/2/0/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 4/3/3/5 + exploit category 3 planets ( 7 base fids / -10 approval ) arctic base : 1/0/1/5 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/2 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining science : +1 non-baryonic collider total : 3/1/1/6 + exploit desert base : 1/5/0/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/2/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network science : +1 optics research lab total : 3/7/0/2 + exploit category 4 planets ( 5 base fids / -15 approval ) barren base : 0/1/4/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/3 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : dust : science : +2 non-baryonic collider +2 optics research lab total : 2/1/1/4 + exploit lava base : 0/4/1/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/3/0/0 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : +2 interplanetary transport network science : +2 optics research lab total : 2/6/1/2 + exploit category 5 planets ( 12 base fids / -20 approval / cannot terraform ) gas methane base : 0/10/1/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/1/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/10/1/2 + exploit gas helium base : 0/1/1/10 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/1 food : +1 wasteless supply chain total : 1/1/1/10 gas hydrogen base : 0/1/10/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/1/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/1/10/2 asteroid belt base : 0/4/4/4 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain industry : +1 interplanetary transport network total : 1/5/4/4 + exploit terraform priorities will come in a bit .
you can leave the area then come back , or save and reload the game . both ways the boulders will be back to their original positions .
first of all , let 's clarify the question . this situation will only happen during online tournaments . during offline lan events , players have infinite rp and ip as well as every champion purchased . during online tournaments though , players use their standard lol profiles . as a result , there is a decent chance that some summoners will be missing heroes . when that happens , a placeholder champion that never gets actual play like eve is chosen instead and replaced with the intended hero later on . as for why they do not just pick the heroes as soon as they are available ? in the current meta , the top and middle lanes are solo lanes . since solo lanes are 1v1 battles , having to face an enemy who counters you can be too much to overcome . as a result , teams try to pick these two lanes last , in order to avoid getting countered .
that is just tough luck you had there =p but yes , that can happen . i have been breeding togetic with hustle and they have given me some serene grace togepi all right . there is a ' workaround ' with the ability capsule which lets you change the ability of your pokemon to another ability it can have ( except if that other ability is a hidden ability ) , that is , if you have enough battle points ( bp ) to pay for one at the battle maison .
from the official wiki defeating enemy units ( +1 per unit ) rewards for heroic or karmic actions during events ( varies ) .
if you let a ufo go by without intercepting it , it is likely a battleship will come by later and shoot down a satellite . if you have at least two countries uncovered by satellites , you will get abduction missions . so , you can wait for the aliens to shoot down two of your satellites and then abduction missions should start appearing again .
before 1.3.1 , nether wart could only be grown in the nether . there are a couple of advantages , though they do not have anything to do with growth speed . planting large nether wart farms in the overworld might take up precious room , while in the nether you have lots of room , and since there are no creepers , you do not have to worry about lighting and mobs ( except for pigmen ) as long as the farm is enclosed .
there are several vendors who will sell you mark and recall , one that i remember being fairly easy to find is j'rasha in the foreign quarter of vivec . sirlonwe at the vivec mages ' guild also sells both halves of the spell , although i can not recall if there are any requirements for her to teach it to you ( such as being a member of the guild ) . balmora 's temple also has a pair of npcs ( llarara omayn and llathyno hlaalu ) who sell the two halves of the spell , and balmora 's one of the earliest towns you are likely to visit . if you are quite far from vivec or balmora and/or would prefer another location , there is a complete listing of all the npcs who will sell you these spells on the uesp wiki .
if you choose the " they are ready for battle . " renegade option , the students will be made into a biotic company in the alliance . this adds 75 war asset points in addition to renegade points . you will still be able to receive the 20 point bonus for kahlee sanders and the bonus for allowing grissom academy students/instructors access to the citadel .
electrocuting yourself is simple ! just stick a scalpel ( or anything small and metal , really ) into this electrical outlet ( within 10 seconds of starting if you want the achievement ) ! it will reverse your movement , making surgery incredibly difficult . left becomes right , forward becomes backward , and the awkward controls become . . . awkwarder . it is worth mentioning that there is also an achievement for being both drugged and electrocuted at the same time , as well as a subsequent achievement for completing the surgery in that fashion ( within 20 seconds of starting ) .
yes , there are some ' safe ' chests . you could camp them for some easy bucks . however , waiting a minute ( or whatever the respawn timer is ) for 100 credits seems me to be a waste of time . questing yields the most credits and experience per time , by far . there are a lot of daily repeatable quests , so i doubt you will run out of quests .
here 's a guide : link have fun looking for them .
the high impact payload swaps out the thor 's anti-air capability from being effective against swarms of light units ( explosive/normal ) to single targeting armored units ( high impact ) . in explosive payload ( default , classic mode ) , the thor does 4 missiles of 6 damage ( +6 vs light ) , with a 3 second cooldown . effective against units like mutalisks . note in this mode , against unarmored the missiles do the same amount of damage per shot , but slower . against armored targets , each missile is reduced by the armor amount , taking 4x the penalty of the high impact payload . in high impact payload mode the thor does 24 damage to a single target , with a 2 second cooldown . effective against units like void rays . source : gameplay and liquidpedia
you need to put some bare wire on it in the same place you want to connect the jacketed wire . this is so it looks like it touches the block instead of floating
there is not one . it is simply the sum of the levels of all of your multiplayer characters , plus bonuses earned from " promotion " .
increasing any class level in multiplayer ( +1 for every level ) , or a bonus from promoting a max level class ( which gives +10 n7 ) .
there are two village centers to consider here ; one on creation , and the one you actually care about . on world generation , the village 's well is considered the center ( or starting point ) of the village . it is the first structure placed , and the entire village construction is based upon the well 's location . the center of the village you actually care about is the centroid of all the doors in the immediate vicinity . if you took all the coordinates of all the doors in your village and averaged them together , this would be the area where golems would spawn . for additional details on the logic of the center of the village , read this section in the minecraft wiki .
these abilities are gained by performing specific actions , but they are not revealed to you until after you have done them . some examples : as you mentioned , axii is received after first using it in conversation . assassin is received after locating altair 's body in the prologue . cover is received by staying under triss 's magic shield for the duration of that event at the start of chapter 1 ( source ) . some of these are possible to miss , so it pays to be an explorer and a completionist .
i think that is it for the heavy workbench , the others seem to be for use in crafting the 80-something plus furniture types added , like the living loom to make the living wood furniture set , the honey dispenser to make the honey furniture set , the glass kiln to make the glass furniture set and so on and so forth . if you ask the guide what you can make with torches then most of it comes up ( if not all ) .
i duo as a squire with a monk and we have run across this problem as well . after doing some testing , i definitely see the problem you are talking about . i had not run into it on live because my monk friend found that pretty much the only way to solve this is to slightly skew the setup of the auras . overlapping setup : selling here you can see the problem you described . everything is overlapping evenly , and the snare field is inside the lightning field . unfortunately , you are unable to upgrade or sell the snare field without doing so on the lightning field first . however , you mentioned your friend plays an apprentice , and you are able to sell whatever is inside these fields . make sure you notice the icons next to your cursor , which will tell you which item you have selected . i highlighted those in the red box in the first 2 pictures . overlapping setup : repairing when repairing with a perfectly overlapping set of fields , as far as i can tell through testing , the repair icon will prioritize the field with the most damage . it is a bit hard to see , so i tried to zoom in the selected section , but the snare field has taken more damage than the lightning field , so even though the lightning field usually envelops the snare field , the repair option prioritizes it . and of course , if you hover directly over the barricade itself within the two fields , it will be prioritized . skewed setup this is what we do . he sets them up slightly skewed . the distance between them is large enough that you should be able to relatively easily repair , sell , or upgrade each individual field without sacrificing too much of the effectiveness you get by overlapping . i have colored each field the appropriate color where they do not overlap , then showed an example of where you can hover in order to work with each item in the picture . i stood in one spot and moved my cursor to each separate area , then photoshopped them all into one so i did not have to post multiple photos of just a moved cursor . with this setup , you should be able to more easily repair/upgrade/sell on the fly without sacrificing effectiveness . it gets more complicated the more you have in the fields of course , but hopefully this helps ! unless they release a patch or something that allows you to select a field inside another one , this is what my friends and i do in order to make this more clear .
i have done this many times before to hook around certain objects while playing . it is tricky but do-able . to control the over powered hook , the meter will sway the direction of where your hand leaves off . therefore , if you intentionally over power your shot , but obviously hook your arm to the left - the meter will sway to the left . ( same concept if you want to hook right ) . this works 95% of the time for myself , your results may vary .
quick restart is not actually an asbi feature . anyone ( who is server leader , of course ) can do it . just press f8 as soon as you see the red " mission failed " message , and look for a restart button at the bottom . you can also use this f8-restart anytime during a mission , when you feel like the players who are alive right now are unable to finish the mission . sadly , death cam is tougher to disable . asw_marine_death_cam 0 does the trick , however , it requires cheats to be enabled . moreover , as soon as you disable cheats , it goes back on . how to do it : in main menu open the console , and write there sv_cheats 1 enter asw_marine_death_cam 0 enter and then type map &lt;the map you want to play&gt; ( e . g . map as_sci1_bridge ) enter if you connect to an asbi server , leave it and then make your own server , it will have some similarities to the asbi servers , like no death cam and changed player collision . restarting the game removes these effects . you can disable death camera by installing sourcemod and using such command : sm_cvar asw_marine_death_cam 0 it works both for dedicated server and normal in-game server .
first , just in case you were not sure : finishing act 2 with a character unlocks their faction-appropriate base-class buff for all your characters , including characters of the opposite faction . any republic characters you make will get the knight buff in addition to their regular buff , and if you decide to level a consular ( for example ) , your juggernaut will get the inquisitor buff once your consular finishes act 2 . either the inquisitor/consular buff or the trooper/bh buff . the inquisitor/consular buff gives +5% to primary stats ( str/will/aim/cun ) and , more importantly +10% internal and elemental damage reduction . the boost to primary stats means you will do a little bit more damage and therefore generate a little bit more threat . internal and elemental damage are not nearly as common as physical damage , but 10% damage resistance can really make a difference in a long fight with a boss who inflicts those damage types regularly . the trooper/bh buff gives +5% endurance . more endurance means more hp . more hp means more " cushion " when tanking ; taking a crit , the healer messing up their rotation , you messing up your cooldown rotation , etc . are all less risky because you can take more hits before going down . it does not really matter , though . if you are in a flashpoint , odds are the 4 people will have all 4 buffs covered between them . if you are in a raid , it is a sure thing . picking up additional buffs is more of an aid when soloing ; that means it is actually more beneficial if you are planning on leveling multiple characters than it is for people who intend to concentrate on a single max-level character .
by first level , you mean the oswaroth 's battle right ? here is my final combination : hero attack lv+2 2 priest heal lv+2 each 2 fire mage attack lv+2 - hp lv2 each 1 royal guardian hp lv 3 , attack lv 3 i already passed that level . good luck !
to make your webmin run minecraft_server . 1.7.2 . jar : download the jar to your desktop open a terminal run : sudo mv /home/yourusernamehere/Desktop/minecraft_server.1.7.2.jar /usr/local/minecraft/minecraft_server.jar test with the ' minecraft server 1.5' module for webmin execute explanation of task # 3 : sudo -- execute with higher privileges mv -- move file #1 from /location/a/file#1 to /location/b/file#1nameorfile#1renamed judging by the source code in the module provided , this should work . i am not a webmin user , but i do know enough linux to understand what is going on under the hood aka ' to be dangerous ' . please note : the module only provides 1gb of ram to minecraft by default , if you find yourself needing more open the wbm and locate the line similar to : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx1G -D and change it to java_args=-Xms4G -Xmx4G -D for 4gb of ram allocation to minecraft or to have a range : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx4G -D which will give you a minimum of 1gb but no more than 4gb . to manually install the module : download from here : http://download.webmin.com/download/modules/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz unpack on desktop and make modifications above repack the archive ( cd ~/Desktop; rm ~/Desktop/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz; gzip minecraft-1.5.wbm; mv minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz minecraft.wbm.gz ) goto webmin click " webmin configuration " click " webmin modules " click the radio button for " from local file " click the ellipsis at the end of the " from local file " line and select the modified minecraft . wbm . gz click " install module " steps written from memory , so compression may be different as everyone does not use the same desktop manager/window manager . please comment if you have an issue with a particular step . automatically updating minecraft server for webmin : soon to be built using wget and a bash script will updating affect my minecraft world ? only as much as the update affects the game . built structures should be okay . how do i host it publically ? noip . com free dns . do not worry about ip addresses . port forward is a thing . in ubuntu linux distributions : ufw may cause you grief . should i worry about something else ? security questions ubuntu based questions programming/scripting questions other linux distribution questions where do i get minecraft server ? are you affliated with any company listed ? no i am not , but they are very reliable resources , until noip shuts down free managed dns hosting .
you list primarily tanky supports , who were hit the hardest with the removal of heart of gold . this leaves two other gp/10 items : philosopher 's stone and kage 's lucky pick . i ignored avarice blade as i do not feel it compliments the support role . a philo stone can build into shurelya 's reverie , eleisa 's miracle , or ohmwrecker . shurelya 's is still a great support item , and eleisa 's reduces the cooldowns of the summoner spells heal , clarity , and clairvoyance . it can also free an inventory spot if purchased early enough ! ohmwrecker is outshined by both items , and i do not recommend buying it on a support . kage 's lucky pick turns into shard of true ice , twin shadows , morellonomicon , or will of the ancients . the first two are most viable on a support , and the shard continues to provide gp/10 . so a lot of things affect whether gp/10 is still viable . for a philo stone : did you take heal or clairvoyance ? do you need extra sustain ? does your team need a shurelya 's ? is anyone else buying one ? for kage 's lucky pick : does your champion benefit from extra ap ? do you need additional cc ? another new item is the sightstone . for an investment of 950 gold , you can place up to 2 wards at a time , with each ward lasting 3 minutes . the sightstone holds 4 wards total and refills when you return to base . this breaks down to 50 gold/minute , and starts saving money after 19 minutes ( assuming you immediately place wards when available ) . it also provides +180 health , making it a strong choice for tanky supports . previously , gp/10 items were essential to compensate for the cost of wards . this is largely mitigated with the usage of a sightstone , freeing money for other items . a philosopher 's stone costs 700 gold and pays for itself in 23.33 minutes . kage 's lucky pick costs 765 and pays for itself in 25.5 minutes . these times are halved if you sell the item . because it takes so long to make money from gp/10 items , it is best to buy them as early as possible . compare this to the gold granted from kills/assists . a champion who has not been killed is worth 300 gold , and 50% of that for an assist . the more times a champion is killed , the less money the kill rewards , with a minimum of 15 gold . since 2 gp/10 items provide 60 gold/minute , you have to get a 150 gold assist every 2.5 minutes for assists to equal gp/10 items . you can get an additional 5 gp/10 from quints and masteries , resulting in 90 gold/minute and needing an assist every 1.66 minutes . the new pick-pocket mastery offers an additional avenue to generate gold . unfortunately , this is not very viable on melee supports . while supports are no longer required to get gp/10 items to support expensive ward-buying habits , these gp/10 items are still cost-efficient for longer games and they upgrade into items that are very useful for most supports . ultimately , the decision to buy gp/10 items comes down to play-style and preferences . if you prefer to play aggressively and need extra stats to stay alive , skip gp items . if you are trying to maximize gold gained , gp/10 is still the better choice ( unless you can get an assist every 1.6 minutes ! ) . tl ; dr : gp/10 is still very viable , especially since those items build into new support-focused items . however , it is no longer a necessity since the sightstone makes warding much cheaper .
there is a prisoner in falkreath called sinding who did a bad thing . you discover this by talking to a grieving father , although the elder scroll wiki says you can simply visit the prisioner . ill met by moonlight
there are two ways to do this but they both start the same way . pick the lock , sneak behind the guard in the room on the left , get your stuff . now you can either sneak out , pick the main door lock , go out kill the guards , pick the lock , go out however , you may not want to leave this jail so quickly . it has a bug that allows you to easily level up your pickpocket skill to 100 .
stat boosts , from either tonics or surges , disappear after one battle , whether the character with those boosts participates in that battle or not .
it depends if you talk about skill books or magazines . skill books give you +3 permanent boost and should be used immediately , or you could save them until you get comprehension perk since it will give you additional point increase per book you read . skill magazines give you temporary +10 skill boost for 1 minute and should be saved in case you run in some trouble and need a higher skill like lock picking high lock , sneaking near crowded areas . . . increased by +20 with comprehension perk . it is also good idea to collect one magazine for every skill and keep it in you inventory in case you get the voracious reader perk , with which you can copy skill magazines from your inventory at a workbench .
since a power failure can be caused for many reasons , it tough to say for sure . there are two fuses in these guys , and it is possible that one of them has been blown . there are instructions to remove and short-cut the fuse with a piece of wire here . alternatively , you can purchase replacement fuses online . if it is the system 's power supply or other failed component , you are better off buying a new one . while these are not very repairable , their low-cost makes them relatively replaceable .
you can ctrl+click the unit in the hud . that will select the same type of unit in the group even if they are not visible on screen .
if it is not too late to redo your special , consider lowering those 10s to 9s and collect the bobbleheads . this would allow you to increase your luck a little . with intense training ( which is worth considering since there are few good perks at low levels , especially if you are male and unable to take black widow ) , you had be able to get 5 and unlock two perks which would improve your loot . with poor luck you will get little loot , poor charisma makes it sell for less and poor intelligence prevents you putting ranks in skills . as i mentioned in my comments , you want to go to rivet city as soon as possible . ideally you want to reach rivet city and get the int bobblehead before level 4 . this allows you to take the essential educated feat at level 4 and , if you want more skillpoints , comprehension at level 5 . consider doing operation anchorage early . it is difficult but you will be rewarded with power armor training and the winterized t-51-b power armor . this gives you 55% damage reduction , which can be further improved with perks or med-x .
opportunity cards are added to your deck based on whether you qualify for them with your current qualities ; this includes the main qualities like persuasive and shadowy , but also story-related qualities like admirer of art , touched by fingerwork , and scholar of the correspondence . while you can freely affect your main qualities via equipment ( and you will qualify for stories including the effects of equipment ) , you can not affect story qualities via equipment . you can also change your bizarre , dreaded , and respectable via equipment , but there are no opportunity cards that are unlocked by those three qualities . owning certain items can make you qualify for particular cards . equipping an item does not have any further effect . the earliest examples are pets : the sulky bat , the deshrieked mandrake , and the reprehensible lizard will each add a new card to your opportunity deck if you own one . most locations will alter the opportunity deck , too . various places around fallen london proper might add a few cards to the opportunity deck . the full list is on one of the wikis , but , for example , watchmaker 's hill has the cards " a tavern dust-up " , " deal with a drunk old soldier " , and " the departed " . a handful of locations will completely replace your opportunity deck with entirely different cards , first discarding any face-up cards you have . the earliest example is the pickpocket 's promenade in spite , but there are many others : sailing on the zee , polythreme , each of the places of menace , etc . in those strange locations , none of the opportunity cards unlocked by your owned items will be in the opportunity deck .
no . bows are not considered ' two-handed weapons ' in this sense because they are based on the archery skill , not the two-handed skill . if it makes it easier , think of the skill as being named two-handed melee and abbreviated .
http://voobly.com supports aoe ii . in fact , the conquerors is the most played game there . it is an attempt to replace zone.com, the original service for playing aoe ii and the conquerors online .
piercing orb is one of the few signature spells that will go through all the enemies , you can rune shock pulse for that later on . i also liked it earlier when my wizard could go toe to toe in normal difficulty , using pulse with the explosive bolts rune that does corpse explosion . as a lightning spell , it also has a synergy with paralysis ( 8% chance to stun for 2 secs ) .
the best game modes to level up in would be conquest and rush . the reason these two are the best are because they contain objectives that are worth a lot of points . the fastest is probably conquest as capturing a point ( including neutralizing the point first ) will net you 450 points ( 350 for assisting a capture ) and there are many many points to cap per round . in addition , if you kill anyone while inside a flag 's area of influence , you will gain an extra 30 points per kill . rush is the second best as you can also get 600 points per objective ( 100 for arming , 500 for destroying . only 200 for defusing ) played , but they are are not as many , and it is harder to get defends etc .
new texture sets char fortress ( volcanic ) char marsh daelaam ark ( starship ) immortal forge ( space platform ) kaldir ( ice ) korhal city korhal platform korhal wastes moros ( installation ) phaeton ( desert ) skygeirr lab ( space platform ) skygeirr platform ( space platform ) umoja ( installation ) zerus ( jungle ) new objects this list is huge , so instead i will tell you how to find what items were added or modified . open the sc2 map editor , and choose a new document . select arcade map , choose the heart of the swarm dependencies , include campaign data . you can pick any map for this , it does not chage what models are available . hit f7 to open the data tool . right next to the search bar you can select your data source to narrow down the list of items it gives you . choose swarm . sc2mod or swarm . sc2campaign to see the list of all items that were added or modified . editor updates all the hots editor functionality updates and bug fixes were rolled into wol as well , so there are not any hots updates that you would not get in this category if you do not buy hots . however , there were a ton of updates made when hots released . general a new preload info dialog has been added for defining game data , asset files , and banks to be preloaded in-game . this is accessible from the map/mod menus in all modules . added color preferences for text preview display . the arcade info dialog has been renamed tbattle .netinfo . this info is now available for non-arcade maps as well . new sc2interface files : mods can now optionally be saved as sc2interface files as long as they dont have any data which affects gameplay . mod gameplay/interface status can be checked using the mod > mod status window . new export locales and import locales commands have been added . these are available under the map/mod > locales sub-menu . these can be used to export and import localized text to and from text files . the dependency dialog now includes a display of the full dependency chain resulting from the requested dependencies . dependency reference checking and validation now accounts for the full chain properly in all cases . the dependency dialog now issues a warning when multi mods are used in conjunction with story mods . these are designed to be mutually exclusive and could cause a variety of problems in game when combined . added toolbar button size preference . automatic backups for documents saved as component lists will now properly save multiple backup files . tutorial game variant will not be changed when other variants are added or removed . fixed various issues with downloading dependency data from battle .netwhen opening a document . fixed issues with team settings in variants for maps with a large number of players . fixed an issue where the editor could crash if the users build was not completely downloaded . ai module a new attack wave graphs window is now available from the data menu , for visualizing attack wave cost/supplies vs . time . cutscene module added cutscene frames . cutscene frames are dialog items you can play a cutscene in . new properties have been added : animation element : right-aligned : animations can now specify that they always end at the end of the block . weight : the blend value for this animation block . director node : reverb : the reverb to set while playing back the cutscene . auto destroy on end : when disabled , the cutscene will not be destroyed when it ends , but instead it will pause on the final frame . sound node : non-seeking : if enabled , causes the sound to not change its current time when the current time jumps . speaker mix : you can now set and animate the speaker mix values . fade node priority : allows you to specify the priority level of a fade when multiple scenes attempt to control fade . terrain is now automatically imported when starting the cutscene module . active light nodes will now search for a light suffixed with "_low " if graphics options are set to medium or low . new icons added for all node types ! added a new " time follows edits " mode under the edit menu that causes the timeline cursor to always follow the edited block . sound improvements : added sound group nodes : these folder-like nodes allow you to add sound nodes to them then set properties for all sounds inside the group at once . volume and pitch properties are now treated as multipliers instead of absolute values . setting sound index t-1 now causes it to pick a new variation each time it plays . sounds now properly fade out after their blocks end . sounds can now specify active shots . value changes that represent less than 0.1% of a difference no longer create new keys in auto key mode . you can now add multiple cutscene filters when playing back a cutscene . cutscenes are now played back in replays . fixed several issues related to undo/redo . fixed several issues related to element linking . you can now place or move objects at height zero if there is no terrain visible . actors with conversation nodes will now animate when not in view , allowing dialog to play at the correct time . active light elements no longer change the light one frame late . you can now chain together bookmark jumps . you can no longer use non-ascii characters in cutscene names or bookmark names . you can no longer rename the ( previewer ) scene . scenes with very large linking webs should now load much faster . fixed a bug where models would sometimes continue to draw when switching cutscenes . editing curve values should now preserve custom curve tangents . previewing from other modules will now set the cutscene module back to the ( previewer ) scene . data module added the data navigator window . this new window visualizes how objects are linked to one another . each tab in the data module now remembers its own view mode . model preview panes now animate with the model 's default animation , making effects easier to identify . new data types have been added : herd , herd node user type fields defining user links can optionally specify a required user type added a new select in palette command . added f2 support for renaming objects . show advanced values is now show basic field labels . instead of hiding advanced fields , it adds  ( basic )  to the name of basic fields and sorts them to the top . fixed size arrays are now edited as one control for each array entry rather than using a list-based ui . show default values is now sort fields by source . instead of hiding default values , it will sort values in the order : active document , user mod , blizzard mod , core mod . added field hint tooltips to dropdowns for enum type fields . structure sub-fields now properly display composite field hint tooltips . many new field hints added for abilities , actors , effects , and units . ability and weapon arc data values now accept 360 as values . overview manager added a new jump to instances command in the context menu for jumping from function definition to corresponding calls . added a new show global links only option in the view menu for seeing global trigger elements directly in the used by links . terrain module a new diamond region shape has been added . a new diagonal selection option has been added in the tools menu for selecting objects and terrain along the diagonal grid . a new view option has been added for displaying normal/upgraded creep , under view > show terrain > show creep upgraded . units marked as initially hidden will use an alpha fade effect in the editor display . palette existing objects lists now include a group filter and column , and context menus for add to group and remove from group . the water palette now includes a height slider for adjusting the height of the current water template . no fly zones now have three color states : normal ( no overlap ) , overlap ( hard radii overlap ) , and warning ( only soft radii overlap ) . for best pathing performance , avoid the warning state . foliage density maximum reduced to 2.0 per cell . anything larger than this significantly impacts game performance . added " force occlusion hide " to placed doodads , which forces doodads to be transparent if units are behind it . painted pathing visibility is now properly tied to visibility of the pathing layer . distance measurement now accounts for ramps properly . trigger module added a preview button for previewing sounds directly from parameter dialog . a view history navigation option , including back and forward commands , is now available from view > history sub-menu . a new explorer view has been added for seeing global elements referenced by the currently selected element , available under view > show explorer . a new smart group display has been added , which opens a second group only when an element is explicitly viewed via double-click or view selection command . this is toggled under view > show groups . libraries defined in the active document are now shown in the triggers list rather than the libraries list . the libraries list will only contain read-only dependency libraries . elements can now be dragged and dropped from one library to another . this will include updating all usage of those elements in the active document . a new view option has been added for setting default input focus on search fields vs . lists , available under view > view options > default focus on search fields . eliminated excessive delays when modifying functions which are heavily used in the document . comments can now be moved/pasted into switch cases . ability commands using any or all sub-types will now show all possible parameter values . unit trigger events now properly handle using a unit array element for the unit parameter . last created functions now return an empty value if the last creation failed , rather than the result of the previous creation . invalid effect ids will no longer be treated as " any effect " in events . data conversations with choices will now run properly in game , as long as cinematic mode is enabled . fixed an out of memory crash that could occur when adding a region to itself using triggers . it is now possible to copy triggers across libraries inside the same mod .
in rock band 3 , only one controller is used for vocals , no matter how many mics are connected . ( also , if you have " all instruments mode " on , then no controller is used for vocals . ) if you select solo , then singing is mostly the same as in rock band 1 and 2 , with a single track for the vocalist . ( while there are differences between older rb tracks and rb3 tracks , the mechanics are the same . ) if you select harmonies , then singing is the same as in beatles : rock band . one , two , or three vocal tracks will be available , depending on how the song was set up , and the track you match is based on your pitch , not on your microphone . that means the following things are true : you can sing both lead and harmony on some tracks , depending on where the harmony comes in . if you are singing in harmonies mode by yourself , you may need to do this , as some phrases may not have lead vocals . ( this also means that on some songs , you can actually get a double awesome on some phrases even when you are singing by yourself . ) on some songs , you may have difficulty on some phrases unless you have someone singing each part . because rb3 guesses the part you are singing based on pitch , if you do not match the track you intend to sing , it may match you to another part instead , even if you started off the phrase on your intended part . ( you can tell this is happening if a pitch arrow starts jumping back and forth between two parts . ) so , in your case , the first controller connected is assumed to be the vocalist 's controller , and that person will need to select songs . you can decide between yourselves who will sing each part for each song - if necessary , you can change parts during the song without having to switch mics .
my solution was to create a character , open a ticket in game and tell them the problem . within 20mins i tried my account and it worked ! however i was put onto a different continent . the stone brought be back to my own where i resumed my quest
if you change the camera style to rts mode under the gameplay options on the main menu , then you can pan using the arrow keys or with the mouse at the edge near the bottom of the screen where the ui is . i am not sure about zooming out more , but if you unrestrict the camera in the same menu , it might help you see better , although maybe not up , and it will also let you cheat and view the enemies troops .
i recorded and evaluated 238 hacks , 198 of own and 40 of enemy portals . i have found the following frequency of getting a portal key : overall probability of key 16,39% friendly probability of key 16,67% enemy probability of key 15,00% one can only guess what the real probability is , but i would guess about 15% . edit : some more details , because i was asked : the probability does not seem to depend on the level or the faction of the portal , although the confidence of this statement is much lower , because there are less samples for each condidtion . but the more samples there are for each condition , the closer the numbers are to the ones i reported above . note that this could change with each update , niantic could just tune some parameters without us noticing . my samples were all collected during march 2013 from the 14th to the 25th .
leaving aside the issue of varying resistances that you will encounter : as a rule of thumb , fire spells will do the most damage , including a chance to cause enemies to catch fire and continue to take damage for a few seconds . frost spells drain opponents stamina , and slow their movement . shock spells drain magicka , and can chain to other , nearby opponents . in addition , there are several perks specific to each damage type . above and beyond the pure damage increase perks , the disintegrate , deep freeze , and intense flames perks add a chance for an additional effect when casting shock , frost , or fire spells on a target , respectively .
juiced is a deathstreak reward received when you have died four times in a row without a kill , ( 3 times with hardline pro ) . you run faster than if you had just used lightweight , and it occurs on every respawn until you kill someone . http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/deathstreak http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/juiced
those illusion spells benefit from illusion perks which allow them to be cast on higher level creatures . if you do not take those perks , the spells become useless .
just the eu accounts . here you can find a blue answer on the official forums explaining that achievements , pets and mounts can only be shared by same-region accounts .
it is flavor text that means that your constitution score has gone up by one point . usually because a number of things such as using constitution-based skills or eating certain kinds of foods . of note , medium armor and heavy armor are con skills that train simply by wearing that armor and moving around , while polearms and staves and blunt all train just by attacking . but perhaps more to point - healing , which is your natural recovery , trains any time you heal up . so constitution tends to train pretty well in the background as a result , for any character .
other than using a guide , you basically need to wander around , though all the mission stones are marked on the map , so you do not have to wander too much . keep in mind that a number of the missions are not in the main gran pulse area , which includes mission 4 - it is in yaschas massif .
i have just downloaded the replay pack myself , and sure enough , none of them works . corrupted files maybe ? edit : i have just noticed the date this replay pack got posted ( 5th of march , 2010 ) - it was essentially before the official release , so that might explain why .
okay , it appears i was over-thinking this and by trying to be too clever i was making it harder on myself . i am making some progress on icing people now . here are my tips : 1 ) do not fight people with the x next to their name . i think it means they are dead and it does not seem to want to let you ice dead people . 2 ) do not repeatedly fight the same person . it is pointless . for some reason i do not understand you never seem to be able to ice them . 3 ) do randomly attack people ( excluding the ones in #1 above ) until you a ) beat them and b ) get the power attack button . then power attack them until they are iced or you accidentally kill them . if you accidentally kill them instead of icing them move on to the next person . 4 ) fighting people that are closer to your own strength/level seems to show the power-attack option more often . so do not bother trying to pick out weaklings . however , also do not pick fights with people 500 levels higher either . it is still slow going , but i iced 3 people so far today and i had not been able to ice a single person in 4 days of playing prior to that . i am still a little fuzzy on the game mechanics , but this strategy seems to be working so i am going with it . update : 5 ) you do not have to win the fight to ice the other fighter . if you are fighting just for the ice count . go ahead and power attack even if you lose as long as you are doing good damage on your attacks .
i think you are just a little confused about the process . the " hints " are not hints , they are instructions . wait until the button icon pops up ( which will be a random one of the four buttons ) and then push it , not beforehand .
are you sure you have not enabled the lolligators ? lolligators can cause a net loss of candy , which is probably your problem .
you can gave movement speed through 2 master abilities : initiator ( 3% ) and swiftness ( 4% ) . also , you can take summoner 's wrath to improve your sprint speed by 35% . obviously take ghost as your summoner . you can rune 3 movement speed quintessences for an addition 4.5% move speed . boots of mobility offer the largest boost , of +5 when out of combat . add in 5 phantom dancers for an additional 60% movespeed . finally , while it is not sustained , rammus ' powerball move reaches the highest speed of any champion . for sustained burst speed , such as across the map , master yi 's higlander is better .
just to share a bit , i am diamond in 4v4 solo queue and i play with some friends in 4v4 once in a while . i have never been silver so i do not know how many games players leave at the start of the game . but i do not see it very often in my leagues . might be luck more than anything though . in fact , i do not remember last time someone left in my diamond league . but yeah , it did happen once in a while . but like @tenfour commented , once a player leaves the game , his economy is shared to remaining players so you are actually at advantage here . you can either , get more barracks/gates/hatchery in order to keep up with the economy flowing in and rush as fast as you can with as much units as possible . or you can tech up to higher tiers units . but keep in mind that it is still 3 army versus 4 , so you should have much higher supply then them when you are attacking if you want a chance at breaking them .
obviously this is a bug , since werewolves are immune to diseases because of beast blood . and although sanguinare vampiris can be contracted even while possessing the beast blood , as much as i could test , the disease does not progress to vampirism as stated in active effects . however , until cured , you keep the single negative effect : health reduced by 25 points , which is not a big deal after level 50 ( even on legendary ) .
there is a known bug with this quest where the perk that allows you to harvest blood is not properly added when the quest is given . since you do not have access to the console on the xbox version , you can not use that to fix this . therefore , you must reload to an earlier save ( before the quest was assigned ) and hope it works the second time round . it will not resolve your issue in this case ( due to the specific way the quest is set up ) , but you might also consider updating the game ; bethesda has been much better about patching bugs in skyrim than they were in oblivion . preventative measures can not hurt ! ( though , for what it is worth , i just got hit with this bug myself , despite an up-to-date version + the unofficial skyrim patch )
you can plant flowers simply by picking up flowers that have grown on their own with the y button , moving to a new location , and going into the inventory and planting them from there .
usually there will be an arsenal very close to the weapon pickup location which will let you change your loadout ( just like the one you can build at the bastion ) . you are only forced to use the new weapon briefly in most cases , and against enemies that it is particularly suited to .
units will use the technology of their province , bear in mind that ' counts ' do not generate technology points which means it is ' dukes ' and above ( this will be the duke 's capital ) that will affect the ability of units in that province . a tactic often used to help spread technology is to focus on your ' capital ' and then use your ' spymaster ' to research technology from a high-tech hub - such as constantinople - then using your councillors to spread the pressure of technology from your capital to neighbouring provinces / duchies . doing this will help both your other provinces and vassals in terms of tech and thus allowing them to achieve higher tech bonuses . another important note worth mentioning is that tech will spread to all neighbouring provinces , regardless of the fact they might be in a different country , in effect this means that if your capital is bordering another countries provinces then you will be in effect increasing their tech . this is why it is usually a good idea to have your capital positioned in a fairly central position within your empire .
after you have selected a spell with the corresponding number key , press ( or hold , can not remember ) the " spell activation " key , default " q " , to cast it .
the only way i have gotten them to respawn is when i street pass with someone who does not own the game . when i street pass with a random person who has not played super mario 3d land , i will get a mushroom house instead of a new purple box room . other then that i have not seen them randomly respawn on their own .
yes , you can use both . poisoned and enchanted-ness are not mutually exclusive .
i would not really classify a base as " mature " or " premature " . even if you upgraded too early , it just means you have got to be a little more careful with spending your elixir . at 1300 trophies , i would have to say that you are doing just fine . remember that the difference in town hall level will change how much loot you get off other players . taken directly from the wiki : 0 - 100% 1 - 90% 2 - 50% 3 - 25% 4+ - 5% i also got to th8 relatively recently , and i can tell you the difference in available loot from when i was using th7 was definitely daunting . however it is not anything significant to fret over . as long as you can maintain relatively decent income , you should not have any issues continuing to upgrade . remember that even if you maxed out your th7 upgrades before hitting th8 , you will still hit a slump as you progress out of early th8 . attacking trophy range : for early th8 , i would recommend silver 1 through gold 2 . for late th8 where you are near the end of the upgrade path for your defenses , i would recommend gold 1 through crystal 3 as the optimal farming . attack strategies : for earning resources , i would recommend the barch attack pattern . essentially this attack pattern consists of the following : 60-80 barbarians 60-80 archers 60-80 goblins 3-4 giants the idea behind this strategy is to " snipe " the resource collectors of a given opponent . many base layouts push the resource collectors outside of all walls , while heavily protecting the storages within the walls . you are looking for those towns with a resource count generally 60k+ , nearly empty storages , and high-level collectors that are full . using the barbarians as meat shields , you would throw down a line of barbarians to attack the collectors , and follow up with a line of goblins , then archers to snipe them from safety . if you decide the barbarians are not enough , you can throw in a giant or two as extra meat shields . with this strategy , i can easily nab over a million of both gold and elixer in just a couple of hours playing . if i really sat down and focused on farming , i would say this strategy would easily bring in 1 million gold/elixer per hour . here is a popular youtube video demonstrating a variant of this strategy with just archers and goblins : now one thing you will want to learn is how to lure a clan castle . many players with a higher trophy count will have troops waiting for you . it only takes a handful of wizards or archers to completely annihilate your giants regardless of what healing you do . to lure out a clan castle , place a single archer within range of the castle . if troops come out , then place another archer also within range . keep placing archers until all the clan castle troops have come out . then , place an archer further away from the base or at a corner building , you might need more archers if the first dies . the idea here is to get the clan castle troops out of the way from those pesky mortars and anything else that might stomp down your fragile archers . once you have gotten the troops out of the range of cannons , archer towers , or wizard towers , place a giant and a semi-circle of archers to mow down the troops . this should clear up any unwanted visitors . defending at th8 , you are now more susceptible to those dangerous th9 troops more than ever . players at th9 get level 6 troops , and are more likely to employ heavy use of hog ridgers , dragons , and the occasional balloon run . at silver 3 to gold 2 , you are going to be attacked more by heavy combinations of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . at gold 3 to crystal 1 you will start seeing heavier use of hog riders and dragons . currently i sit at gold 1 . out of my last 10 attacks , 3 utilized hog riders , 1 utilized dragons and goblins , and the rest were a combination of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . what this means for you is that your base layout is going to need to be able to protect against a wide array of possible attacks . luckily you will continue to see more updated base layouts directly at the supercell forums , there is plenty of people there that are constantly coming up with new base layouts for various purposes . at this point , you will want a farming base to minimize loss of resources while trading off trophies instead . in no particular order of preference , here 's a few good farming layouts to help you get started : the tempest by orz : dominion by orz : trapception by iannation : the oski by yango : of course i would suggest always looking around on the forums if you are looking for something different to work with . these bases typically get updated every once in a while as things get improved . some bases may work better at early th8 than others , so try out a couple and see what works best for you .
open mouse properties , and on the pointer options tab , look for " select a pointer speed " , then the " enhance pointer precision " checkbox .
the in-game documentation states that the intelligence parameter on residents " aids in discovering new buildings . " so although there does not seem to be any visible indicator of your progress in researching new buildings , the game is using the total intelligence of all your town 's residents to determine how quickly you progress . based on this , the best way to unlock new buildings would be to maximize resident intelligence . there are three ways to do this : build more shops and facilities that increase intelligence when used . get more residents ( always have a house available for newcomers to move into ) . change resident professions to jobs with higher natural intelligence rating . job intelligence , from lowest to highest : farmer artisan merchant warrior vassal
as of release 1.1 , you can enter creative mode and use the new " spawn eggs " item to produce monsters , even in vanilla .
i think you are specifically referencing survival mode here . the issue with survival mode is not that you need to get the drop on enemies , so much as it is that they are plentiful and well distributed throughout the map . it is quite easy to get surrounded in many areas of the map , where 3 or more enemies are attacking at the same time . what you might do is practice runs around the map where you are trying not to stay in locations where you might be approached from multiple angles . enemies tend to spawn in waves , so if you get a good run around the map going , you can kind of " train " them into a pack that will only attack from a single direction . this will allow you to more easily get to cover , since you can generally predict how the whole pack will move . focus on corners - you want a route that includes many corners , so that you can block their line of fire quickly . avoid dead ends , as you will be quickly overwhelmed if you are backed into a corner . when it comes to the juggernaut rounds , i try to give the juggernauts many targets , and have body armor on . since they move slowly , try to leave them for last , or at least for a break between enemy waves . having sentry guns and " sacrificial " riot team and delta team squads can give you enough extra firepower and " meat shields " that you can take them on toe-to-toe . flashbangs will stop them from firing long enough to generally get a clip off into them . aim for the head . you can also get them to try to melee you instead of firing if you get close , and then quickly back away . their melee animation is long and can give your " backup " time to fire , but you need to ensure that you do not get hit , or you will be in trouble .
the order of the reduction is as follows : armor reduction , flat armor reduction , percentage armor penetration , percentage armor penetration , flat source the same goes for mpen an example with bc/lw : garen with 100 armor : 100 - 25% = 75 armor 75 - 40% = 45 armor ( only you ) 45 - 10 = 35 armor ( only you ) so you will damage garen as if he had 35 armor while everyone else damages him for his 75 armor .
my understanding is you are immune from the point at which you see the credits roll for the first time . all of the bonus content is much harder , and in those stages , five or more deaths ceases to trigger the game 's assist features . i have 100% completed the game with glowy stars intact , by the way . my worst playthrough of a level after the main game was around 50 deaths . oh , how i wish that were hyperbole . ( as spoiler-free as i can make this . )
funny you should mention it . . . you will need to keep playing the minigame until it is no longer available to achieve a perfect ' rank 101' achievement . you will also earn the " i love punching " achievement .
there are a number of easily missable achievements in psychonauts . most notably , there is a major point of no return when you rescue lili , and several cutscenes/conversation achievements require that you go exploring in the campground between levels . honestly , your best bet is going to be to use a guide . the one linked helpfully hilights missable achievements , so you can just ctrl - f through it to avoid spoilers . specifically , the following achievements are available anytime before the point of no return , however they are not missable so long as you see to them before taking that final step : they call me the hunter no solid food for six hours stump speech camp gossip a slice of history meanwhile , these other achievements must be completed at a specific opportunity : i am gonna live forever - in black velevetopia , be sure to collect the helmet from dingo inflagrante before helping edward finish the card tower . i think they were impressed - time limited achievement cutscene/conversation . detailed in walkthrough . wolpow says thanks - time limited achievement cutscene/conversation . detailed in walkthrough . made man - time limited achievement cutscene/conversation . detailed in walkthrough . maybe it is the hair - - time limited achievement cutscene/conversation . detailed in walkthrough .
while i do not recall there being any secret achievements for the steam version , there are a total of 4 secret achievements for the xbox 360 , and 1 secret trophy for the ps3 . the xbox 360 achievements are : multiple personalities -- beat 30 levels as alternate characters . way to go ! dancing fool -- you got the fever and danced 100 times . bullseye -- perfect+ ? ! that is unpossible ! marathoner -- you warned the athenians of the oncoming persian army ! each of these is pretty self explanatory . meaning , to get bullseye , you need to perfect+ a level , to get marathoner , you need to run a total of 26.2 miles , etc . the secret trophy for the ps3 is : dancing fool -- dance 100 times not really sure why the ps3 version has fewer " secret " trophies , but , i do not make them ! i just try and get them . regardless , all of these are incredibly easy to earn in a single play through of the game . just make sure you use a different character while you are dancing your way to a bullseye after 26.2 miles !
yes . first you will need to locate the saved game file you want to transfer . second , you will need a tool that is able to upload files to the inside of an application sandbox on your ipad . two possible tools are ifunbox for windows or iexplorer for the mac . open the ftl app in your ios file explorer . browse to the ftl app and you will see a file structure that includes a Library/Application Support directory with a prof.sav file . this is the default save file , but if you have enabled game center , there will be a separate prof.sav file under each player id inside the players folder here . make a backup copy of the files here , if you wish to be on the safe side . it would also be a good idea to kill the ftl app on your ipad if it is currently open , to prevent the game from overwriting your changes when you save and quit . ( double-press your home key and swipe it away on ios 7 , or press the X on ios 6 ) find the prof.sav file on your local pc . you will notice that there is a separate ae_prof.sav file alongside it , which contains all your progress ever since you installed the advanced edition patch . last , copy the ae_prof.sav file to the ipad , under the same folder where you find the prof.sav . ( if you have multiple gamer profiles , you will need to be careful ; it is difficult to match up game center ids except by trial and error , so be sure to make a backup if you are concerned ) then delete the prof.sav on the ipad and rename ae_prof.sav to prof.sav . ( since the ipad version only has advanced edition content , there was no need for a migration from prof.sav to ae_prof.sav . ) ( note : if you have not yet played the advanced edition on the pc , but you want to play ae on the ipad , you can just transfer the prof.sav file . )
these are the numbers taken from the game interface with community event buff - your experience gain is increased with 50% im not gonna do that math for the rest but i assume they are either perfectly correct or close within a rounding error of being correct .
there is in the custom made levels , it came with creator pack 1 . however , it needs to be added in by those who made the level . most do but , some are not that forgiving . as for the main story levels i do not think there is . my daughter and i are on our 3rd play of it and it is something i wish was there but , does not seem to be .
assuming it is overheating , and before spending money on an external device , see if the tips microsoft provides about placement of your xbox help : put the console in an open area with lots of ventilation . do not put the console in an enclosed space . do not stack other electronic devices on top of , underneath , or against the sides of your console . make sure the console and its power supply are on a hard , steady surface . do not put the console on anything soft ( such as a bed , sofa , or rug ) . position the console away from heat sources , such as ventilation openings on televisions and electronic devices . also , keep the console away from heating vents and direct sunlight . position the console away from high-vibrating sources , such as low frequency speakers , subwoofers , etc . and whatever you do , absolutely do not place your xbox next to a picture of clippy :
i was using toad of hugeness for a while in a cc build . my build went like this : primary : poison dart ( splinters ) secondary plague of toads ( toad of hugeness ) 1: grasp of the dead ( groping eels ) 2: wall of zombies ( unrelenting grip ) 3: mass confusion ( mass hysteria ) 4: gargantuan ( restless giant ) passive : jungle fortitude , spiritual attunement , pierce the veil i will happily admit that there is better cc that can be used on the secondary , however i was finding against small-sized champions , the huge toad would eat said champion , thus removing it temporarily from battle . this proved to be particularly useful as the minions could then be dealt with before the champion returns . the size of the enemy is important as to whether the toad will eat it or not . big enemies ( like wood wraiths ) will not get eaten by the toad .
in the challenges , there are 4 different types of things you could possibly win . first of all the two most obvious things , rupees and ( mostly ) rare treasure . you can win these in either the silent realm challenges or the boss battles . other things you could win in boss battle mode include a piece of heart after beating 4 bosses and the hylian shield after 8 bosses . here 's the prizes you win if you stop in the boss rush : 20 rupees small treasure 100 rupees piece of heart ( 200 rupees if you already received this prize ) 300 rupees rare treasure 500 rupees hylian shield ( 1000 rupees if you already received this prize ) 2000 rupees 3 rare treasures 3000 rupees 9900 rupees ( only possible in hero mode , since you will not have the option to fight demise otherwise )
ignoring glitches/exploits , there is some leeway in the order that dungeons can be completed . with the exception of dungeon 9 ( you must beat the previous 8 dungeons for entrance ) , you do not have to complete any of the dungeons to complete another one . some dungeons require you to retrieve items from a different dungeon to either gain access or complete it . ( i have omitted bombs and keys as a requirement , but they are probably the most useful tools to make it through the dungeons ) dungeons 1 , 2 , and 3 , can be completed in any order . dungeon 4 , requires you to get the raft from dungeon 3 in order to enter . dungeon 5 requires the ladder to complete ( available from dungeon 4 ) dungeon 6 requires the bow + arrow and ladder to complete . dungeon 7 requires the magic flute to enter ( from level 5 ) , requires the ladder and bait ( bought in various shops ) to complete . dungeon 8 requires the candle ( bought in a shop ) to enter . once you are inside a particular dungeon housing one of required magic items for a different dungeon , there are no required items besides bombs and keys to retrieve the item . now , this is not to say it is a good idea to do them out of order . the sword upgrades are only available once you get a certain number of heart containers . in order to easily kill monsters in higher numbered dungeons it is advised to complete the lower numbered dungeon so you can get a new heart container and potentially gain access to an upgraded weapon .
from the official wiki : work towardsachievements ; they unlock new plants/animals/projects , which in turn lead to better resources ! doing enough achievements/developments will unlock the next tier . source : http://wiki.reusgame.com/index.php?title=walkthrough under beginner tips .
no . no such option . you are stuck with the default layout . this is the #1 complaint about the game .
as far as i know this only depends on who is able to see the purchase event of your friend . it might be that he set it to " friends only " , so this would mean only his friends can see your comment as well . i do not think there is any added setting to determine who is able to see the actual comment ( not considering it is parent " node" ) . you can only limit on who is able to see the whole thing and who is able to comment , but not who is able to read comments . so if you had like to add something like " eew you just bought limited activations arkham city powered by securom " , anyone seeing that activity entry would see that note as well . in the end , do not say anything you do not want to land in public some time , cause you never know his settings ( and they might change as well ) . if you had like to ask some personal/private question or anything like that , rather use the chat feature or drop a mail .
you can not . the towers are auto-targeting . you can put sensor towers where indirect weapon fire should impact . the weapon will automatically controlled by the sensor tower , and fire at targets in the sensors line of sight ( and within the weapons reach ) .
your mmr will stay the same . it is not known what happens to mmr confidence , but it may well just not come into play , as the game will need to place you somewhere ( a low confidence value does prevent you from being promoted , even when your mmr is already in another league ) . so , in general the purpose is to force re-placement into a league , if you believe you are not where you belong . that is when you are tired of waiting for a promotion , or , arguably more importantly , when you are too high . since some recent version it is impossible to be demoted mid-season , only to re-qualify to a lower league . on one dull friday night , after several vs . ai matches and some three liters of beer , i had a brilliant idea - go qualify in 1v1 , so i will get placed low and play slow and peacefully . i was pretty drunk , and played random . after four proxy 2-gates and one 8-pool vs a master leaguer , i was left with hot shot , in platinum , and an expression like o_o . after getting brutalized in platinum for a couple of days , i have left a league and found my place in silver , and all was well once again :- )
there is a couple of different ways of doing this , depending on the type of vehicle and who is driving it . if it is an " non-hostile " driving , ( even cops and gang members , so long as they are not angry with you ) and they have not yet panicked , you can usually pull over in front of them , and they will stop . gunfire and damage to cars , or other hostile actions will cause them to panic - speed up and drive faster than the car should be able to drive , with no regard for the safety of themselves or others . if the car in question is hostile , you have got a few choices . if you are behind them and coming up on them , you can slam your front wheel into their rear wheel . this is actually a real police tactic , and it is called the pit maneuver . it does not work as well in this game as it does in real life , but it is often effective when you are trying to stop someone from fleeting . throw an electronic grenade at the car , which will stun it temporarily . i do not believe this will ( generally ) raise your wanted level , but it is considered hostile , so if you have got no wanted stars , this will likely give you one . get out in front of the car , and hop out of your car ( making it into a car torpedo ) and then press " sprint " + " steal car " which will cause you to jump through the windshield . if there are multiple people in the car , the others will get out , even if they are manning the gun on an apc , for instance . ( for tanks , you have to kill the gunner first ) the rc possessor ( which you get at the end of act 1 ) will allow you to stop cars . generally when you exit the remote control interface , the driver will just hop out . this works for helicopters and vtols as well . i do not think you can do this while driving , but it has a long range so you can get out in front of a car , jump out of whatever you are driving , and take control of it as it is chasing you . if you level it up , you can cause cars to explode when you take control of them , which will insta-kill any brutes or specialists in the vehicle . explosive weapons , especially the annihilator , will destroy most cars with one hit . your wanted level will probably go up , however . for dealing with gang cars featuring brutes and/or specialists , this is one of the best solutions . shooting the driver is possible , use something pretty accurate though , like the pistols . this can be tricky while you are driving . you can shoot the wheels , the effect of this is that the car is harder to control . you will want to maintain high speeds and/or turn corners frequently to shake a car that is been damaged in this way . if you are having trouble doing this while driving , you might want to look into the cruise control feature . it is not perfect , but it can take one button off your list of things to be pressing at the same time . if you can find a co-op partner , most of the time the tasks will be divided between you , so one of you can focus on driving the car and the other on taking out pursuing vehicles . remember also that losing your wanted level is really easy in this game - visit any owned shop or crib and you will magically , instantly , lose your wanted level . plus , there are " homies " you can unlock that give you this option anywhere . if the game is feeling " hard " - ( ie , gang wanted level is tearing you up , or brutes are really difficult ) go progress the plot or play some of the easier activities . in the meantime , invest your money in buildings you can own , damage reduction/health increasing upgrades , and upgrading one or two weapons . later in the game you will have many more tools for doing damage and avoiding the law/gangs . if there is something in particular that is got you stuck , put it aside , since by the end of the game you will easily be godlike , and you can use your powers to finish off anything that was tricky before .
if you use signs , you can place signs on other signs and just cover the area needed . there is no way to use less than 1 sign per block though .
this instance is actually inside orgrimmar itself . so , you want to head back into orgrimmar , past the valley of strength , into the drag and turn left down a tunnel into the cleft of shadow , down a ramp and left again and you should see it . on this map http://www.wowpedia.org/file:worldmap-orgrimmar.jpg the entrance to the cleft of shadow is about where the t is in the drag . good luck : )
it sounds like you may be having trouble , not with your miners per se , but rather , how dwarf fortress handles elevation changes . each z-level ( the map at a given height ) has both a " wall " and a " floor " tile . stairs in dwarf fortress need to account for both of these - the wall must be an " up stairs " tile , and the floor must be a " down stairs " tile . the dwarf fortress wiki has a great visual example of this , as a side view :
ice : yes , moving the analog stick is a quick way to get out of ice . ( i also mashed buttons , not sure if that helped ) vol opt 's trap : no , the only way to be freed is for someone not trapped to attack the trap or for the boss to finish his attack ( breaking the trap and causing a lot of damage ) any other effect : no , the ice is the only effect that you can break out of . blue burst : if those keys are mapped to left/right then yes , that should break you out of ice quicker .
it is possible , but tricky , to do it if you happen to be : a hunter a goblin an engineer a demonology warlock the trick is to aggro razorgore , then jump from a ledge near the grethok the controller to a balcony . once on the balcony , razorgore will continue to attack you , but grethok will call off the alarm , preventing adds from coming in to kill razorgore : as long as you quickly kill grethok and the other two orcs , and stop controlling razorgore once you hit ~25 seconds left on the mind exhaustion debuff , you can destroy the eggs with impunity and take razorgore down . hunters , goblins , and engineers to jump to the balcony , you need to use : hunter : disengage to jump backwards goblin : rocket jump engineer : the nitro boosts belt tinker the youtuber shopebay1 put out two videos demonstrating the basic premise . as a hunter with disengage and a parachute : as an engineer with nitro boosts : note that i found trying this with the nitro boosts to be extremely frustrating : you only have a few seconds , it is prone to failure , and it has a three minute cooldown , meaning if you do not make the jump it is a wipe . demonology warlock demonology warlocks have it easy . before pulling razorgore , make the jump using demonic leap . once on the balcony , summon a demonic circle . then , pull razorgore : once you are in range of the demonic circle , pull one of the orcs and teleport . then , follow the same strategy described above and demonstrated in shopebay1 's videos .
from the duke nukem wiki the protozoid slimer will attack any weaker being close to it . that is , it will attack and " consume " assault troopers , assault captains , pig cops , assault enforcers and protector drones . it will do nothing to any other enemy , and it will not purposely go for any of those enemies ( it will only try to attack the player ) .
based on the guide at xbox360achievements . org , it sounds like it does have to target something ( it suggests targeting one of the rapid transport stations on the citadel ) . if you only want to play a vanguard in mass effect 1 in order to play that class in mass effect 2 , there is no need to play through mass effect 1 again , though . at the beginning of mass effect 2 , after importing your character , you are given the option to change your class ( do not worry , it makes sense in the context of the story ) . so you could always import your engineer into mass effect 2 , and then select vanguard as your class without having to play through the first game again .
there are a few things you can try : restart steam . reboot your computer wait until its done . rename the file ClientRegistry.blob to ClientRegistry.bak . by default you should find this file under C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam . this will force steam to generate a new . blob file and might fix your problem . disable and exit steam-limiter if you have it
to quote artosis maynard was a pro sc player from usa right when the game came out . he popularized over producing workers in your bases and doing what was called a " maynard transfer " each time he expanded by sending 12 scv/probe to the new base . this was shortened to maynard .
decorations firstly , build a few decorations where they are most of the time , such as when idle ; in rooms as you have already done , but also in communal places where they like to idle . the market is usual , maybe a balcony if you have one , or the tavern . in this way when they idle they get happiness from idling , and also from being near fancy items . placing the items where they are most of the time is the best way to get more bang for your buck , of course you can decorate all areas to improve their happiness generally . fixing low happiness what makes them happy the most is idling . my problem was that when i first started i would start loads of building projects , immediately starting the next one once the last had finished . i generally set the auto-production levels too high , meaning the townies always had something to do . this resulted in townies being unhappy , meaning when they died they would not get replaced , resulting in more work for those left , meaning more unhappy townies . it can be a downward spiral . to get out of this firstly , let them finish up any extra work , like building walls , decorations etc . then change your automatic production to the minimum needed , e.g. only food and only a little food . in my town i went for farming cows and chickens , starting out i only automatically butchered one of each , and cooked one of each . i also produced one egg and one milk pale , but that was it . this way you are doing the minimum to survive . they only make a food item if there are none left . note that your heros might not like this ( they might leave due to lack of food ) , but once your happiness is sorted out and your economy is back on track the heros will easily come back . monitor this a bit , ensuring you are producing enough food , what you should find is that you will not hold much stock , but when hungry the townie will either go and make some food , grab one just prepared , or if you are not producing enough food generally they will go and get raw food , e.g. milk/eggs . economic growth vs . happiness hauling does count as a job as you say , so whenever i am ready to explore a new dungeon level or take on a lot of mining etc . that will mean lots of traveling around carrying things i try and stop most building work beforehand to get them starting as happy , well fed , rested etc . do not worry about the fact that to start with you are only dealing with basic materials and items . progressing down the dungeon layers for better items is a big job . you really want happiness to be high when you go down a layer as townies like running into a raging battle to collect some bones ( for example ) . you want a steam of villager ready to replace them if this happens , which you get if everyone is happy . they key is as long as they are happy you will have a good economy as its easy to get more townies ( just build more rooms ) , so that is the priority not economy ( beyond food ) . town design i also try and design my towns so the distance from food source to dining room is as minimal as possible . i have lots of farms ( cows and chickens in my case as they give milk and eggs in addition to meat ) and a kitchen right next to them , then a dining room right next to that ( with walls/doors in-between so it looks nice ) . the point is to minimize the time taken to do repetitive tasks , making/preparing/eating food is the main one . the game goes for any production chain , although obviously some things you can not control the location of , for example sources of metals . i tend to have any barrels of stock in a central location , that is farily near to anything that would need them , i.e. raw/prepared food barrels in the kitchen , stone in the masonry area etc . this way things get moved most of the way in one go .
no , i do not think so . there were mini games in san andreas ( arcade , betting etc ) and in gta4 ( pool , bowling , darts ) but none of them actually allowed you to play gta inside gta : )
there is a 1 in 3 chance any particular bone will tame a wolf . if you have a stack of x bones , the chance you will be able to tame a wolf before running out of bones is 1 - ((chance of not taming with bone) ^ x) 1 - ((2/3)^x)  fill in for x to get your chances . for a 99% chance to get a wolf , you will need 12 bones . 17 bones will get you 99.9% chance , and 22 bones will get you up to 99.99% chance . note : i got the 1/3 figure from http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/wolf -- in the same sentence , it also says " up to 12 bones need to be used to ensure that the wolf is successfully tamed . " this sentence cites a tweet from jeb which makes neither of these assertions , although the tweet does confirm that it is a random chance . i am running with the 1/3 figure and assuming they are just assuming nobody will hit that 1% chance , although it is a virtual certainty that some players have gone into the 20 bone range . the 1/3 figure matches my anecdotal experience , and it is the only place i have found that attempts to give a solid number on it . probability is a subject that trips up a lot of people , so a lot of results come back with people giving answers with an authoritative tone that seem unsupported ( e . g . saying it is random and then guaranteeing an upper limit to the number of bones needed ) .
your example lineup is viable and can win depending on which tatic is going to be played and player skill of course . however your lineup is forced to go an all in tactic since it will not outcarry the second lineup . if they can manage to push one lane of rax around the 20 min mark they have a solid chance of getting another lane and win the game around the midgame . since they have a solid global ganking strat combined with push it will be hard for the enemies to get a solid early to midgame . but if they play with mapawareness and defensive they will not get picked of too much and stop the first rax push since they could farm their midgame items on their carries . so in conclusion : your lineups are not a good example of extreme cases of lineups and therefore can both win . there are lineups that are unlikely to win . those are present in atod tourneys ( dota reversed ) where people pick the lineup for the enemies ( making it extremely bad ) . for example an 5 hero lineup with no early game presence like spectre , riki , etc . those will most likely not win vs a rounded or a strong early game team . and to answer your final question : there is no lineup for a guaranteed win if we are talking competitive cm mode . if you are talking about ap there are good synergy lineups but nothing that would not be counterable . dark seer + naga siren + any more aoe heroes was once considered extremely hard to beat and navi did it with a fast bkb on enigma and an naturally magic immune hero like juggernaut . final conclusion : picking lineups in cm mode is taking away a lot of the game already . forcing enemies into tactics that they expect to beat is an extreme advantage .
no , of course not , just like the fairy . from technical point his functions are mostly aesthetical , but he is also collecting coins/treasures for you .
there is no pause button . source 1 - the game 's steam discussion forum , where a search for the word pause returns a short list of people asking for a pause button . source 2 - this ( kinda spoilery ) article which mentions : " no pause key becomes a critical issue when working through challenges . the penalty for being distracted with the real world is to lose 10-15 minutes of work . "
here 's a list , with the first column being the in-game name , the second being the description of the real piece , the third being a description of the fake : ~source alternatively , you can check this gallery here ( which is rather too large to directly link each image ) . if you want to research yourself , the animal crossing : new leaf instruction manual also has a section named " artists and sculptors " where it lists the actual name of each piece of art in the game . for example , " wistful painting " is *the girl with the pearl earring " by johannes vermeer . you could then look the image up in a search engine and compare it with the image ingame . note : i have the eshop version of the game , so i am not completely sure that section is in the physical manual .
no , identical buffs/debuffs do not stack applying a buff or debuff that already exists simply refreshes the debuff already there it should be noted that this is different for dot debuffs . per this post the exception would be dots from multiple players . no player can reset/remove your dot . everyone has their own dot counters , so you can apply the same dot to one enemy as long as it is coming from two different sources .
the cannons function much as the ' warp zones ' of mario yore . they allow you to skip a few of the world , generally jumping 4 ahead -- world 1 cannon takes you to jungle world 5 , for instance . as to unlocking them , you must find the alternate exit ( you can tell from the red ending flag ) within one of the levels that make up the world , usually the level closest to the cannon itself . if you edit your question to specify which world you are interested in , i can drudge up some more details .
it takes 6 seconds to generate 1 tres ( plus 0.125 pres for each person on the team , excluding the commander ) . this means it takes exactly 1 minute for a resource tower to pay for it is tres cost . however consider that even if it does not last a minute it is not a complete loss as your team will have received pres .
level 61/63 drop rates after diablo 3 patch 1.03 after patch 1.03 the item level drops at inferno difficulty have been changed . high-end items ( items level 61-63 ) will now drop in all acts of inferno and acts iii and iv of hell difficulty . the new approximate drop rates are the followings : [ * ] show the increment from 1.03 to 1.03b patch patch 1.02 and previous ( history ) before diablo 3 patch 1.03 the item level drops at inferno difficulty were the following : inferno act i : you had a chance to get an item level 61* drop or inferior . inferno act ii : you had a chance to get an item level 62* drop or inferior . inferno act iii/iv : you had a chance to get an item level 63* drop or inferior . *the item tooltip will show level 60 in any case .
the ancient device gives you a random result each time you find it within the desolate sands ( after reloading level ) , there is an achievement called " wheel of fortune " for getting each outcome . i have only found it once while playing and it gave me a couple dozen piles of gold .
blizzard has recently published some data on this on the official guide : normal monsters : chance to drop a health globe on death varies by monster type . champion monsters : 60% chance to drop a health globe at 50% life and on death . rare monsters : 100% chance to drop a health globe at 50% life and on death . in addition , with the superunique and act bosses , you can look at their health bar to see when a globe might drop : the triangles in monsters health bars represent points where they might drop a globe regarding the " varying chance " normal monsters have to drop , typically the stronger the individual monster is , the higher the chance . monsters that come in groups and are easily felled have a relatively low chance of dropping , while solitary , tough monsters - for example living trees , or those huge wall-climbing siege monsters in act 3 , are guaranteed to drop a globe upon death .
getting into a multiplayer game is actually rather easy , and there is not much difference between a controller and a mouse ( though i have not actually tried plugging in two controllers at the same time , admittedly . mouse + controller works like a charm ) . to " enter " multiplayer mode , just click on each connected mouse or press a button on the connected controller . you should then have two ( or more ) cursors visible ( red and green for two players ) : next , pick a game mode ( either arena , grim or hammerball . the story mode does not support co-op ) and have each player pick a profile ( in the screenshot , player 1 has already picked a profile ) : then , multiplayer madness : ( ! ) notice that this can only be possible on 32-bit running windows os starting with windows xp . game does not support multimouse mode on 64-bit operating systems .
i decided to bite the bullet and test this myself , since it was going to be at least 50 more battles either way . you can , in fact , start from an earlier saved game . i loaded up my save file that had 50 consecutive " great ! " streaks , and sure enough , after 50 more , the clock stopper trophy popped .
according to info listed on ign vault , you start with a 50/50 random chance of success for each one . each time you use one ( either succeed or fail ) it improves the skill ( you will see a message pop up about acquiring a new skill ) thus improving your chance next time . my person experience was that i succeeded the first/only three times i tried axii and the first/only time i tried persuasion , so either i am very lucky , or it is not really 50/50 . . .
i was wandering around arqade meta and found this : this is currently the case for starcraft 2 hots . everybody can preorder on amazon and get a free beta key .
in the unmodded game , you can still rejoin a different faction or support a claimant in order to end your current faction . however , there is not a way to return to being unaffiliated . you probably just need to make peace and raise your standing with one faction until they offer you the chance to become a mercenary again .
it is a bug . luckily , it is a bug with 0 consequences - the letter is only to inform you of the land being available , you can still go to the jarl/steward and talk to them about the land without getting the letter . land is available in falkreath , morthal and dawnstar .
you could ask for a friend ( or forum member ) to upload their ( untouched ) game . cfg and use that file yourself .
no , nothing you mentioned has an effect on a portal . minimum time between two portal hacks : 5 minutes portal burn-out after 4 successful hacks portal hackable again 4 hours after first successful hacking only two things influence what items are dropped : own/enemy portal = more/less items portal level x => items dropped with level x-2 to x+2 example 1: hack 1: 0:00h hack 2: 0:05h hack 3: 0:10h hack 4: 0:15h portal recovered at 4:00h example 2: hack 1: 0:00h hack 2: 3:45h hack 3: 3:40h hack 4: 3:55h portal recovered at 4:00h so if you have 15 ( + x ) minutes , hack the portal 4 times and then leave , as there is nothing else to do for the next 4 hours . source : http://ingressfieldguide.com/content/faq
the grenade spawns are time based , they are just on a different timer than the ammo respawn . you can quickly see if there are grenades available in a stash as they have their own distinct graphic . also , there are different amounts of grenades per stash depending on the map and difficulty . for example , firebase ghost has 2 grenades per ammo stash , on bronze you will get 2 grenades from each for 4 total . on silver and gold , you will get 1 from each for a total of 2:
according to the wikipedia article , avoid the noid was released for dos and the commodore 64 . i am assuming you have got the dos version here , but if this is the case , you will probably have to use something like dosbox to run it . the dosbox compatibility list says that avoid the noid should work fine .
no . lock range never increases . the best you can do is use the thief ring so that you can get closer to enemies before they spot you .
since some time now , steam has built in support for adding a nickname to a friend . note that this does not change a nickname , but rather adds one to your friend 's name in parentheses . it works like this : first , right-click on your friend 's name : second , choose a nickname : result is a nickname behind your friend 's current alias :
spore pods explode when you get near them , and do considerable damage . gestation pods release a little swarmer if you get near them , which is not really dangerous in and of itself , but they can keep your shields from recharging . since you really do not get anything per-kill in this game ( except for achievements ) , you might be tempted ignore both types unless you are going to be getting close to them for some reason . ( either pickups behind them , or they block the way forward ) however , i would suggest ending all of them - but you may wish to conserve flamethrower ammo and use your powers instead . i find shockwave does a decent job against the pods and the webbing that blocks your path in areas . also note that even if you manage to snake your way through a whole group of them , your ai squadmates will still bumble into them on their own , which means damage and tiny bugs regardless .
those offers typically have an expiration date , though it may be in small print . there are a couple possibilities : blizzard offered 7 free days back in november in preparation for the cataclysm release . not sure why it would appear this late on your account , but it could just have been an error . i vaguely recall receiving a couple " come back to us " kind of offers on my second ( now expired : ) ) account . it is possible that you received one of those and it also expired . to be certain , i would contact blizzard 's support and see what they say .
in my experience , the cost-optimal solution ( when your blacksmithing is high enough to repair your items with one kit ) is to wait until they hit 0 durability remaining . there is a warning when your items are almost broken , but i never really saw a significant difference in their performance at this stage . i would routinely finish the fight i was in the middle of if i got this warning . the only difference i noticed is when they are completely broken . sometimes in the heat of battle i would miss the damaged/broken warnings , and notice that my weapons were doing almost no damage . due to the fact that equipment effectiveness is almost completely negated when items are at 0 durability , i never spent enough time in that state to gauge if it is possible to lose them completely . however , i seriously doubt this is possible . i believe the only drawback to being at 0 durability is the item being nearly useless . i qualified my answer as being " cost-optimal " because this has practical implications . once the durability of one piece of armor is critically low , it is likely that multiple pieces of equipment require repair . in practice , i tended to repair everything below a certain threshold once one of my items broke - this way , i did not have to go into and out of the menu as frequently . also , this kept me from situations where much of my armor failed at once , leaving me defenseless . money tended to be less valuable than my time - either time spent paging through the menus or time spent loading if i lost due to equipment failure .
the aim assist is available only in the campaign not in the multiplayer . the way it works is that it helps you ' snap ' to the target nearest to the reticle while aiming down the sights . so maybe that snapping action is throwing you off . you can disable it and try . it takes time to transition from pc to controller and while keyboard and mouse maybe more accurate , you will get used to the controller soon enough . now to answer the other part of your question , there are some non-standard controllers ( read cheats ) that provide extra functionality like this one . but you can not use a keyboard and mouse to play regularly .
when the piston is not extended , the wire is cut and goes straight to the block beside the piston , thus powering it . so the piston extends . . . and the two wires get connected , so the wire no longer goes to the block , and the piston is not powered anymore , so it retracts . the cycle repeats , making a pulser . the concept of " blocks being powered " is quite slippery unless you fully understand it . this great video really helped me complete my understanding of it . there is also another strange thing . it is possible to stop the pulser by putting another block near the moving one and then removing it . even though that block is powered , the piston is not extended . however , when you cause a redstone update ( by placing/removing a block or changing a redstone current ) near it , it starts going again . this concept is used in piston-based bud switches .
the werewolf perk tree is a set of perks , not a skill . to gain a perk via the console , find its perk id and use the addperk console command . the perks are listed starting with xx  those should be replaced by the load order of your dawnguard plugin . for example , to add the animal vigor perk when the plugin is in the 03 plugin slot , use the command player.addperk 030059a5 
i will consider it as the game is in end-game state , with the blue stamp and distant guards . it takes about 10 seconds after pressing the detain button for the guards to have removed the person from your booth and you being able to press the button for the next person . this means that the income from detaining equals being able to handle a person in 20 seconds from speaker to speaker , or equivalent to processing 18 persons/day . conclusion : detain , not reject .
there does not appear to be an achievement for removing cameras in portal 2 . i wondered the same thing . it is , however , fun to watch them burn with the lasers . i do not think there was a fun way to destroy cameras and other objects in the original portal .
yes , your xbox live membership travels with the account , not the console . so if you have a gold account signed into a console , you have gold privileges on that console . you can recover that account on a different console and have gold privileges . this is also covered in the gold family pack faq . q : i have multiple consoles in my family . does my xbox live gold family pack have to reside only one of those consoles ? a : when an individual is added to an xbox live gold family pack , that persons xbox live account must be on the same console as the primary account holder . however , once they are a part of your xbox live gold family pack , that person could recover their account on a different console and still remain a part of the family pack , as long as they reside in the same country as the primary account holder .
i can now answer my own question : the bonus levels are not needed . the path of the jedi levels become playable when you 3-star all currently available standard levels - currently tatooine , death star and the 20 hoth levels that have been released so far . i think it is safe to assume that new levels from updates need to be completed as well , so if you have almost completed 3-starring the levels it could be a good idea to refrain from updating the game before you finish unlocking path of the jedi .
it is using your shield block chance 's % as a multiplier . for example , if your shield has 20% block chance , then shattering shield will do 325% + 60% damage for a total of 385% damage .
if you are in a big team battle , chances are your Glitterlance will hit multiple targets as long as you fire into the mass of the enemy . however , if you are looking for something more strategic besides aiming it into the majority , really Help, Pix! is the only real answer to spreading out the bolts . if you cast Help, Pix! on an enemy , you can then almost assuredly hit them with Glitterlance even if they are running away , while still aiming your normal bolt at an enemy right in front of you . an alternative to this ( which i rarely , if ever , see used ) is that you can actually cast Help, Pix! on a minion and launch the second bolt from that point ( as long as the minion stays alive ) . this can be incredibly useful for slowing down a fleeing enemy or just extending the range and effectiveness of your Glitterlance . and finally , do not forget that Help, Pix! can also be cast on allies -- meaning you can then launch the q from them , as well . with this versatility , its use is actually very customizable , even if it requires a good bit of creativity and fast thinking .
i first point out that for the most part , all the prior answers are correct . yes , all gold passives do stack , however , there is a bit of a catch . as of patch 3.14 the gold granting items were overhauled . with the exception of avarice blade , a character is not allowed to posses more than one " gold income " item . the gold income items are : jungle items spirit of the spectral wraith - conservation spirit of the lizard elder - conservation spirit of the ancient golem - conservation wriggle 's lantern - 40% more gold from jungle monsters support items relic shield / targon 's brace / face of the mountain - spoils of war ancient coin / nomad 's medallion / talisman of ascension - favor spelltheif 's edge / frostfang / frost queen 's claim - tribute keep in mind the support items do change the passives a little with each upgrade , as well as two of them including a gold per 10 seconds . in theory , the passives from these items would indeed stack , but the game does not allow you to have more than one . any other gold related passives , such as twisted fate 's passive ability ( keep in mind it is no longer a team-wide effect ) , draven 's passive , and ashe is hawkshot E passive , will stack with avarice blade , and effects of the gold income items .
a lot of the more so-called ' barbaric ' cultures , e . g iceni , averni , suebi only have the ability to become confederations and cannot establish client states , i suppose this is because they are not advanced enough to do so unlike more advanced cultures like rome , macedon , parthia , selucids etc etc .
when you are out of combat , your health will regenerate back up to 50% . additionally , various vendors throughout the world will have a " . . . " symbol above their heads , these vendors sell a variety of items , including food and drink ( or in the case below ; ice cream ) :
