maxx already gave a good answer for when to use guard impact so i will focus on how to play without it . this is coming from someone who played semi-seriously for months before starting to incorporate gi in sc4 . the first thing to know is your character 's fastest moves . it is often just a straight horizontal hit . after that it is a matter of knowing your opponent 's attacks and knowing when there is going to be an opening . there is always going to be some time interval either in between or at the end of a combo where you can get in a quick swing , by which i mean you can safely do attack , not necessarily that it will land unblocked . even if your counter attack is blocked , at least now you are on the offensive . i have only played sc5 once so far , but it seems like just guard gives you a slight edge where you might be able to get in a quick attack before the opponent has a chance to block in some cases , but it comes down to knowing your opponent 's moves and how to react to them . also some moves have a higher tendency to supersede the opponent 's attack than others . i know in general a vertical hit usually cancels out a horizontal hit . some moves are also faster than the initially appear . i know personally i have found moves that i previously disregarded as not useful turned out to quite useful as they are faster than their animation would make it appear . i think it is an issue of our mind typically watching the time between the start and end of a swing , rather than the time between the start and the time of impact , which may happen well before the end of a swing . finally there is a rule of any pretty much any competitive game that has a meta-game component : set up expectations , then break them . repeat a pattern until the opponent figures it out , then break the pattern with something that counters what the opponent 's going to do to counter you . for example , lots of characters usually have variations on combos , so there is mid-mid-low , repeat that a couple times , then occasionally throw in mid-mid-mid . they will go to block the low and get slammed with the mid at the end ( bonus points if it is a ring out ! ) . it is like in starcraft , making your opponent over-commit to anti-air , then coming in with a big ground army instead .
this turned out to be my own bad . . . i had mistakenly remembered my dvd as being pc only , when in fact it was my sims 2 dvd that had no mac installer . so basically , yes , the serial works considering it is a pc/mac combined dvd : )
face the white ring . then move backwards .
for mods in general , be sure your currently installed version of civilization is compatible with the mod . in this specific case , the caveman2cosmos mod did not work because civilization iv : beyond the sword was not patched to the latest beyond the sword version , 3.19 . the in-game patching has not worked for me on the three computers i have tried with it , but fortunately it is also possible to manually download and install the v3.19 patch from the downloads section of firaxis games ' website . this worked like a breeze and i am now able to play the awesome c2c mod .
you can accomplish this using the item frame . maps show their contents , and compasses and clocks work as normal
in ftl a breach is a hole in the hull represented by a crack in the floor - you can see a hull breach in the room below the engine room in the below screenshot breaches slowly vent oxygen into space and also must be repaired before the system contained in that room can be repaired and so they can be particularly nasty when trying to repair vital systems in a room . the breach chance of a weapon is the chance that the wepon will cause a hull breach in that room when it hits ( i am not sure what probability " low " corresponds to )
baron nashor benefits baron can be very beneficial to your team . the monster drops 300 gold to your entire team and the buff gives stats equal to about 3000ish gold per person ( depends on the gold efficiency in lol ) . it is enough to turn a team that is slightly behind to being overwhelming more powerful . with this kind of power you can force the enemy team to make a choice , push out at the peril of getting ganked , let their lanes be pushed in from all sides and try to hold it back or try for a very strong initiate and win a fight . you will notice all of these options are insanely risky and if they back fire give you a very good chance of winning the game immediately after . do not underestimate the power baron can give to your team . knowing the benefits is half of knowing when to baron because baron is not always free and you need to ask yourself , is it worth not getting a tower or something to baron . when to baron you are looking to baron in general when : your entire team is alive or will be alive by the time he dies . you have someone who can tank and survive ( a character with sustain and good armor ) you have a lot of dps ( aa champions , cassepoiea type ap champs , etc ) a key member of the team who cannot get to baron quickly is clearing bottom ( do not do it if it is a shen of tf or someone with teleport ) a key member of their team is dead ( ad carry , ap carry , a major portion of cc , if they are alive but away and it is a carry they could clean up everyone ) you have smite and other ways to burst him down to prevent a steal you have methods to pull in and kill enemy champions who try to steal the enemy base is being pushed in hard by super minions and if they leave they will lose significant portions of the base typically you will want to engage a team fight on him if they are the ones getting attacked by him and you can get a very strong initiate . you will want to get baron if you can as well but focus on finishing them off . nothing is worse than them getting baron and winning the fight anyway . baron can add more dps to your team than a tower so if you can keep the enemy team in a spot to be hit by baron all the better . there are many more variables than can decide whether you should baron or not and it can be very difficult at times to tell when they lean in your favor or the enemies . try to consider how the fight will go , who will be there , would they engage on you , can you prevent a steal and is it worth it over just taking more towers or ganking them . baron vs nexus it is important to recognize when not to baron . i see a common mistake in a lot of matches is when they win a fight in the enemy base and they take an inhib that they will leave for baron . late in the game death is extremely long and towers can drop like flies . you can often easily win a fight at the inhib turret at mid and push all the way to nexus and kill before they will be up . try to consider how much dps you can do and who will be up first and how long it is between people . if it is a support coming up first they can not do squat about a full team eating the nexus . also consider if you can just kill the one person coming up before anyone else does to increase the time you have to break the nexus . remember , the point of the game is to destroy the nexus , everything else is secondary . do not be afraid to eat a few tower shots to break the nexus turrets . also just eating those waves of minions at the nexus will cause the lanes to all push causing a build up of minions and super minions . even if you do not get the nexus , they may be so over run , you can retreat , ward , do baron and return before they can leave their base .
kinda . the thing to remember is that it is not the weapons that matter , but the abilities of the profession who is using them . the axe in the hands of a necromancer is a fast weapon . in the hands of a warrior , it is a bit slower . each ability has an effective " cast " or animation time that does not change depending on the weapon you wield ( though you can really only see this with utilities ) , and since there is no auto-attack ( just abilities that , again , have a certain cast time ) , guild wars 2 has no real concept of attack speed . the only way to make things happen faster , is to acquire the quickness boon .
i just tested this by merciclessly slaughtering sven and hilde while they slept in their riverwood home . unfortunately ( or fortunately , if you have , you know , scruples ) , even after death all of their chests are considered " owned": you still get marked as a thief for attempting to open them , which is a sure sign the room is not safe to store belongings in . so no , despite what davy jones or any salty seadog might tell you , it is not safe to use a dead man 's chest and/or store rum in it .
yes , yes they are . source : pic below . a note , bread skins do not drop . rather , they are uncrated from bread boxes , which are crafted by crafting 3 craft hats together .
the kerbal space program wiki says that the default key binding for executing the emergency abort is backspace .
yes , the skill works with all burst weapon , including machine guns , shotguns and flamethrower .
the terror dart . always the terror dart . probably 80% of my game was path of nightmares and the terror dart . the thing about the terror dart is that it works against all enemies , including the late-game enemies that have multiple detection abilities . some lethal gear requires that the enemy move first , which is not always ideal . some of the other lethal gear only stuns and does not kill strong enemies , which means that you have still got to move in for the kill . the dart also takes care of a whole set of enemies at once , by causing panic and fear when they see the effects . enemies will freak out , walk off ledges , shoot their allies , and so forth . with path of nightmares , bodies you leave behind do not trigger alerts , they trigger panic instead . this can be extremely powerful against groups and in spots where you have got to hold out until time runs out . i did not find the distraction items to be that useful . the vast majority of the time , it is possible to get behind enemies and take them out with the sword . if you distract them , they become slightly more unpredictable in their behaviors , and they are still alive . with the dart , if you are in a sticky situation , death is guaranteed . if you find you need a distraction , the bamboo dart that you start with ( and have an infinite supply of ) will attract attention to your current location . you can set enemies up to fail by standing near a trap trigger and throwing a dart at them . they will come over to investigate and run afoul of the trap . there is also a late-game outfit that requires you to leave behind distraction items . this outfit is required for certain missions . therefore , if you invest heavily in distraction items , you are going to be out of luck when these missions roll around .
recognized by dripping clothes . attempting to conjure a lightning element whilst in this state will damage a wizard and cause him to lose charges . thus , it is impossible to cast any spell involving a lightning element while wet . wet characters also take twice as much damage from lightning spells . being wet will remove grease/burning . source : magickapedia
one trick that i like to use is to " clump " my nukes so that they are coming in to strike at about the same time . even if your enemy has a good anti-air defense , they can only shoot at so many nukes at once . to do this takes a bit of practice , and some timing : you need to launch from the further-away launchers first , then launch with the closer ones so that the missles end up being very close to each other once they are close to the target . with a lot of practice , and some imbalance in your initial placement of sea forces , you can get you 6 ground launchers , 12 subs , and 18 bombers ( 6 ground , 12 ship ) to all release nukes in a cluster ( for a total of 36 nukes ) , and maybe loose 4 or 5 ( less , if thier defense is split ) . remember : you only need them to be in-sync near the target 's defenses -- once you are past those , they can ( and should ) go to various targets . this is all much easier if you make liberal use of the really-really-slow button . just make sure you speed it up whenever you are not needing to do something , lest you piss of the other players .
you can type /list to see a list of all connected players note however , that if a server is running mods , the usual command is /playerlist also , you can use /help to get more information about the commands . do note that you need to be op to run /list , and mods might disable or restrict the /playerlist commands for certain users or usergroups .
no . this is a bug that happens when they are reset the servers for maintenance/downtime . i doubt they consider it a high priority to fix . so , if we were to enter a perfect world where there was no unscheduled maintenance , and you did not have any items listed ( or uncollected payments ) when the server goes down , that should solve the issue for you .
from the mass effect wiki the effect on me2 was : if the original council died , the new council will refuse to meet with shepard . if anderson is councilor , the commander can still be granted spectre status , but this is played down as being a mostly symbolic gesture . if udina is councilor , then shepard will not be granted spectre status ( this is the default condition for players who do not import a mass effect game file into mass effect 2 ) . but by the time me3 rolls around : by 2187 ce , the council is forced to acknowledge the existence of the reapers launch a full-scale assault against the galaxy . though shepard and councilor udina attempt to petition the council for aid in retaking earth , each individual species was more concerned with protecting their own borders . thus , the commander was forced to help the council deal with their own problems to gain their support . so it looks like the plot has been structured in such a way as to gain their support regardless of the past association .
the first tip i would give you might be obvious , but nevertheless many seem to forget it : use your index/middle finger instead of your thumb . you will find that if you place the controller on a surface and tap the buttons with your index finger , you achieve a much faster pressing rate . the second tip comes straight from the pro , toshiyuki takahashi ( a . k.a. takahashi meijin , a . k.a. 16 shot ) , that tip is to use you middle/index finger and your thumb together in a downward vibrating motion , see the following video : as any rapid , repeated motion , it can cause damage over time , so give your fingers and palms a rest once in a while . . .
according to some npcs , the real reason for the thalmor " witch hunts " is the bravado with which ulfric and co were professing their faith , and before that the worship of talos was not actually persecuted . perhaps the empire is managing to hold off the justicars to prevent even more tension ? either that or the devs just did not get to changing those things .
though the templar order is not the same as the paladins of zakarum or their splintered order of paladins , there are interesting parallels between them - kormac himself was previously a promising soldier of westmarch before ' joining ' the templars , suggesting activity in the old haunts of the paladins , likely linked to the fact that . . . . the templar order seeks scrolls stolen long ago by archbishop lazarus of the zakarum church . . . . and both orders seem to have some deep-seated issues with betrayal within and without , and supernatural beings trying to manipulate them .
you do not need to constantly produce villagers in order to have an effective iron golem farm . two basic conditions need to be in place for an iron golem to spawn : villagers : iron golems spawn if there are at least 16 villagers nearby . for every 15 total villagers , one iron golem may spawn ( 16 = 1 golem , 32 = 2 golems , 48 = 3 golems , etc . ) houses : it takes at least 21 houses to spawn an iron golem . a " house " in minecraft has a complicated definition ; here 's the simplified version on the minecraft forum : a block counts as being part of the " roof " when it is within 5 blocks of the door ( in the two directions the door faces ) , its topside is exposed to sunlight during the day , and its bottom side is higher than the door 's bottom side . notice that a door is not a " house " without a roof , or with equal amount of roof on both sides . that description is slightly misleading as the algorithm is more complicated . for more information , i recommend reading marfagames ' thread on the minecraft forum . generally speaking , with both those conditions satisfied , iron golems will spawn . i encourage you to read up on the specifics if you wish to design your own farm . lower down i also recommend a specific design . farming tips having more than a greater number of villagers will not affect the rate at which iron golems spawn . the number of villagers only determines the iron golem cap . if you drop the iron golems at least 5 blocks down from your farm , they will no longer contribute toward the iron golem cap , and more will continue to spawn . a house only becomes part of a village if there is a villager within 16 blocks horizontally and 4 blocks vertically . more resources jl2579 over on youtube has made several videos on iron golem farming , and has designed the most effective golem farm i have ever encountered . micromancero came up with a farm design that inspirqed jl2579 ( on youtube ) . docm77 has done a lot of work with jl2579 's farm on youtube . note : i would love to post more links , but i do not have enough reputation . jl2579 , micromancero and docm77 's videos can be found easily via youtube search .
open the character sheet ( c ) switch to the tab for your companion ( make sure they are active/present ) hit the " customize appearance " button on the middle right check " hide head slot " i am not sure exactly when this was added but it is been at least a few months .
no ; you can attack , but obviously less effectively than the assault juggernaut . the riot shield has a melee attack ( bashing ) , and you also get a usp . 45 pistol as a secondary weapon . the shield is mostly useful for defending ( say , a control point ) , but if you get a couple of team mates to follow you , you can also provide an nigh-invincible distraction and cover for an offensive front .
a chain cannot form if there is more than one open space between active runes or nodes . more info at the wiki : thaumcraft 4 crafting this is how it should look like .
as of gen v ( black/white ) , legendary pokemon encountered in-game have absolutely 0% chance of being shiny . shiny legendary pokemon are now only obtainable through events or hacking .
no , spec ops has its own leveling and unlock system . the leveling and unlocks in multiplayer are unrelated . in fact , i believe that there are some guns that are only in spec ops , and others that are only in multiplayer .
assuming you do not have any viable counter-attack plan with your current setup , you might want to consider retreating . in the advanced edition the flagship has to occupy the " base " for 3 consecutive turns before you lose . if you can visit a shop and trade a weapon for another that might do the trick . more likely there are some encounter beacons you have not completed or allowed the rebels to capture . these will give scrap . the best option , however , is reaching a repair station which in the advanced edition will give you scrap in addition to other benefits . if you truly will reach a deadlock , you will need to use some extra scrap to change your loadout . oh , and the best part about retreating ? they will have to hack all over again , and they might choose your sensors next time !
nibelsnarf can be fished out if it is staggered while submerged in the sand . he enters a trapped/staggered state which allows the player to approach and press a ( with weapons sheathed ) to begin pulling him out . the easiest way to achieve this is to place a large barrel bomb and then throw a sonic bomb over it while the nibelsnarf is fully underground . nibelsnarf will then eat the bomb , which cause the staggered/trapped state when to succeed at the qte , you should mash a and rapidly rotate the thumbstick in circles ( left thumbstick if you have a circle pad pro ) . in my experience , just mashing a alone is not fast enough to fish it out before the qte ends .
ive played through a couple promotions and it seems like points are maintained across promotions . i know this was not always true , but it was on nov 17 ( last promotion i had ) . that said there is no good way to compare players who have not faced off . . . period . not across leagues , not across divisions , not within divisions . points are a completely inaccurate measurement and rankings are based off of points . if we look at the blizzard top 200 ( released ) we see poor correlation with points . blizzard uses hidden ranking for those numbers . if we compare that ranking to the elo ranking that some fan sites use , we see an even different set of results . the reality is that voting systems ( game theory ) require impractical amounts of data for a game like starcraft . the result being that you rarely ever get an accurate ranking system .
it seems to be a bug for now . . .
chincillas are small . so small , in fact , that butchering them will yield no meat at all . the dwarven butcher realizes this , and decides that butchering the corpse for no meat is not worth the effort , and simply ignores it . essentially , your dwarves are lazy , but in this case , they are actually being productively lazy instead of uselessly lazy ( wasting time butchering things for no return ) .
according to one of the developers the only thing that changes with difficulty is monster behaviour in combat , aka the higher the difficulty the stronger or smarter the enemies get . quote : we have three difficulty settings that scale monster behavior in combat . on top of that there is old school mode which disables the auto map . we are also considering adding the permadeath option in a game update at some point but completing the game with this option would be very , very , very difficult i believe . source : legend of grimrock 's official forum
this was actually fixed in patch 1.2 ! awesome .
veekun has an excellent advanced search form , which includes exactly this , with data from all generations .
i was reading bf3blog . com and official dice press releases for like half a year , as well as battlefield . wikia . com and some twitter feeds of their devs , plus i spent approximately 100 hours in multiplayer , and i have never seen/heard about ammo boxes causing any damage to anything . i would post this as a comment , but sorry , not " mature " enough .
after doing a bit of research , it seems that these combinations actually do have an in-game effect . what i noticed is that " good " character combinations light up more dots next to the three icons seen above the team name . i tried playing a few matches against myself in order to figure out just what each of these icons mean ( since , surprisingly , that is not written in the game manual ) and was very happy to see that someone has done that work for me : . . . the first icon is a measure of how much extra damage your team ultimate jutsu does . i believe 6 dots is a full bar of damage . the second bar is a measure of how much faster your support characters can be used again . i am not sure exactly how much faster it is . however , if you try out the kakashi and minato combo ( which has 6 dots in this category ) since only selecting one support already lets you use that support character 2x as much , your gonna get to call minato every other second ! the third and last column , is a measure of how fast your team gauge charges . every time you call your support character in , this gauge charges a little ( this is constant ) . when ever your support characters successfully hit or preform their secondary roll ( such as shuriken support for balance , combos and hit backs for attack types ) the bar charges more ( i am not sure how the defense type gets more gauge though ) . how much more gauge they get from this is based on this stat . if you have the lee/guy combo ( which is 6 dots in this category ) . every time guy hits with his attack , your gauge charges a half of one bar ! meaning if you hit with him four consecutive times , then you get you team ultimate ! . . . so it seems that picking meaningful character combinations is a good idea , as it will give you a definite edge when using your support .
the thing is that league of legends was designed so that even matches do not gain or lose xp advantage if they do not recall or stay alive , and you described a situation in which it should not happen . the only remaining option without running to jungle camps ( which is doable as midlane vlad , but not viable as toplane vlad ) is zoning , but it will be hard to remain healthier than your opponent if you decide to go for it . let 's consider a simple 1v1 pre6 scenario where your opponent is melee and afraid of you . by standing behind your minions and getting last hits and hitting him if he tries to get cs , you are denying him gold but not xp . now a new scenario , both waves just arrived and are fighting in the middle of the lane . you force your opponent to retreat a bit by advancing behind his caster minions ( you did not hit him , he is out of range ) . now you can get xp and gold , when if you zone him far enough , he gets nothing but passive gold . if he approches you , you can decide to hit him or not . if you do , his minions will aggro you and you will need to use the brush or go back behind your creeps for a second . if you opponent is scared enough and does not know that his minions will help him , you will deny him lots of gold . this is why it will not work at an average level , anyone that has played a decent number of games knows how to react to that . you can miss cs , but you should not miss xp . another answer would be to try only denying him gold , and he can either lose gold and stay healthy or get the gold but take the harass . but without good sustain he will eventually have to go back and lose xp , then push the wave to the turret and back quickly , you will have more xp afterwards . but you described a rare situation in which you can not get advantage . other solutions : zilean in your team ( 8% xp is nice if you are looking for just getting the lvl 9 first for instance ) , xp quints , stealing the enemy 's first buff with luck ( got the enemy blue buff by making a jungler panic-smite with a gragas timed barrel roll ) , going to another lane and quickly taking 2 waves if your ally just died then coming back with tp , zoning your enemy into having to take the other way around the map if he just warded and has to come back to lane , preventing him to ward so that he is so afraid of your jungler that he stays at times really far from the wave , etc . but these are just small things , not like when you have 2 levels advantage because you manage to repeatedly kill your opponent and clear the wave .
tl ; dr do not buy it . you do not rely on auto attacks but on spells . the most useful items are in this order : your bulid ( unchanged is , viable ) yomuus ghostblade ( trade in black cleaver/lw , can be viable ) trinity force ( trade in lw , only viable if you are ahead ) sotd ( trade in lw , may only be viable if you are way ahead ) in depth i see some pros and cons with sotd on riven : pro stronger in 1v1 could be useful if you manage to kill some people fast in teamfights . ( kills/assist reduce active cd by 50% ) 100% crit/as which scale well with your ultimate con the item itself is not really cost efficient . it is base stats are only worth around 70% of the gold and if you use the active and do not kill anyone you will even lose the passive as crit and attackspeed are more or less wasted stats on riven there are items which are a lot better . now i feel like the points speaking against the items are more important than the ones that suggest buying it . why should not i buy it ? let me clearly explain why you should not buy it . riven riven has different roles throughout the game . if you are playing top ( what most rivens do currently ) you basically start the game as a lanebully and duelist . you excel at denying farm and 1v1ing the enemy toplaner . however in mid-lategame you usually transform into an assassin and clean up champ . there your main job is to focus squishy targets that are out of position or you join the teamfight rather late and you just clean up the remaining health of the enemy team . ( if you are mid you will basically start as an assassin but the mid-late playstyle is pretty much the same ) . your main damage source is just plain attack damage . all of your skills have a rather good ad scaling . the scaling of your q goes up as you max it and your ultimate has an execute that scales off with ad and it gives you 20% bonus ad for its full duration . additionally your autoattacks have a 50% bonus ad scaling but they cannot crit . this is the main reason why crit is rather wasted on riven . of course the attack that triggers the passive can but the bonus damage stays the same . so to do your job well pure ad is better since it also gives you more shield ( which means more survivability ) . what would be an alternative to sotd now i basically see two items which are rather similar to sotd but i think only one would really be viable . trinity force yomuus ghostblade trinity force trinity force is the item i do not really consider viable but it is still a better choice than sotd . it provides you with a lot of burst ( sheen ) , movementspeed ( phage , zeal ) and ad + health ( phage ) . however the downsides are that you will have 4 wasted stats and 2 of them are really compeltely useless on riven . crit and as are rather wasted as i already mentioned while mana and ap are really 0-benefit for her . the biggest plus really is the bonus mobility . i would only buy this item if you are way ahead or you just wanna try something new . yomuus ghostblade now this is a more viable choice . you can sometimes even see it in high elo on riven . while it is still a situational item i would say this would be the best alternative to sotd . it has a very similar active with the most important pros of sotd but it also has cost efficent stats with ad , cdr and armorpen which are your most important ones . its active will boost your mobilty aswell and not only your 1v1 and pushing potential . what item should i replace the best item to replace will usually be the last whisper no matter which of the 3 items you chose to buy . your goal is to kill squishies and they usually do not have 200 armor . if you go for a ghostblade you can also trade in black cleaver for it but i would still recommend removing lw . in the end the build you already mentioned is pretty decent and i think it would be the best to stick to it .
from minecraft wiki 's page on the nether : . . . under the lava ocean , there is a layer of nettherack 1 and bedrock on the very bottom . similarly , the very top of the nether is bedrock . 1 or bloodstone basically , going up or down either way leads to bedrock .
from 1.1 with love spawn switching by using a on/off wire trigger block you can effectively " open " your bed 's wall and invalidate the room it is in , leading you to spawn back at the middle of your world . if you are close enough ( wiring only works for 2000 blocks or so ) you can just hook up a switch at your spawn that'll change the blocks again and allow you to spawn back at your home base . otherwise , you might be able to coax a contraption with a statue spawner/pressure plate/lava block to toggle it for you automatically . this post on the terrariaonline forums in particular has an interesting bird-based reset circuit that seems to be fairly popular , but you will need a bird spawner . digging the hard way from your main base , just dig a hole straight down ( the classic " hellevator " , if you will ) . when you get tired of exploring your caves , just start digging left/right towards your shaft . it'll take a while , but you will at least probably find some goodies ( more caves , ores . . . ) on the way , and getting back will be a lot easier . you can even use a depth meter to align all your " escape routes " to the same depth , so that eventually you can just have one long path across the world that speeds up travel . previously , on terraria . . . a trick that worked in 1.0.5 was to start up a multiplayer server and explore with a friend ( or just explore with two characters locally ) , then follow the instructions : build a room with a bed . a room is not necessarily required , but will keep the other person safe . it is best to put the bed in a corner . set your spawn point to the bed . break the bed and use a mirror . logging out might work but i do not make any promises . do whatever you need at your spawn point . when you are done , let your friend know . put the bed back down in the exact same spot . this is important . use the mirror again . if you did it properly , you should travel back to where the bed is . this might not work in 1.0.6 , though , and it is only good for exploring together -- if either of you get separated , you will have to travel back manually . if you are exploring solo , your only real option is just to take the time to improve the path . wooden platforms over minor gaps and flattening out bumps will help a lot with horizontal movement , and creating a double shaft with a soft landing area ( e . g . water ) on one side and a wooden platform tower on the other will make vertical travel easier . using background walls other than dirt will also stop the enemies from spawning .
it is not your ftl speed , but the rate your ftl charges at while in combat . http://ftlwiki.com/wiki/systems#engines Upgrading improves dodge chance and the rate that your FTL drive charges  faster charging is useful when you want to get out of a sector sooner without fighting .
i went ahead and decompiled it . spoiler alert ! the following entries are unlocked when achieving the corresponding level : 5:"dungeonsandexploring " , " enchantments " 10:"armormage " 15:"bosswaterguardian " , " rituals " , " inlays " , " inlays_structure " 20:"armorbattlemage " 25:"bossearthguardian " 35:"bossairguardian " 45:"bossarcaneguardian " 55:"bossnatureguardian " 65:"bosswinterguardian " 75:"bossfireguardian " there are also a few other unlocks : when you use chalk for the first time when you cast your first spell when you learn summon , true sight , or binding in the oculus hope that helps someone else .
from the dayz wiki : slugs are solid rounds for shotguns that have decent range and stopping power . pellets are rounds of buckshot that spread out at short range ( about a quarter of the range of slugs ) . pellets are more situational , and are probably only superior to slugs in buildings .
ranged attacks are always a good way to begin . that forces the opponent to either sit there blocking and slowly weaken , or to come at you which can not be done whilst mashing buttons , and thereby creates an opening for you to exploit . the rest , really , is just timing . i remember back when i used to play soul caliber in the arcades as taki , who is agile as all hell but has extremely short range . at first i would get whipped by button-mashers playing as kilik or someone else equally long-ranged like siegfried . but once i got a good feel for the reach of their weapons , and the timing of their attacks , it was easy to dart in and out and generally cut them to pieces . to be blunt ( but not to be rude ) , if you are losing to button-mashers in fighting games you just are not very good at fighting games yet . pick a character you like in a game you like and learn their full move set and a few elementary combos . once you are comfortable with what you have , you can begin addressing how to defeat what you are against .
for 2v2: check out the bottom section of liquipedia wiki - strategies . you can learn much just by watching youtube videos and practicing things you learned there . for 2v2 , check out these for 3v3 , there are existing articles out there : basic tips early-game : defensive builds mid-game : protoss mid-game : terran mid-game : zerg end-game : options i guess that once you are good at the above the 4v4 does not differ much , i would not suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer . it is not competitive either , as tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers . the maps are not made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced . . . unit synergy of different races i would suggest every race to create his own composition of units , why ? if you create only one type of units instead and your friend the others , you will depend much more heavy on one resource . ( example : marines would be minerals only ) when controlling your army , if you are alone it is much more easier to command your different types of units so they do not accidently die . then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines . . . if you were separated , you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late . when talking about different races , you can ask and plan what units to create to accompany your friends ' army . if he is planning an air assault , you could create some ground units just to distract the opponent away from the air as you both attack . . . is there some kind of roles in good teams ? this could be done , but can be risky depending on how you do it . . . for example , if you have a player that is only harvesting , his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that . but by doing that , you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them . . . so , for that role for example , do not just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it . think of his base as one of your expansions . this is probably an early-game problem to think about , maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him . . .
so i asked at gog forums and i finally got nice answers . here is the best , by the user malcolmmasher : in might and magic 1-2 , party order is very important , because some of the party will be in range to use melee weapons against the monsters , but typically not all of it . in might and magic 3-5 , the two party members furthest to the left are relevant to the bash command , but i do not think party order matters in any other way . so put the characters with the best might on the left side . in might and magic 6-9 , party order does not matter at all ( except that , yes , when the leftmost character uses an arrow/spell it will start from the left area of the screen , and so on . )
it is buy once use forever , once you buy them they will always be available to you in your arsenal of extremely deadly plants .
on the mission launch screen , there is a little speaker icon by each players name . . . it is red if they have no mic , blue if they do have one . when someone is talking it is blue with sound waves coming off of it . get them talking before the mission launches , mute them there and you should be good to go !
they are saved in : c:\users [ username ] \appdata\local\ironclad games\sins of a solar empire\ there is a save-singleplayer and save-multiplayer folder that contains save games from each category .
the bad news is naw it doesnt work like this if you reclaim one turret other will be reclaimed automatically . also if you throw one turret and throw the other one 10 seconds later both will go simultaneously , and the time is counted from the first throw . : ( so its not that good as it sounds .
the key is to not focus on the enemies . the goal is to power the ship , not kill the enemies . as you have seen , the enemies never stop coming . i got past this part by sprinting to the next power port whenever i got a new power cell from cortez . if any enemies were in my way , i would shoot them but other than that i would ignore any enemies since they take a long time to take down ( especially the brutes ) . for me , it took 3 power cells to fully power the doors . i believe that the various ports can be reused , if needed .
the order in which the bombs drop depends on the plane . some planes drop the bombs fitted on the wings first , others drop them from the bay . bombs on the wings tend to be the smaller weight bombs . if a bomber is dropping ordinance from the bay usually the big ones go first . so it all really depends on the type of plane you are flying , the only rule is that the same plane with the same load-out will always drop the bombs in the same order .
to know how to play against a zilean you have to know what his strenghts and weaknesses are . zilean does exceptionally well in poking the enemy adc . he has a huge range ( 600 on autoattacks , 700 on q ) and incredible base damage on his q . so basically if you are a adc with average range ( 550 ) you will lose poke trades . he can also get in and out fast thanks to his movementspeed buff which will also make hitting skillshots harder . but there are three things about him which make him easy to counter . he has no real gapcloser . sure he is got that annoying 55% movementspeed buff but it will be hard to get away from someone with hard cc for him . he is incredibly squishy . as far as i know he is among the top 5 lowest base hp champions . also his base armor is not too great . he is really mana hungry . a zilean will do good amounts of damage of course but it will also cost him a lot of mana . unless he is running mana ( reg ) runes he will have trouble harrassing too often . and if he does include them in his runepage he will be even squishier due to the lack of armor/health . now how to play against him ? you should definitely take a supporter with hard cc ( leona/thresh/blitzcrank ) . also a really important thing is to hit level two before him . if you are level two and he is level 1 you will have a guaranteed kill . also if you are ahead once you will be ahead the whole game since zilean really relies on early snowball and he will even drop off lategame regardless of how many kills he got in early/midgame . so you could say the main key to victory against a zilean is a successful aggressive all-in playstyle .
turn your pip light on and off , if that doesnt work , wait for it to be patched .
the konami code : up up down down left right left right b a start or for 2-player up up down down left right left right b a select start ( technically , the " start " and " select , start " are not part of the code , but are necessary to start the game )
you can use general early game farming techniques , like walking back and forth on the edge of the enemies attack range . you can fake some moves so you can grab a few creepkills when not expected . also , farming up with q is indeed often used . you can try and farm up a tear of the goddess as fast as you can , so you can spam your skills and use that to farm . try to figure out per game if it is more profitable to use your spells on the enemy and force him to back out or miss some creepkills , or use them to get some creepkills . always try to melee lasthit the creep if you think you will survive and will not lose too many hitpoints . else , just sit it out and farm under your tower untill level 6 . remember , two hits from a turret on a melee creep leaves him with so little hp that every champion can lasthit that creep .
those hirelings are also known as mercenaries . as listed on diablowiki .netonly the weapon and off-hand slots have restrictions as followed : rouge scouts ( act i ) only bows ( no crossbows or Amazon only bows ) can use cold arrow or fire arrow in addition to inner sight desert mercenaries ( act ii ) spears , javelins and polearms ( no Amazon only equipment ) use jab attack and have a aura dependent on type and difficulty they were bought in iron wolves ( act iii ) shield and sword skills depend on type : inferno or fireball for fire glacial spike , ice blast , frozen armor for cold charged bolt and lightning bolt for lightning they will not hit much with the sword - look for caster-bonus on it ! barbarians ( act v ) barbarian class-specific items , one sword ( no dual-wielding ) use bash and stun additionally to the type restrictions , mercenaries follow the items requirements for strength , dexterity and level . back when i played diablo ii , act ii mercenaries were the most common choice due to their buff-auras .
the reason this is happening is that the wii 's signal output is analog . with newer tvs , i.e. most lcd screens , the input is digital . there is a significant delay ( on the order of 4-10 frames , depending on the tv ) when converting from analog to digital . this is the reason you will see dozens of crts at venues for tournaments for older games like ssbm - the lag when playing on lcd screens is unacceptable . to solve the problem , anything you can do to reduce the processing the tv has to do will help . any settings that enhance the picture quality should be disabled for best results - ironically , this means that if your tv has a ' game mode ' to disable it , because ' game mode ' enhances the contrast and colour which is generally considered better for games .
here 's a video walkthrough of 3-11 through 3-15: http://www.rovio.com/index.php?page=angry-birds-walkthrough-videos#3_11_15 direct link to just that video
the short answer is you need a justice system . a jail is a room used by the justice system within your dwarven community , also known as a prison . they are designated from a constructed restraint , by querying the restraint , designating it as a room , and then setting it to be used for justice . source : http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/prison#ixzz0v0zfmsu0 the jail is only one part of the equation , you will also need a sheriff or fortress guard to actually carry out the policing . policing your dwarves will cause them to get locked up when they do bad things . this is an alternative to killing them as that can lead to bad thoughts amongst other dwarves . its important to note that if your prison is not nice enough , it can also lead to bad thoughts and make things worse instead of better . they are going to need a bed , food and alcohol to stay alive . the better the quality the better for the dwarf . a table and chair also go a long way . finally , the quality of the restraint also affects the mood of the dwarf in question . its important that you always have room in your prison for new dwarves . if you do not , illegal activities will be punished by the hammerer which can lead to bad thoughts and death .
based on numbers of kills ( 10 and 25 man combined ) it looks like the progression path is like follows : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear there is more heroic stone guard kills than normal grand empress shek'zeer and sha of fear kills . this could be because it is easier than the 2 bosses on normal or because it has been out longer . but it looks like it is around the time you are missing one of thous bosses on normal you should start on heroic . most guilds will push for kills in the order that the bosses occur in , so the list will of course also reflect that ( since it is ordered by number of guilds that have killed the boss ) , and the team composition you have available may also affect your preferred path . for 10 man only kills the list is changed a bit : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear
there was another thread which asked why protoss was the easiest race . this was closed for obvious reasons , but i will repeat the answer i wrote : protoss have a number of things that make them friendly to new players : workers do not build buildings . instead they start buildings and the buildings build themselves fewer , stronger , units . protoss units tend to be tougher and more expensive than their terran and zerg equivalents . this can mean less micromanaging is necessary . good static defense . photon cannons provide both air and ground defense making them a nice staple for new players . strong gateway units . the bulk of a protoss force comes out of the gateway , one of the first structures you build . this emphasis on a tier 1-1.5 ( zealots , stalkers , sentries ) often makes life easier for new players . that said , i started with zerg , and i really enjoy them . also if you come from more traditional rts , you might find terran to be more familiar . in the end , it does not matter where you start as long as you put in the time to learn it .
its possible to do it with an imported me2 save , i just did it recently on a new playthrough . i did not check to see what my rep was at the time , but all i know is i was able to choose the paragon option . also , you may want to consider going back to redo this choice if you can : in order to persuade the illusive man at the end of the game you will need to have passed every paragon/renegade check in the game with him , this one also counts .
though i am not into wow , it looks like somebody acquired the legendary staff dragonwrath , tarecgosa 's rest . according to wowpedia : once the staff is completed , blue drakes will appear hovering above stormwind and orgrimmar . these images both look similar , from mmochampion . org :
right now the horse only gives you speed for a gameplay improvement , but in next versions now that the fight system is corrected , it will increase your damage and we are planning to give the horse a complete set of different upgrades !
at the moment , there is no quick way to ready up when playing on the xbox 360 .
unfortunately , the game does not run cross-platform . on ios , if you have a game center account , your game is tied to it , which is why you can get your tiny tower game on multiple ios devices . obviously , you do not have game center on an android device , so you will not have access to your game .
the elcor homeworld of dekunna is in the silean nebula , in the phontes system . i see that you have found oltan - oltan is actually a satellite of dekuuna , so it should be right there . if you found the elcor asset there , you are in the right place - the ships you are looking for are apparently on oltan , actually . ( it is even possible you already found this one without realizing it , maybe ) more at the mass effect wiki .
well . . . so each item in the stock manager looks something like this :  ,Flour 1 [-] 5 [+]  , this is the character that represents the material Flour is the name of the resource 1 ( the top ) is the current number of that resource in your stockpiles . if it is just laying around the map , it does not count 5 ( the bottom ) is the number you want your camp to have stocked , the orcs and goblins will automatically schedule jobs to fulfill this quota , items that have more than one requirement get a little more complicated in making that happen , but we will get into that in a few . [-] and [+] these are buttons to decrease or increase your quota amount that is the bare mechanics , but how it actually works can be a little trickier . ( just an aside , items do not appear listed in the sm until you can create them , the exception to this is Bread which you get at the start of the game , so until you can actually produce it changing it is quota in the sm will not do anything ) let 's start with a simple example . you just start out , and you want to build a carpentry workshop , trying to do so will tell you that you do not have enough logs in your stockpile . the next step is to build a stockpile and give it both it is catagory and the individual item you want it to hold ( in our example that would be both wood and log ) . you designate a block of trees and wait for the logs to start piling up . but that never happens . . . why ? goblins are a lazy bunch by nature and only will do things if they are told to . the quota set is 0 , so they are done ! not what we wanted . fire up the stock manager ( sm ) and hit the + a couple of times and the goblins will get to work . now if you use those logs ( either for a carpentery workshop , wall or what have you ) , goblins will automatically fell designated trees to bring the total value of all log stockpiles up to your quota . now if for some reason they go over quota ( you force them to fell trees , or in the case of seeds , you just have too many ) then nothing will happen until you are back under . so now you have got logs , simple huh ? now for a more complicated example , which is where a little bit of a learning curve comes in . you have got a fine camp going , but you want to really keep it safe , and those wooden clubs and bone daggers just ain't cutting it ? time for stone weapons ( v . 11 or later ) . build your self a nice quarry ( shameless plug i know ) . once it is up and running and secured from dreaded ants , time to start digging . open up the sm set your quota of rough stone and give it a stockpile to go into . now rough stone is pretty useless on it is own , so you need to turn it into something useful . build a stone carver , which will unlock a new option in sm , sharpened stone give yourself a quota and a stockpile for them and you are set to start building . to make advanced weapons , you need a weapon crafter , which will give you the option to build stone weapons . since we are building stone axes , we will need the following : 1 wood plank 1 sharpened stone make sure you have some in your stockpiles , and once you set a quota you will start to build stone axes . ( if you want your military orcs to actually use them , make sure you have a squad set up to use slashing weapons , if you already do , tell them to rearm from the military menu ) and there you have it , if you have survived up to stone axes , you are on your way to a well oiled machine of a camp . that is until the bees come for you . . .
if you look at the top of the fence , there is an electrified wire supplying it with electricity . follow that to the source , turn it off , and then you can just climb over .
all you need is the game , internet and xbox live gold membership . to start it , click " xbox live " in the main menu . - click custom games or quick match to join someone else 's game . pick the match you want to join and then it will ask you to choose your character . everyones matches to choose from will be labeled by what level character they are and what quest they are working on . - click create game to start a game with your character .
this page on the oblivion wiki has a lot of your answers , including a list of all possible followers that you can get ( even quest related ones ) . keep in mind that for many of these characters , if they die their quest will fail , so its up to you to decide if you prefer a follower or the quest reward . it also addresses the issues of equipping your followers and managing them : one limitation of npc followers is that they generally have mediocre equipment . and since npcs never repair their equipment , it can become useless after a few fights . most followers will pick up the best quality weapon available in the area when they start attacking , so all you need to do is drop a good weapon in front of them at the start of a fight . you can add other items to your followers ' inventory by reverse pickpocketing , but only if the item is zero weight . a few zero weight clothing items are available , and can be made more useful with enchantments . the best way to acquire armor , however , is by taking advantage of the permanent bound items glitch ; a zero-weight version of any bound armor or weapon can be created this way . enchant armor with effects like fortify attribute or shield ; add effects like shock damage or absorb health to a weapon . your ally should automatically switch to the best quality item in their inventory , and will therefore equip your enchanted item . if not , fast travel or entering a new cell may be necessary . maintaining a large entourage may cause problems in that followers can hit each other in combat and end up fighting one another . - due to the nature of their attacks , followers with ranged , or area of effect attacks appear to be particularly vulnerable to this sort of behavior . like the player however , melee-based followers must strike each other 3 times before turning hostile to one another . - 100% chameleon will prevent this behavior , as followers are incapable of retaliating against invisible attackers . - pc users may also use the console to increase the disposition between followers . if you want to teach followers spells , the only way to do so is through the console .
some of the non-monster books that i have read have added options to my dialogue . it will give me an option that directly refers back to the book that i read . i remember one conversation with dethmold in chapter 2 on roche is path where an extra dialogue option was given based on a book . however , i have never received an ability or stat bonus from reading a book .
there is no way to prevent changing back naked . unfortunately , you will just have to put the clothes back on every time you transform .
having learned that what i initially observed was not true for others ( that is , others were able to have simcity run in the background ) , i went back to play with it myself and found that whether or not simcity pauses depends upon how the window loses focus . it seems as if if you minimize the window , the game halts , but if the window loses focus for any other reason ( e . g . you alt+tab or click on another window ) , the game continues to run in the background .
once you have reached wave 11 ( the " extraction " wave ) , you have officially won the match , and are playing in a " bonus " round of sorts . the only thing at stake is your extraction bonus , which tops out at " full extraction " . 2500 team score for 1 person extracted 5000 team score for 2 or 3 people extracted 15000 team score for all 4 teammembers extracted . the only thing that matters is where players are when the timer reaches zero . if they are alive , but outside the extraction zone , they do not count . if they are downed an in the extraction zone , they do not count . only living characters within the extraction zone count towards this bonus . so you do not need anybody in the extraction zone , but the more you have , the merrier .
the kinect uses a couple of things to determine a person 's location in a room . an rgb camera , which is similar in technology to a standard webcam an infrared laser projector and sensor , which helps it judge depth in 3 dimensions blacklights are primarily ultraviolet , which puts them at the opposite end of the visible light spectrum from the infrared laser sensor . the other sensor is primarily concerned with the visible spectrum , and probably will not respond to ultraviolet light . therefore , i would not think the blacklight would be detectable by either of the kinect 's sensors . when it comes to strobe lights though , you are more likely to have problems . for one , strobe lighting implies that sometimes it is going to be dark , and sometimes it is going to be bright . this is going to confuse the rgb camera , as these types of cameras require post-processing to compensate for light levels . try aiming a webcam at a window , and then closing and opening the shades while it is sunny outside , and you will see how these types of cameras react under changing light conditions . i do not think this type of response would be conducive to gaming , especially since the kinect 's response under normal lighting conditions is kind of picky and finicky at best .
depending on your system , press what ever button you use to lock on ( lt/l1/f for 360/ps3/pc ) to break the lock on , and sprint in the opposite direction of your enemy . then it is just the standard run far enough away or hide so that you become anonymous again . i have noticed that in this game it is harder than others to escape combat . i seem to remember just being able to press the buttons to sprint in the opposite direction to break combat and start running .
do not do this ! it is bad , bad , bad ! even by adding struts as per @char1es ' answer , your rocket still is not structurally sound . the reason for this , as i have said before in other answers , is that the topology of a ksp rocket is in the form of a tree . this means that only one of the stack decouplers is attached to the bottom quad coupler . the result is that the other three are left " floating " , and have no problem clipping through the other parts of the rocket . no , what you want to be doing is using a single rocket with similar thrust and specific impulse to the combined 4 rockets . for the second stage , i would hazard a guess that the skipper is probably what you want , while for the upper stage you probably want an lv-909 . as an aside , if your rocket can not support its own weight on the launch pad , it is not going to survive launch . if there is significant flex without it even moving , you may have done something evil , and at the very least something immoral . there are usually better approaches than doing stuff that is evil and/or immoral .
you can turn off the ai companions with a setting called " play with team ai " in the game , so yes , it is possible to play with just 2 players and no bots .
a toast is what shows up whenever you earn an achievement . it flashes the achievement name across the bottom of the screen . if you find them distracting , you can disable them with a menu option .
you can join any quest in your current difficulty if you are invited or joining through the friends list , though there are requirements for stepping up in difficulty - you must have killed the previous difficulty 's last boss , and meet a level requirement for the difficulty : level 25 for nightmare level 50 for hell level 60 for inferno public games have a stricter level requirement , and require you to have reached that quest .
monk : serenity you are enveloped in a protective shield that absorbs all incoming damage for 3 seconds and grants immunity to all control impairing effects ( 4 seconds with ascension rune ) . witch doctor : spirit walk leave your physical body and enter the spirit realm for 2 seconds . while in the spirit realm , your movement is unhindered . your link to the spirit realm will end if your physical body sustains 50% of your maximum life in damage . demon hunter : smokescreen vanish behind a wall of smoke , becoming momentarily invisible for 1 second ( without lingering fog rune , 1.5 with ) . wizard : mirror image summon 2 illusionary duplicates of yourself that last for 7 seconds and have 25% of your life . the images may cast some of the same spells as you , but those spells deal no damage . wizard : teleport with fracture normally you can teleport when you are jailed , but you will still be jailed after teleporting . with the fracture rune the teleport will function like using mirror images , breaking the jail . teleport will not however work while frozen , like mirror images will , b ecause for the images to spawn you need to teleport first . barbarian : furious charge rush forward knocking back enemies and inflicting 195% weapon damage to enemies along the path of the charge . barbarian : wrath of the berserker enter a berserker rage which raises several attributes for 15 seconds . and related to using abilites while supressed , the wizard can activate diamond skin even under cc .
my installation directory for quake 3: -C:\Program Files (x86)\Quake3 the pro installer put the q3config.cfg file in : -C:\Users\[My name]\AppData\Local\VirtualStore\Program Files (x86)\Quake3
you can play on whatever server and region you choose . once you are there , you can create five characters on that server . that is it . you can not have multiple characters on multiple servers . you can transfer from a server to a different server in a different region at any time &mdash ; for a cost . that is what the game tells you when you join a server for the first time , anyway . i am in italy and have played the free weekend on a us server . i never felt lag getting in my way , but then again i kind of suck at mmorpgs . . .
yes , you can equip as many legendaries as you want in whatever slots you have available . the exception is that you cannot equip more than one of a specific legendary labelled as <a href="stackexchange-url unique-equipped . note , this does not mean you cannot equip two legendaries of the same item type or slot type , merely that you cannot equip two that have the exact same name unless one is a legacy item and the other is not . a legacy item will show differently in auction house searches but not in your inventory .
the loadstone curse does not work inside a box . ( this is why the game will not let you put a loadstone in a container you are holding ; otherwise , you could just bag it and drop it . ) thus , you can figure out whether there is a loadstone inside by picking up the whole box and seeing how heavy it is . a large box with a loadstone in it has a weight of 850 . a large box with any other kind of gray stone in it has a weight of 360 . figure out your carrying capacity , pick up or drop items until the difference in box weights will be noticeable as a difference in encumbrance status , and pick up the box .
that part of the tutorial seems to be currently broken . in a recent version ( v1.09 ) , selecting map modes changed . what you are supposed to do is to click on the + button : which will show the various map modes that you can use ( independent realms is the second button with the image of a shield ) : but doing this does not work in the tutorial right now . i think you will have to skip the rest of this tutorial and continue with other tutorials . ( there is a  button for that in the lower left corner . ) this bug has already been reported by other players .
all you need to have is an xbox memory card to do this : you need to transfer an xbox live account to that xbox in order to play . the reason why you need an xbox live account is because the whole serial code was not needed for xbox it only required that you had xbox live or an old account . you have to have a gamertag to play xbox pso , even offline . xbox live for the original xbox was shut down years ago so you can not create a gamertag anymore . if you have a means of copying a friends gamertag to your xbox that can work . if not , you should probably consider playing on a different platform . sources : sega forums | phantasy star online forums
i was able to find it . when you play rounds in free play , rival mode and stroke play in local multiplayer , your best round gets posted to rival mode . in rival mode ( which you select from the start menu ) , you can challenge to play against other players rounds [ on your friends list or hit X on the xbox to show other players ] . if you beat your opponents score , you will earn xp . if you do not beat their score , they will earn xp . so to earn the achievement , you will have to post a stroke score in free play , rival mode , or in local multiplayer . then someone will have to challenge you and lose while you are not playing powerstar golf . after they lose , you will earn xp and that achievement when you come back online . i was able to test this with a friend : he scored -12 in rival mode , went offline , and then i played against his -12 score . i ended up losing and he unlocked the achievement when he logged back in .
notorious problem i am afraid . not so much missing software but you will have a version of directx so advanced it is incompatible with early games . some users have had luck running diablo using compatability modes for windows xp or earlier , or even virtual machines/dosbox or equivalent , so you could try those first ?
as you mentioned there is triss in the first chapter . if you follow roche is path there is also ves in chapter 2 . you have to fight in the arena and win all the fights to pursue her . iorveth 's path features a sidequest called " of flickering heart " , where , if you side with the succubus , first dandelion , and then geralt get down with the mystic critter ( and gets you drunk to boot ) . also on iorveth 's path , if you save the elven women from burning alive at the end of chapter 1 , you can find one elf woman just outside of vergen that offers herself as thanks for rescuing her . and there are of course the ladies of negotiable affection in the first two chapters .
on the unofficial terraria wikia it is written that glowing mushrooms are found anywhere inside the stone layer . the official wiki just states that glowing mushrooms can be found in deeper parts of the underground . as of the most recent update , the area with glowing mushrooms is easier to recognize , because it is now its own mini-biome , with its own background and background music . it is still located only in the stone layer , in the deeper parts of the underground . the blue grass glowing mushrooms grows on , can be harvested and planted elsewhere , to make it easier to get more mushrooms . the grass can only be planted on mud .
i lost this battle like you did , and i believe it is intentional that you lose . the story carries on from there . however , some people have reported winning it , and the game just carries on the same way as before . the reward for winning this battle is 7500 xp .
two points have to be met in order for you to obtain gold stars : you must be playing on expert difficulty ( all instruments if there are multiple players ; if guitar , bass and vocals are on expert , but drums are on hard , you will not get gold stars no matter how well you perform ) . you must achieve a certain number of points ( generally around 1.4x the 5-star score in rb2 ) ; this can require taking an optimal overdrive path through the song , but does not necessarily require getting 100% . for drums , you can find a list of optimal activations here , and tips on improving your score here . for guitar/bass , you can find a list of paths and the scores different score-improving techniques will optimally net you here . for vocals , here are the paths for rb1 , rb2 , and dlc . this site shows you the cutoffs for each star ranking on the instruments and difficulties of your choosing for all games/dlc ; put the instruments on expert to see the gold star cutoff .
sparkfly fen southeast corner and mount maelstrom southwest corner \
there are four disadvantages to going to a state of some confusion/the royal bethlehem hotel : all of the normal storylets there have a chance of damaging your four main qualities ( watchful , etc . ) . most of the opportunities do not damage your four main qualities . there are a few that can , and once you learn which ones they are , you should be able to avoid them . the auto-fire ( red-bordered ) cards are entirely good : all decrease your nightmares , and a few will give you a minor item or quality increase . on exiting the place , you lose 5 change points of each recurring dreams of . . . quality . they are uncommon to pick up in the first place , so it is a pain to lose some of that progress . ( it is about 5 cards ' worth of progress . ) all of your normal opportunities are discarded . they will probably come around again , but it can be a pain if you have been trying to hold onto a card or two . there is very little to gain in a state of some confusion . you can pick up a little walking the fallen cities and perhaps a few relics of one of the cities , but you are going to spend most of your actions simply decreasing your nightmares , at a rate of 1-3 change points per action . this is much slower than drinking laudanum , but at least it is free . on the other hand , if you have any memories of light , then you will go to the mirror-marches ( a . k.a. parabola ) instead . it has most of the same disadvantages as the state of some confusion , with three main differences : there are no ways to damage your four main qualities . there are more ways to gain a little more nightmares ; sometimes through a failed luck check , sometimes through choosing particular storylets . again , you will figure out which ones these are and avoid them . instead of losing 5 change points of every dreams quality , you lose 10 change points of the single quality having recurring dreams : is someone there ? once you hit nightmares 5 , you will see a new opportunity card that you can not discard : the merry gentleman . greeting him will increase your nightmares , and ignoring him has a chance of decreasing your nightmares by one change point . spending fate/nex on the merry gentleman , along with the gift of a diamond , can eliminate your nightmares entirely . the merry gentleman , then , will either clog up your hand , or ( very slowly ! ) increase or decrease your nightmares . at nightmares 6 , you will also see a different set of dreams cards , that increase your nightmares significantly ( about 3 change points ? ) and do not give you any dreams qualities , which also can not be discarded . once you hit nightmares 5 , getting to nightmares 8 will happen much faster if you are not careful . there are not any other disadvantages , so if you can put up with the above troubles , going mad is not a serious problem .
yes , it is possible to restrict certain weapons with the use of certain mods . there is a mod out there that requires sdkhooks to use , but allows weapon disabling , including warm-up rounds . here 's the mod : http://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?p=950174
a short unarmed primer for skyrim : perks steel fists - steel fists adds the base armor value of the gauntlets to your attack . smithing , well fitted perks , etc do not affect unarmed damage . armsman - armsman does not affect unarmed damage . dual flurry - dual flurry does not affect dual fisted unarmed attack speed ( power attack or not ) . dual savagery - dual savagery does not affect dual fisted unarmed power attack . equipment with the best set of enchanting + alchemy feedback loop , you are able to make an unarmed enchantment of +14 onto gloves and rings , for a total of +28 unarmed damage . animations unarmed attacks has a finishing animation just like all other weapons . if the enemy is the last one alive and you perform a hit , there is a chance you will perform a neck snapping attack . if you are doing a sneak attack and you kill the target in 1 hit , there is a possibility of doing the animation as well . race khajiits have an inherent +15 bonus to unarmed . this bonus may not apply while wearing gauntlets ( i will need do some more testing to make sure ) .
one jammer will cover the entire map . there is further discussion about the topic in the above link on the payday 2 forums , but the people who have tested it believe that it covers the entire map .
there is a blue answer for this in the official forum : cursed events are similar to other events in the game . they do have some degree of randomness , such as where exactly in a dungeon they spawn ( if they spawn at all ) . if you are just missing some events/dungeons you can look if there exist bounties for this and start creating games until the bounty is available . when this is the case the event is guaranteed to be in your game and you even get a marker on your minimap .
yes , you can play all races in multiplayer . however , there are not all technologies you might find in campaign ( which is terran , with few missions in protoss storyline ) as it would imbalance it .
there are two parts to the hunger problem in nethack : gaining nutrition and reducing nutrition loss . under normal conditions , each turn , you lose one point of nutrition . you start with 900 nutrition , and start feeling hungry when you drop below 150 . at 0 , you will faint . starving to death happens at a negative value based on your constitution . nethack is a very complex game , so there are exceptions to most of the guidelines below , and other , more obscure ways of sustaining yourself , but these general principles are good guidelines . gaining nutrition comestibles . the most straightforward way to gain nutrition is to eat comestibles ( labeled as % - food , meat and corpses ) . the amount of nutrition you get depends on what you eat . early on in the game is often the riskiest time ; you may not start with much food . at this stage , it is normal to eat as many fresh , safe corpses as you can get your hands on . if you make it that far , there is guaranteed food in the sokoban levels , which are accessed somewhere between levels 6-10 . praying . praying while weak will restore your nutrition , but safe use depends on your current prayer timeout . also , using up your favour with your god could backfire if you have a sudden unforseen need ( e . g . you have gained a fatal illness like food poisoning , or are being turned to stone ) . convert boulders to food . as theist points out , you can convert boulders to huge chunks of meat if you have the stone to flesh spell . these are hugely nutritious ( 2000 points ) . reducing nutrition loss wear a ring of slow digestion . this is a great item , if you can find one . it changes your rate of nutrition consumption to 5% of your normal rate ( giving you twenty times as long to find food ) . as grace note points out in the comment below , this is because you are only paying the nutrition cost of the ring - your standard rate of consumption is halted . take off your rings . in general , you lose one nutrition every twenty turns for each ring or amulet you wear . rings of regeneration are particularly pernicious ; if you are wearing one , you will lose a point every other turn . drop your stuff . if you are stressed or heavier , you lose a point every other turn . do not cast spells . spellcasting makes you hungry ( unless you are a wizard with high intelligence ) .
nope , there is no trivial way to software-lock the use of the xbox 360 short of modding it . taking the brick or av cable is probably your best bet .
as far as my experience , backed by a search through the game manual , goes there is no way to neither bookmark any page or change the homepage of your phone browser .
for a life per hit property , only the jar hit will give you life , and only at 16% of the listed amount of life . you may find this link illuminating : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5271499223
after doing some research , it appears that animals in mcpe do respawn after a while . this will only apply to passive animals that have been previously killed , such as , sheep , cows , chickens , pigs , etc . i believe the amount of time it takes for them to respawn is random though . hope thi helps !
the big disadvantage of sprinting only happens when you do so into unknown space . sprinting into an area , only to uncover one or more " nests " of aliens is a quick way to get your face plastered onto the memorial wall . in most cases , you want to split your move up , just in case your first ' half ' of a move changes the tactical scene . there is one benefit to sprinting , though -- reaction fire takes a -20 penalty to aim against a moving target . it is not a benefit you will see often , but dashing into safety might be the best option if one of your squaddies is surrounded by hostiles , or being suppressed .
while from software did a great job with the new keyboard/mouse control system for dark souls 2 ( ds1 was absolutely atrocious ) they are still not quite there in the pc community . do not get me wrong , the game works brilliantly but thats beside the point . as far as i know , there is no way to bind keyboard to mouse controls in game . there is a menu that allows some controls for the mouse to be used on the keyboard but i doubt thats what you are looking for . if you happen to have a steelseries mouse you can actually bind keyboard keys to mouse buttons using the steelseries engine . i do not know if other companies have this , but this is the only way i can think of to be able to do what you are looking to do . ps : i forgot to mention that a wired ps3/xbox controller can be your best friend when playing any of the souls games . i bought one from a friends recommendation when i had just got ds1 on steam and that was a lot easier than trying to figure out the damn keyboard and mouse controls !
why would you want to delay that ? all crew members receive the same xp after a battle . if your battle got you 400xp , each of 4 crew members gets +400xp , not +100 . if your crew member needs 1800xp till next skill level , you need to earn just 1800xp , 9000 . that makes tanks with large crew better for training as you train more crew members at the same time as all of them get the same , full xp . there are two exceptions to that rule . elite training gives double xp to the crew member with lowest xp at the moment of " upgrade " . crewmen who die during the battle only receive 50% of the exp awarded . let 's say your crew is :  Commander: 84500XP Gunner: 84200XP Driver: 84600XP Gunner 1: 83800XP Gunner 2: 84100XP  you are in an elite vehicle with elite training enabled . you won a battle , earning 400xp . it was the first victory in that vehicle so you received the daily 2x bonus . it is also a vehicle on a special mission list , with mission bonus " triple experience for the crew " . during the battle your driver and gunner got killed . the result : as you see gunner 1 got 4800xp thanks to the elite training ( and starting off with lowest xp in the crew ) and it got him ahead of all the rest . there is absolutely no reason to delay choosing a skill if you only know which one to choose . the golden [ + ] is of no use , while any of skills that grow with percentage grows by strides in the early stage . if you choose one that works after achieving 100% , that is when you might consider delaying the choice - xp still gets collected , it is not put to any use while your skill is not picked .
the delay is caused by two different factors . first , the television takes time to process the digital signal . second , the game takes time to recognize the sound being played . the latter delay is unavoidable , but the former can be reduced by adjusting your television settings . additionally , if the game knows exactly how bad the delay is , it can take that into account when determining whether or not you hit a note . this article may have information you find useful . from the article : here are some simple steps to get you on your way : use the in-game display lag correction to help your note highway come down faster or slower . the default is set to 50ms is most cases ! make sure your console is set up to match your tvs native resolution , whether its 480i to 1080p . in kind , make sure your tv is set up to match your consoles native resolution . if your tv has a pc or a game setting , try activating that . often , these settings may auto-correct some unwanted lag across all your games , and not just rocksmith . if there are no pc/game settings on your tv , access your tvs options menu and fiddle with the settings here . most prominently , image scaling and processing effects are going to be likely culprits . deactivate them and youll probably see improvement .
there is also the option to choose it as your starting pet if you create a norn ranger . otherwise , it seems that the juvenile wolf is available only through world vs world .
i would advise you to listen to the credits after the game has finished . and also to play the additional memories know as : Assassin's Creed Brotherhood - The Da Vinci Disappearance DLC the message of the alien seems to be intentionally cryptic . in the credits you can understand that desmond 's reality seems to be another simulation as technicians are talking about desmond going to shock . in the dlc : same technicians will clearly states that they acquired the wanted knowledge from desmond who has gone into a coma .
yes changing quests gives you all relevant waypoints up until that point . you usually run into them anyway so it is hard to skip them , even intentionally .
you actually almost had it . you can create bags with animal skin and thread . i believe there is a max of 2 bags which kinda sucks because there is not any where you can store your spare junk other than carrying it around .
that is exactly the situation i was in . yes , you can use fallout 3 savegames ( boxed ) with fallout 3 goty ( steam ) ( if you had any mods installed in your original install , it will tell you " some features of this savegame are no longer available . these features will be disabled . " - my savegames still worked perfectly though ) i had to move the save files to a slightly different location , though . my original saves were stored in c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\ ( the xp-equivalent of that would be C:\Documents and Settings\BlueRaja\My Documents\My Games\Fallout3\Saves\ ) my new saves were stored in ( and thus my old saves had to be moved to ) : c:\users\blueraja\documents\my games\fallout3\saves\blueraja\ i would recommend installing and starting the new copy and , if it does not recognize your old saves , create a new game and save it real quick to let it create the save-directory , then move your save files to the new directory .
place redstone torches on north walls . redstone is quite easy to find deep underground and not required for much else . punch the ground directly beneath you . the break pattern is always the same relative to north . cheaper than torches , inlay the right-hand side of the floor with a dirt block every three squares . build wide main corridors which you can follow back when you find one . grow a tree farm . use the wood to make plenty of signs . design each area with its own character , so you can recognise them . identical corridors are a good way to get lost . place occasional markers , such as sand or wood . dig arrows into the wall pointing toward the nearest familiar spot . you can fill the arrow with dirt for extra visibility . create staircases upward occasionally . at the top , use excess stone to build a hut with a door and an observation tower . use this to travel back to your shelter by aboveground when completely lost . style your observation towers differently to use them as landmarks and build cobblestone roads between them .
on service pack 3 , there seems to be a lot of problems you apparently can not get around . quoting this topic : http://www.minecraftforum.net/viewtopic.php?f=1013t=22790#p412298
they disappear , so if you need the items , empty their " chest " first , before you let them join your crew . i tested it with an empty account .
ideally you want a source of reflection , often the amulet from sokoban , or sdsm if you can manage it , to handle medusa . a source of blindness and a hand mirror works as well , although almost requires telepathy , or at least warning , to ensure you reflect the appropriate creature . hand mirrors are trivially acquired from nymphs , and sources of blindness are often relatively easy to find as well . make sure to identify potions , or just find a towel or blindfold . for her level , you will want a source of levitation , or water walking . boots are fairly reliable , rings can be destroyed by electric eels , so should be avoided unless you have warning ( orb of fate ) or telepathy . as a valkyrie , twoweaponing with an artifact ( probably excalibur ) , you should not have too much trouble destroying anything that manages to grab you , but to be safe i would recommend a large , disposable stack of a ranged weapon . reliable traversal of her level can be difficult to come by , but is not strictly necessary at this stage . you can dig down with a pickax , trivially acquirable from the mines if you have missed one , or a wand of digging , then go up the stairs from the lower level right into her lair . this method is not recommended if you do not have a reliable way to gain levels again to reach your stash , for example the orb of fate and teleport control . there is also a fairly good chance that the statue of perseus in her lair will contain boots of levitation , although they are often cursed . per your comment , going into more detail about passing her level . you will ideally want either levitation or water walking . the most reliable source for these will be boots , there is often a pair of boots of levitation in the statue of perseus in the lair proper , if you follow the dig and return method . potions are not reliable due to the danger of running out in the middle of the water , and rings are only reliable if you can avoid electric eels . if you do not happen to have any of these , you can make do with jumping boots , if you have them , or a source of ice ( frost wand/horn ) . you can also make do with a number of scrolls of earth , two of which you get from sokoban , so you know the recipe , and more of which can be gotten with a magic marker . you can also polymorph into a flying/floating/ceiling-dwelling form . an amulet of magical breathing or an unbreathing or swimming form works as well , if you do not mind your items getting wet . oilskin sacks or greased bags can reduce the effects of submerging yourself . this is assuming you do not just bypass the level entirely on final ascent with a cursed potion of gain level , and on intermediate ascents with your orb of fate and teleport control from either ring or tengu , which is a completely viable method of dealing with medusa if you lack fully reliable levitation , and either do not want to risk the dangers of potions , or would prefer to save the potions for the planes .
on pc it is the " change pov " button .
from what i am finding on the wiki , i do not believe this is possible . from the 40d world generation page : note that only available world widths/heights are 17 , 33 , 65 , 129 , and 257 ; even directly editing the world_gen . txt file will not let you use other sizes than these . obviously this may no longer be accurate , but as there have been no major world gen changes , i believe it is . the df2012 advanced world generation page is a little more ambiguous , but it says : valid values are 17,33,65,129 , and 257 . others may not work . based on this , i do not think you will be able to make a world larger than 257x257 .
first of all , try stopping the quarry ; if you can do it , it'll be much easier to fix it , since the items will despawn automatically . otherwise , you can try to use mcedit and remove the item entities that are causing the lag .
if you are specifically asking about the ns annihilator you can not because the weapon can lock on to flying and ground vehicles . but the other lock on weaponary that let you lock on to only 1 kind flying/ground those can definitly dumbfire . according to the wiki : the ns annihilator has no dumbfire speed , but the asp-30 grounder does for example
run up to the spider , and just as its leg is about to do the stomp animation run back . do this a few times and a bear trap will fall from a tree branch to the left . push the bear trap to the spider and do the same thing you did before ( wait for it to stomp and run away ) . position the bear trap so that it hits the bear trap . do this 3 times ( against 3 legs ) and you will beat it .
the blue wings represent the portion of your reputation that has come from paragon actions . conversely , the red star represents the portion of your reputation that has come from renegade actions .
by going for an economic advantage , you are on the right path . as you mention in the question however , you are no utilizing that advantage correctly . first , a very basic piece of advice . always build drones unless you have 30 per base . never let your base sit idle , even for a few seconds , unless your minerals and gas are saturated . this alone can send a bronze player to the gold league , and without it there is no point to getting many bases . harassing is generally pointless against a turtle , especially with mutalisks - a player with a single base can just move their army to the mineral line , and harass depends on being faster than the enemy and forcing them to stretch themselves between two or more locations . there is also little point to it - it is done if you are behind and need to catch up economically , or if you are even and want to demolish the opponent . you already have the economic lead and thus , harassing is a waste of your apm . economic advantage lets you , obviously , have more resources . more resources mean more units , earlier . this is further exacerbated by the enemy 's need to use a big part of his income for cannons , if we are talking about a protoss . there is no reason for someone to defeat you with massed void rays if they are turtling - you should either have reached the unit cap far earlier and steamrolled them , or you should have twice as many units as they have void rays , again eliminating their army . especially if you are scouting them - which , since they are on the defense , should be easy to do - you should already know what unit they are massing and what unit to build to counter them . now , newbies have trouble scouting , but in such a situation it is an afterthought - you should have a huge materiel advantage anyway . a good army can break the back of any turtle - a dozen cannons can not even slow a group of units whose population consumption is in the triple digits . your problem , then , is production . for some reason you end up with less units than the enemy despite your income . master larva injections and do not let your queens build up energy - this is hard , but it is another ability that directly translates into better play . make more hatcheries in your base , without them being next to minerals , just for the larvae . never get above 1000 minerals , and if you do , make even more hatcheries ( and try to get better at using up larva and injecting ) . get an overwhelming materiel advantage and crush his base , but do not kill your progress early on by sacrificing units in pushes that inflict no meaningful damage . there is no reason to struggle against an enemy with less resources than you - starcraft is almost always won by the player with more drones . having many hatcheries with a queen each should also help with void rays a little bit - queens are very powerful against air units . try it - kiting on creep should be relatively easy , and mistakes ( which you should not be making ) can be mended with transfuse anyway . having 4 or 5 queens is a given and generally enough to fend off any early void aggression , and they can be mass-produced if needed later on - the hatchery queue is generally empty anyway . boxing your opponent in is the entire battle , really . an enemy who has to resort to turtling is a defeated one , and the entire game is about forcing the other side to limit their drone and base count . someone who does that voluntarily is just a step short of pressing " resign " themselves : )
i actually remember hearing something about this a while back . i think you actually end up with a little over 3gb of space if you delete some demos that come with the system . not sure i can come up with a link with proof though . ahh , here is a link to the amazon review mentioning you end up with about 3.2gb of flash space . http://www.amazon.com/review/r3ia7k9x9350re/ref=cm_cr_dp_cmt?ie=utf8asin=b003o6jklcnodeid=468642
in the pc version of the game , you can leave the game on the tree of wisdom screen for a while without feeding the tree and the tree will repeat previous tips , albeit randomly . i would guess this works for the xbox version . previous tips always start off with : here 's some wisdom that bears repeating . . . if you are not concerned with spoiling tips you have not unlocked yet , you can look at the full list of tree of wisdom tips on the plants vs zombies wikia .
pick a fight with the merchant , but use the steal command to automatically equip his clothes . the child will now let you through . exit to the north to access the next part of the city where npcs in the weapon and armor shop explain the mechanic to you explicitly , telling you to use it on green soldiers . the green soldier can be found by going upstairs by the newly unlocked shop and then all the way behind it . now you can advance to the pub , where a bunch of soldiers roam about the place . go downstairs with the stairs to the right t find a merchant with the wine . fight him and use steal to change back into a merchant . walk back to the house and the man finally speaks about the secret passage and the mystery draft . you need to talk to his son  the npc that only likes merchants  and tell him the password . of course he does not remember the password . the child gives you three options , picking the wrong one gets you beaten up by a kid , stripped of your disguise and sent back to the start , understandable given that you are only a level thirteen or so thief . the correct choice for me was courage , rather than frustration or wild rose ; if the options differ for you then the correct password is likely different too . the secret passage that opens up gets you to a dead end ( ? ) : the empire hq/the traitor 's house . you will notice that no music plays in this area , but if you walk upstairs to the traitor 's room you will finally hear the chrono trigger snowstorm loop draft . the drawer in this room is not against the wall so walk behind it for the secret-er passage . keep the disguise . do your thievery stuff in the first room , save in the second and walk around the clockwork in the third . back in the traitor house , the traitor 's daughter told you to wind the clock . wind the clock in the back of this room to uncover the exit . fight your way through the maze . you will hit a dead end when you will reach two closed chests and an open one . backtrack a couple rooms and hug the bottom wall until you find the secretest passage , which eventually lead back full circle to the mystery meat set of staircases foreshadowed at the very start . leave the city and head north for a free , well earned rest and then it is guess-where-you-need-to-go time ! the answer is west , going backwards through caves you have already explored . you will meet a " boss " at the end , but if you have set the battle selection mode to memory ( a bad idea generally ) , you can heed the on screen instructions for the first turn and then just hold a throughout . and with that it is back to the story arc selection screen .
most likely not . i know sony only allows certain things to be transfered to and from usb drives . profiles on playstations do not roam like on xbox , they cannot be used on more than 2 different consoles currently with ps3 and pretty sure same goes with ps4 . this is just so you have a backup system or if you live in 2 homes and do not want to bring your system everywhere you go . this also limits the effects of gamesharing .
there is no difference in the world generation algorithm between single player and multiplayer . if you use the same seed and same world type in the same version , you will get the same map . the most likely problem is that the multiplayer server was made in a different version . the generation algorithm can change from version to version and is always updated when new biomes are added . if the server was made before december 10th 2013 , it would have been running an older version of minecraft . to generate the multiplayer map , you would need to use the version it was made in .
for skill specific details this is fully covered at the guild wars 2 wiki on the page racial skills . the summary from there says : [ racial skills ] can be equipped on the five last slots of the skill bar , depending on their type . they may have various effects , such as condition removing or changing to a bear form , but they are all projected to be fairly weaker than their counterparts from professions that are specialized in similar skills . each race has 6 skills . racial skills will be available from the beginning of the pve campaign skills in this portion of the bar are earned in a similar fashion as skills on the left . experience and quest completion will unlock them . the first skill is usually granted soon after starting the game and is the top skill in each race from the list below . as of pre-launch , these are the skills . click on each race for full details on the skill and how it can be used : asura utility pain inverter radiation field technobabble elite summon 7-series golem summon d-series golem summon power suit sylvari healing healing seed utility grasping vines seed turret elite summon druid spirit summon fern mastiff take root norn utility call owl call wurm elite become the bear ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the raven ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the snow leopard ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the wolf ( has auxilary sidebar ) charr utility battle roar hidden pistol shrapnel mine elite artillery barrage charrzooka ( has auxilary sidebar ) warband support human healing prayer to dwayna utility prayer to kormir prayer to lyssa elite avatar of melandru ( has auxilary sidebar ) hounds of balthazar reaper of grenth
the answer is , there are none . at least as far as i know , and i did search very very closely . i went to every corner , inspected every wall , jumped on top of the highest roofs , did my best to look at every angle and did not spot any chests at all . you only find those small boxes with money inside , and one of those usual " vault " secret sign which i think gave me a badass point .
yes , guests are taken into calculation online , they impact scores just like a normal player . me and my brother used to play mkwii online a lot , and when he finishes ahead of me , the points i get are calculated as-if a non-guest player finished ahead of me .
according to the minecraft wiki they should be killed either on contact with lava ( by burning ) or by immersion in water ( by drowning ) . so unless things have changed you need to either make sure that they touch the lava or fall into the water . then to make sure they can not jump out of the water you will have to make it deeper ( and possibly wider ) .
fishing in animal crossing can be tricky sometimes , even for seasoned players . this is because it has gone through some subtle iterations , so the best " method " of fishing may not be the same across different ac games , and is often hotly debated online . informal consensus across previous games in the series is that it was preferable to rely on your other senses -- for example , listening to the sound of the bobber or feeling for the rumble of a bite in games that had it . it is easy to flinch or get distracted by the many things happening in the game 's scene , and restricting some of that distraction may prove helpful . new leaf does not support any sort of " rumble pack , " so as far as this method is concerned you would be left to depend on sound . you can try this by closing your eyes , and holding down on a as soon as you hear the appropriate " bite " sound . a more reliable technique is to note the "5 bite limit " of fish in animal crossing . they will not ever bite more than five times . if you are waiting for the fifth bite , then it may be better to have your eyes open to hold down a just as soon as the fish touches the bobber . after you progress far enough in the game , you will have the opportunity to acquire a " silver " or " gold " fishing rod . these upgrades will make catching fish easier because they will bite down longer . hopefully by the time you are eligible for those upgrades , your fishing prowess will make them unnecessary ! otherwise . . . silver fishing rod : catch at least 30 different types of fish and upgrade the museum to have a second floor . then you can purchase this from the museum 's second floor . gold fishing rod : catch all types of fish in the game , and then speak to the fishing tournament host .
if all you want to do is screw around on the map , try the following command in console . mp_tournament 1; mp_tournament_restart for added fun and games , you can bind it to a key like so : bind &lt;key&gt; "mp_tournament 1; mp_tournament_restart" , where &lt;key&gt; is the scripting name for the desired key . this will enter tournament mode , which will leave the game suspended waiting for a tournament round to begin ( and you can just never start that ) .
its worth trying out poison with elves , the racial bonus - half damage from poisoned enemies - allows you to play a game based more on endurance . poison is also useful when : there arent enough swords on the grid the meatshield special enemy is on the grid , as you can still damage normal skulls . flame or spike special enemys ( as you dont have to touch them much ) that special enemy that requires you to strike 3 in a row below it ( forget the name ! ) - can still be poisonsed and damaged .
there are some characters in the game that are more difficult to disarm ( some are even impossible ) . specifically for papal guards , you must : taunt at the guard let their first strike hit you before their second strike lands , perform a counter with empty fists that should allow you to steal their weapon and kill them .
no good player fails to scout , and information is one of the few staples needed to secure a win . even gimmicky strategies benefit from scouting , so you should learn to deal with it , and do it too , especially when doing one-base tech - do not want to hit a turtling fast expander , do you ? i watched the video and saw no ( well-executed ) strategy . you went 1-1-1 and fast cloak , but then the harass failed . if the win was supposed to be a good example of the strategy at work , the harass should've worked , as that is apparently the goal . from there , you proceeded to make a tank-marine-banshee army and push , and frankly , the only reason you won was that the enemy sacrificed his army early on and did not compensate for the ensuing disparity . as day9 says , solid wins are granted more through solid play than through gimmicky strategies . thus , although slightly irrelevant to the question , i will advise you to improve your scv timing - the queue was empty for a few seconds , at least once in the video . you should strive to always have workers in production , and even a single second lost is a flaw in you macro . additionally , especially by the end , your resources were overflowing . more than 100 is ok if you are about to finish a tech building and pop a tech and a unit at the same time , more than 250 is not good , 500 means that your expo/second production building is long overdue . and if you are passing 1000 , you are having serious trouble macroing . on to a tip about your particular build . i did not see when the turrets started being built , but it was around the time of the red push , and i am almost certain it happened in response to you showing your banshee . you basically showed your hand to him . considering that the tech was almost done , the banshee should not even have been in your base , it should've been in or near his , waiting for cloak to finish , starting the attack as soon as possible . generally , your response to being scouted depends on the time of being scouted . your strategy is only 100% discernible at its later stage - a ling wandering in as you are making a factory on double gas tells the zerg nothing . if the enemy saw a banshee though , you can be sure they are taking steps to defend from cloak . those countermeasures cost money , meaning that the enemy is already recouping your losses from having the strategy busted . save the banshee , poke a bit if you have time to , do not research cloak if you do not have it already . make a raven or two ( for pdd ) with the lab and swap to mmm/whateveryouwant , expanding and generally going for a solid game . if the enemy got two turrets or an overseer to counter cloak , they just spent about as much money as you did for the banshee , so your resource loss is nil . enough banshee action might convince them to devote even more resources to the perceived threat of cloak harass . and if the enemy spots the factory in production , and for some reason you are absolutely sure they are going for anti-banshee , just go mmm or blueflame hellion rush . tl ; dr : banshee - 150/100 . turret - 100 . an enemy building two turrets means you are not behind at all , just do not sacrifice the banshee by using it as a normal marine , harass with it for the entire game if you can . aside from that , play normally , shifting to mmm and getting a reactor on the starport - you should always have enough units to survive a desperate all-in push when going for a harass strategy anyway .
it is basically a bug or an unfinished piece of code . from this thread you can see that many other people have it and one of the opinions is : this is a bug , an error , in the game . a " miser run " is one in which you avoid collecting coins , but in this case no goal number has been set . " desc " is short for for description . the programer placed this temporary text to remind himself ( or someone else ) to place description text for the miser run . in the original temple run game a miser run was running 500 meters without collecting any coins , so either this was simply a repeat performance it it was actually code that was copied over from the former game , but not completed . if you look in the main current objectives list you will see that it does not show up . i was able to make this objective disappear by starting a run and simply running off the first ledge without jumping . so do not worry about it , it is just there to take some free space . it might be updated in the future with new objectives ( i hope )
you need to send in a " combo " of two heros with yellow shirts . for more detail , see agent86 's answer at stackexchange-url
yes ! deconstructing buildings gives back the raw materials used . source : experience playing the game . :p
the code itself is : 14106 the pieces are scattered across four art terminals around the level - you will need to interact with them and cycle through the images on each to find them , though if you know the code , you do not need to bother . the three terminals are located : just west of the main elevator in recreation a , in a small room on the northeast corner of the upper level of recreation a , in the two-level lounge on the southeastern corner of recreation b , and in the artechnology store on the upper level of the mall section of recreation c .
yes , the images did not change , nor did the quantities i already had assembled , but the descriptions certainly did ! droid works now produce repair droids instead of astromech droids . officers lounge now gives inspections instead of officers . etc the cost in bux to hurry production have now skyrocketed from 1 bux to 100 bux in the instance of my sith meditation chamber . there is now a standard cost of 100 bux per hour to hurry an imperial item .
assassins do not work so well on actual meta . playing such character type is challenging and the best case to pick such char is to counterpick . as you write this character type can work on ; top - with focus on sustain which often criples damage output in late game ( not reccommended imho ) mid - with focus on damage if have counter ap skills ( reccommended if char have counter ap skill ) jungle - if such char have skills and big mobility but now we see more often offtanks like alistar or malephite on this " lane " ( reccomended if char is viable ) talon is used as a great counterpick on mid - cutthroat skill - applies silence on target so it is great versus squishy ap carries . good luck . edit : here you can see high elo gamer and his game at mid with talon on youtube and his opinon why talon is great at mid : )
you keep all rewards and progression you got up until you leave . you do not get the bonus exp for finishing the match , or the regeneration multiplier , but all burn cards you collect , completed challenges , exp you have earned during play , and unlocks will stay .
first off , let me start by saying : there is nothing wrong with carriers . though they have not seen the same revival that battle cruisers have under terran , carriers remain a very viable late game unit . even in a world of " hard counters " carriers do an enormous amount of damage and require very micro to beat . for players invested in heavy ground forces carriers make a very nice addition and force an opponent to " split " his strategy between disparate units . while many people might point out the effectiveness of vikings , void rays and corruptors against carriers , you have to keep in mind : all those units are effective against colossus and those still make many appearances . the largest problem with carriers is they are often overshadowed by void rays . void rays are a very powerful unit against armored and once charged . by comparison carriers have neither of those drawbacks and are only more expensive . finally , while many people will tell you that carriers are countered by good micro , this is also true for every other unit in the game . the only difference is that carriers are more effective against bad micro . now you discussed carrier rushes , and what i am about to say could apply to any type of rush : a rush is not necessarily a cheese . you should not use the term rush pejoratively . technically going 2 gate is a kind of rush . a rush just means quickly getting to something , and is frequently used as a technique to counter more macro intensive play . since many players play a macro intensive play , a rush is a very good strategy . the trap your friend is falling into is that he is surprised by the sudden force and is using the term rush to dismiss it . " oh you did not really work for that , you just rushed it . " this is actually a mistake in terminology . what he means to say is : you are doing an all in gamble on carriers and if they failed you had be screwed . all in play is often considered boarder line cheesy because you are often unable to recover . however , since the goal is to do more damage to your opponent than you are doing to yourself , a very good timing all in , is an incredible effective strategy . since an all in does not rely on lucky or bad play from your opponent , it is not nearly as cheesy as something like a proxy rax . as a result , most all ins are more moves of desperation than cheese . whether or not you consider all in play to be cheesy , a rush is not by definition a cheese and you should not feel bad about it . even if you had rushed carriers ( which it sounds you had not ) , that would be an interesting new build , not some sort of gambit play . so build them at your leisure . and do try to enjoy yourself while playing starcraft 2 .
this is a good strategy question . when playing the germans/americans i have found that advanced medium tanks quite effective in early phases of a match . you only need a couple of recon . keep them in forests beyond bridges/choke points you control . aa is critical , but keep them a little back from tanks to avoid enemy fire . but not too far , or they can not provide aa cover . i have also found using upgraded foot soldiers very effective in groups of 3 against tanks and heavy machinery , providing they are in fortified locations . they get a big bonus for ambushing and also a defense bonus . that is a good cheap way to hold choke points around towns or roads that go through forests . anti-tanks are limited because they are vulnerable to all sorts of attack . i rarely use them , but that is not to say they are ineffective . they can add punch to a squadron of tanks or infantry you have based in a town . so , use them in fortified locations , ( ie towns , and forests that have roads passing through them ) . advanced medium tanks ( ie upgraded medium tanks ) are almost as effective as heavy tanks but usually cheaper . so my tendancy is to have about 80% medium/20% heavy tanks . so , in summary . use aa but not too close to front line . advanced medium tanks are cheaper and almost as effective as heavy tanks . weight your mix of medium/heavy tanks 80/20 . you only need a few recon but position them for advance warning . ( upgraded ) soldiers are great to hold towns and choke points . finally heavy artillery , can be good depending on the nation you play . upgraded artillery should always have aa cover . i dont find mobile artillery that helpful . about resourcing . you mentioned that you have a cash shortage . my strategy is to get the first couple of the nearby supply depots , and then use a " blitz " ruse to speed up the initial cash flow . then go further abroad to the map edges and get other depots . again use a " blitz " to speed construction and supply truck movement when you have a surplus of ruse cards . if cashflow is good , and the depots are far , create a secondary hq . this is better than using blitz to bring trucks in from far away , and it will save ruse cards . if you have a big attack coming in , and providing it is not a ruse from them , use a " fake assault " ruse elsewhere on the map to draw them off .
source : skill points the only way of improving your skill level is by playing the game in single-player mode . it does not get affected in multiplayer . if you win , your skill level will increase and the computer player will be tougher the next time around . the more times you get knocked down in a fight , the fewer skill points you will earn . the higher your skill level , the larger this penalty is . the maximum number of points you can earn for each fight is 76 . it is possible to win a match yet still lose points .
the chryssalid run distance in the ini file is 20 . this translates into 13 squares of straight line travel for a half-move . see the detailed answer to the " what do distance units mean ? " question . a basic soldier moves 15 squares in a straight line during a full move . given a chryssalid standing next to a soldier and a clear straight run in the opposite direction , the soldier should be able to full move out of range of the alien 's half move , making the alien unable to melee this turn . the alien would have to full move and attack , which it can not do . also note : chryssalids ignore cover . they do not seek it . they do not use it . their attacks ignore it . your soldiers can better support each other by also ignoring cover to get closer together .
you can start the digital download as if you had ordered online by following the steps below . you will not be able to access new cataclysm content until you activate your account with a purchased cataclysm key after midnight pst 12/7 of course . make sure both wow and the launcher and background downloader are not running . navigate to your world of warcraft\wtf folder on your computer . open the launcher . wtf file in your text editor of choice . change the " accounttype " entry from ' lk ' to ' ct ' open the config . wtf file and repeat step 4 . open the wow launcher , you should begin downloading roughly 700 mb of data . enjoy !
you hopefully have a burrow defined that encompasses your fortress interior , for sieges and whatnot ? try extending that burrow so it covers the current surface of the aquifer , but not the z-layer beneath , and set the civilian alert level to restrict to the burrow . with a little luck that will cause your dwarves to treat the freshly channeled-open hole as forbidden and avoid jumping down into it .
the quickest way to make money is to rob a bank . therefore , here 's how to rob a bank version 2.0 : get to the intermediate ranking look for " trace a balance transfer " missions . accept as many as you can . as you complete them , note down the bank ip and account numbers of the accounts which received the money . you will not get these missions after you increase in level , so make sure you accept as many as you can . also , connect to uplink international bank and note down their ip and your account number . alternatively , create an account for yourself at the target bank . note down the account number . set up a nice long bounce route . try to have administrator access on the systems you bounce through , it makes passive traces slower . use internic as your first bounce . connect to the bank and bypass or disable the security . bypass is preferred if you have that option . at the bank login screen , enter the account number of the target account , and use the password cracker to gain access . once inside , transfer the contents of the account to your uplink international bank account , using the details you noted down earlier . alternatively , if you created an account at the target bank , transfer the money to that account instead . pull up the target 's bank statement and use the log deleter to remove the transfer statement from the target account . if you created an account at the target bank instead , delete the transfer statement showing an input from your account there as well . disconnect , and then connect to the uplink international bank using your saved bounce trail . ( you did save it , did not you ? ) bypass uplink international bank 's security . log in to your account . delete the statement logs indicating that your account received an input . connect to internic and delete the bounce logs . you will know if you succeeded because you will get an immediate promotion to uber-skilled . congratulations ! you are a bank robber ! you scoundrel .
here 's how it works : if you are their liege , the gains from the war are part of your kingdom . it does not matter if they are your king , duke , earl , or even mayor , bishop , or count . to claim a duchy from somebody else through war ( when you do not have a casus belli that lets you claim it directly ) : find out who* has a claim on it by opening the duchy information screen and clicking on " claimants " to see who has a claim on that kingdom . invite one of the male claimants over to your court . ( if nobody will come over , or there are no male heirs , you will have to find another way to get that duchy . note that if one of your courtiers marries a female claimant that you can not legally give a title to , that female claimant is not your vassal and the newly-conquered duchy will not become part of your kingdom , even if you give your male courtier a title . ) give that claimant a landed title . any landed title will do , even a city , church , or castle . go to war with the ruler of your choice , using the " claim on duchy x " as your casus belli . once you win the war , that claimant will be your duke . i am guessing that this will also work with kingdoms if you are an emperor . so far , i have claimed two duchies this way : once by giving away a county to the claimant , and once by giving away a bishopric . *as revealed in this other answer , you can not actually press the claim in war unless the claim is strong , or the claimant is a pretender ( 2nd or 3rd in line ) , or there is already another war going on over the title , or the current holder of the title is a woman ( and you have a male claimant ) or a child ( so there is a regency ) . you can only use " any claimant with a pulse " if the title is disputed or the ruler is a child ; you can only use " any male claimant with a pulse " if the ruler is female ; otherwise , you will need to pick up one of the pretenders or someone with a strong claim : you will need to do slightly more research to find who they are , and they are often harder to invite to your court . ( note : if there are three or fewer male claimants , then it is almost certain that they are the heir and pretenders . just grab one and go on your way . figuring out the exact claims is more important when there are four or more male claimants . )
this is what i came up with : and it looks pretty correct to me . by the way what texture pack is that ? bad photoshop :
you can download a snes emulator for the mac os edition from here , then dump a super mario world rom from your own cartridge . in regards to the controller , you can buy one or use the keyboard .
the " premium collectible pack " comes with the purchase of action figure packs , as shown here . the linked page describes the bonus in the following text : these products contain a code that can be redeemed for bonus content for mass effect 3 multi-player . the pack could include character boosters , weapons , weapon modifications and upgrades to make your multi-player squad stronger . this translates to the " special bonus for dedicated mass effect fans " you referred to in your question . it is misleading to have the word " free " included in any sort of description of this pack as you are required to spend a substantial amount to get the figures and code . referenced product :
yes , you can enchant the wuuthrad . you can have any weapon based enchantments on it and you can alter the scale of the enchantment ( you can have fire at 3pts or 15pts , for example ) . once you have enchanted the item , you enchantment is attached to that weapon , although it will still display the " deadly to elves " bonus as it is primary enchantment .
i believe it is better to have many small stockpiles . but you should not put it near labourers . it should be placed near where the recurring production is- trading posts , quarries , foresters/woodcutters . you want these people to store their resource output as quickly as possible so they will go back to working and producing . some stuff like firewood , you do not want your villagers walking out into a blizzard because they are freezing and need firewood but the stockpile is far away . i apply the same principle to storage barns . the real problem is for resources that you can not reliably produce locally like iron or stone . for these resources they will have to walk a long way to get it from whatever your current source is , and there is no stock pile placement to alleviate this . but you can place your stockpiles to increase production . it is a lot easier to build more blacksmiths than to summon more merchants to get more iron .
i am not going to repeat the good points @nevir raised about filtering on search . repair all equipment before using ah if you are buying items for someone and they have damaged equipment , you cannot easily compare stats . rare amulets/rings these are snapped up immediately when they show up with a low buyout ( like 2000 ) - if you have filters set properly and see one of these , consider just buying it asap instead of viewing stats . bid-only items usually these should be filtered out , but periodically check the list without a buyout filter in place . what you are trying to do is find some bid-only stuff that is expiring in the next few hours still at a low or reasonable price ( sometimes it might be overlooked and not even bid on ) and then place a low bid on it . this will almost never work if you are looking for highest value possible of popular attributes like gold find , magic find etc . , and the ah does not allow you to sort by expiration time which is a severe disadvantage . however this is worth trying as you can get lucky and find some decent gear quite cheaply . it is easier to do with more unpopular categories like follower specials or class-specific items . also , it is easy to place multiple low bids on items . . . worst case , you have bought 4 rares for 250 each but its more likely that they get bid up later and you are lucky to get even one . recommendations the gear recommendations you get on the sell page by default , are targeted solely towards your class . this also means that you may miss out on a good item for your current class , just because the system thinks it is better suited for someone else ( or even if it is a perfect fit for an alt ) . choose the correct character when you have multiple characters , make sure to choose the one you are buying things for . i have noticed that sometimes , trying to compare with what you already have will not work properly if you last logged in a different alt -e . g . wizard 20 is the toon who wants a sash , but last time you played monk 6 ; items are filtered in level range for wizard but the comparison screen shows monk sash . if this happens , just login the monk and then logout . using filters - if you set multiple filters and want to void one of them , just select none in that box even if its the first one ( others will still get applied ) . remember to use the ' min value ' field ; e.g. i was looking for gloves with magic find equal or better to current ones with 6% mf , then ignoring all those with 2% mf etc . it was much simpler after putting in a 6 for minimum value ! be aware of impossible mods if you are not getting a result ; do not try for mf on weapons . when getting too many good hits despite filters , add on secondary stuff you normally will not care about too much but is nice to have , like life regen etc .
there is only one character that can raise its maximum stats : wx-78 , the robot . it can eat gears , which upgrades its maximum health , hunger , and sanity with each gear consumed . it can consume a maximum of 15 gears , to get 400 health , 200 hunger , and 300 sanity . ( the bonus is 20 health , ~6.66 hunger , and ~13.33 sanity per gear , rounded up . ) wx-78 needs this pretty badly , because it starts with below-normal stats .
what you are looking for is called a rs latch . you can build this with vanilla components like so : with the pressure plate powering one side of the input , and the " reset button " powering the other . or , since you are running a version of the ftb pack that still has redpower2 , you can use the redpower2 rs latch . it is up to you on how you want to wire it ( obviously the wiring is much simpler with redpower2 ) .
it is known , and somewhat-new . as of march 20 , 2014 , a new ability was added to the heat sink , thanks to iqtech research . an article was written to break down the changes into greater detail , next generation of heat sinks . in short , addition of a heat sink to a portal will reset both the cooldown timer , as well as reset the burnout counter . both of these resets only apply to the agent deploying the heat sink . source : http://decodeingress.me/ingress-manual/ingress-items/portal-mods/heat-sink/ the idea is that by deploying a heat sink , you get the bonus hacks , but not the enemy agent who wants to leech your farm before taking it down .
no , you cannot customize the control layout for consoles the way you describe . no such options exist in the game options , nor does any reference to customizing controls exist in the console manuals : http://help.ea.com/article/mass-effect-3-manuals here is the controller options screen in the xbox 360 version :
yes ! supreme commander lives on here : forged alliance forever there is a community created match making service , balance patches , mods , maps , etc . if anyone can help you with getting linux to connect , its the guys that read that support forum .
spoiler warning : most of them are dead . cycle through the enemy npcs near the location ; one of them will have the missing person 's name , and once you have targeted them they will be checked off your list .
some of the answers to my question here might be of interest - although i have moved from uk to australia
just tested it . there is a string of flags right above the ammo vendor in southern shelf , very convenient . indeed , physx setting changes the hitboxes of objects - some non-simulated cloth stops bullets , while the same simulated cloth is not in the same place at all , and stops some bullets elsewhere . the answer is : each computer determines bullet collision on its own , then sends the bullet path to other players . that is : you always see your bullets conform to your physx setting , other players see your bullets stop in mid-air / go through seemingly bulletproof flags . science !
merchants restock their inventory after 2 days in game . the items on the shelves can be bought . http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:containers#merchant_chests all merchants in the game ( with the exception of hunters , peddlers , and skooma dealers ) have a merchant chest containing the merchant 's gold and the goods they have available for sale . the chest does not contain the merchant 's entire inventory  merchants will also sell some items sitting out in the store and unequipped items in their personal inventory  and also is not the only source of merchant gold  any personal gold will be added to the merchant 's available gold .
there are a few achievements tied to the main quest which have you joining either the stormcloaks or the imperial legion , but these are awarded for picking either path , rather than siding with one group over the other ( as in dragon age : origins , for instance ) . all of these achievements should be attainable in a single playthrough :
i was having problems with this too . from looking at the map i thought that i could travel along the coast to the east of windhelm to get to winterhold , but there is no path for that . you actually have to go west from windhelm then north through a mountain pass . from there you will end up along the coast east of winterhold . there you will start heading west till you get to winterhold . for a better picture you can look at this map from the skyrim wikia . it may be a spoiler if you had rather explore it yourself .
according to the screenshots in this bioware forum post ( and mentioned in another thread , by another player ) , the reward is a 10% power or weapon damage bonus . the intel is listed as " prejek paddlefish " in the terminal , and has the following description : this fish is a rare and valuable subspecies of the prejek paddlefish , prized for its rich and savory flavor . the breed is endangered , and a member of the hanar illuminated primacy is offering a choice of rewards in exchange for the fish .
unfortunately , i do not have anything that could change the seed i was getting for those abductions ( without loading way back ) , so i just sucked it up and lost a couple countries on continents i did not want to . oh well . one thing i have noticed from playing through , however , is that abductions only occur in countries for which there is no satellite coverage , so by planning my deployments a little more strategically ( and getting lucky with the terror mission locations ) , i was able to avoid any more losses - basically , blanket the the three continents with the fewest countries ( south america , north america and africa ) with satellites asap , and from there on out , you will only get abductions in europe and asia , which makes it much easier to manage panic levels , especially if/when the terror missions also happen on those two continents .
a spreadsheet link was placed in an article from uesp wiki giving the values for followers aptitudes , or maximum level in the specific skill of archery : max level 100 jenassa , aela max level 98 lydia , argis , calder , iona , jordis , vilkas max level 97 cicero others 87: faendal 78: derkeethus , annekke , ghorbash 73: erik , vostag , stenvar , mjoll 72: kharjo , ahtar 57: cosnach , golldir , uthgerd , benor , borgakh , ogol 50: athis , ria , torvar 32: roggi , sven 20: j'zargo ? ? : onmund , erandur , brelyna , aranea , illia , eola , marcurio , berland , njada , farkas
according to http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/631516-wii-u/64155948 it works and http://www.ign.com/boards/threads/wii-u-support-wiimotes-with-wii-plsu-attachment-or-not.452723128/ says that the wii u can not tell the difference . even a regular one without an attachment will work on games that do not require the added functionality , however of course games that need the wm+ require the attachment .
the firewalker dlc in its entirety has no effect on mass effect 3 . this dlc provides : multiple different side quests ( 5 assignments in 7 locations ) a new vehicle to explore these side quests ( m-44 hammerhead hovertank ) a variety of different resources ( paladium , platinum , etc ) a prothean relic to store in your captains ' quarters a fuel depot is added to the widow system ( near the citadel ) you could view that the resources gathered while completing these missions means you do not have to do as much planet scanning to meet the requirements to upgrade the normandy before the final mission , but this is very much a personal choice as you can fully upgrade the normandy without owning the firewalker dlc .
https://twitter.com/maxisguillaume/status/314508463445266433 yeah it makes power for them -- almost 100% for d1 , 30% for d2 and 10% for d3 i am assuming that d is short for density . . .
the learning curve to dotp is simple as it highlights cards that are usuable and basically completes any steps that are required to cast spells for you ( i.e. . tapping mana ) . it is very simple compared to the paper version or even mtg online as the closest thing to deck building is the ability to add certain cards to decks , instead of having a large pool of cards to choose from and building decks from scratch . all-in-all a fun game , but definately aimed at newer players . give the 5-minute tutorial a run through and you will be fine . the graphics are not too intense , and you should not have a problem with the laptop being able to run it . edit : i looked at your original question - yes , the single campaign is fun as the opponents decks do actually get harder as you play along . if you are a completionist , the single player campaign will be where you will focus most of your time too .
score is determined based on how many notes you hit and how well you hit them . rank is determined only by how well you hit them . s ranks also require you do not miss anything ; if you miss but still meet the requirements for an s , you will only get an a . since the number of notes varies by song , that means score and rank can be very different between them . as a degenerate case , consider a one-note song . the maximum score would be 300 points , but if you got that , you had expect an s rank . s rank : 90%+ scored 300 , no misses , no missed small dots , and passed every spinner a rank : 81-89% scored 300 b rank : 71-80% scored 300 c rank : 61-70% scored 300 d rank :  60% scored 300 ( i do not remember if these numbers are rounded up or down . )
yes , in sector map . change axis and navigate the blinking cursor with the numpad arrows , then click on the cursor . there are mods/scripts that make it even easier to navigate , i do not have the links to them though .
you are unable to withdraw the funds directly after depositing into the battle .netaccount balance . however you could possibly find a good diablo 3 item to purchase worth around the amount you want to withdraw on the real-money auction house and re-sell it listing with paypal as the posting method . not an ideal way to go about it , but the only way to really move funds around is by selling items .
there are multiple ways to avoid his hook . once he shows his initial hook animation ( pointing ) , you have to run in a circle fashion around him . do not run away , as the hook can catch you easily this way . another way to avoid the chain is to keep the butcher at maximum distance , he has to be off screen . when he throws his hook it will not reach you . a good way to practice this is to run down as soon as the fight starts , as he usually begins with hook . then shoot him from the distance . this is only viable if you deal ranged damage . this works fine as the only other attack that can kill you is his charge and he spits fire just before that . note : the chain deals about 30k damage on inferno , so either you go for a quick death , dealing mass damage ( 30k+ ) or you get at least 30k vitality and some good armor . but even with 30k health he will oneshot you with his other abilities . many people claim you can kill the butcher with about 15-17k damage before the enrage timer is activated , but this works only if you deal constant damage ( like a tank ) . for a demonhunter you need about 20k damage without sharpshooter and still you will die very often .
i believe the answer is no , a quick search of google pulls up nothing helpful . this link on modding states that there is no left handed animation for some weapons .
the most efficient way to farm them is to make a farm for them , of course ! but while it is the most efficient way , it is still not very efficient . you could be looking at several minutes between drops . the general setup for a mimic farm is quite simple : find yourself a mountain , or generally a place with natural dirt walls that is not too deep ( else you will get golden mimics with double health ) . dig down and and make a lava pit . make several 3-high tunnels to the left and right of it . set up dart traps aimed at the ground of each tunnel . wire them to a 3 second timer . activate the timer and set up camp in the middle so that the mimics will fall into the lava pit . what happens : when a mimic spawns in one of the tunnels off-screen , a dart trap will give it a poke , which sends it hopping towards you and ultimately , the lava pit . since this is not a novel concept , here 's two designs that i totally stole from other people . design 1 ( source ) design 2 ( source ) of course , there are also the general tips that apply to every grinder setup : hold a water candle while idling . chug battle potions . if other enemies congregate around your location , make another lava pit to get rid of them &mdash ; they will hog the npc spawn slots .
someone can correct me if i am wrong , but i do not believe you can be revived by a teammate . however , i think that killing any enemy ( not just the one who put you in last stand ) will revive you . it is somewhat rare ( and always chaotic ) that i go into last stand , so i am not 100% certain of either of those .
night blossoms seem to be the only plant that grows back . i have been to crazy joe 's ( i keep wanting to say crazy dave ) swamp a few times and the night blossoms have reset . comet bloom and desert spores must be found , and i have seen no evidence that they regrow . i do not know if the night blossom 's regrowth is due to a timer ( real world or in game ) or tied to story completion . however , it does not really matter as night blossoms are the only plant you can purchase ( in subway town ) in the game .
flying was the only holdout with no pure type pokemon , which as you note gen v changes . from bulbapedia : prior to generation v , this type was the only one of the seventeen that was never seen as an authentic pure type ; tornadus is the first pure flying type . there are , however , a large number of type combinations that do not exist .
the best way would probably be to re-battle trainers . you can do so at big stadium and small court in nimbasa city once a day , or with any pokmon breeder , since they will battle you each time you leave the area and they spot you/you talk to them again , as many times as you wish . also , equip the amulet coin ( that you can get in castelia , according to bulbapedia ) .
not really . . . the only trainers ( in the main series ) you do encounter with shiny pokemon are in trainer tower from fire red and leaf green ( gen 3 ) . in the single battle mode , the seventh trainer has a shiny meowth . in double battle mode , the first trainer pair will have a shiny espeon . in the knockout mode , the fourth trainer will have a shiny seaking . several trainers in pokemon battle e ( also gen 3 ) have pokmon that are shiny . in b2/w2 , you can encounter a shiny wild level 60 haxorus in the middle of the nature preserve . in pokemon conquest ( technically it is gen 5 ) , nobunaga uses a shiny rayquaza in your final battle against him .
you can judge the beauty of the governor 's daughter by how she dresses . plain daughters will wear a scarf that covers almost to their neck : attractive daughters wear something revealing that covers their shoulders : beautiful daughters wear a very revealing low-cut dress : also , when the daughter enters the room , the text on the screen will describe her as being " rather plain , " " attractive , " or " beautiful " as the case may be . here again , you can note that her dress gives away her beauty level as well .
no - switching servers will not result in you losing your existing cities . it is possible to create up to 10 regions in simcity , each with multiple cities , across each of the out of game regions that servers are hosted in ( europe west , east , oceania etc ) . each of these game servers are standalone from each other , so the first time you log into each server you will need to do the tutorial and create a new region to play in . games on each server are only available on that server , however if you change to another server and later return to your original server all of your saved regions will still be there . for example , last night i created a save on europe east but then was disconnected and was unable to get back on . when i logged into the oceania server i was able to log in but had to complete the tutorial again , and then create a new region and start from scratch . later on i tried to reconnect to the europe east server and my original game was saved and waiting for my return .
if you train a regular person into being a hacker , their salary will be 10 times ( at least ) what a " hired " hackers will be . once you are in the big office , if you do a hollywood talent search , you usually get a hacker or two , and their salaries are much more reasonable . does not really matter in the late game , but i wrecked myself trying to get hackers a few times before i could hire them .
no , your physical appearance has no effect on available choices or actions . someone will sleep with you even if you look like that . the game characters know its that paragon or renegade gushing heart what matters . also unlike me2 , me3 conversvation choices are dependent on the sum of paragon , renegade , and reputation points . this differs from previous bioware games such as kotr where your alignment ( good / paragon vs evil / renegade ) do affect relationships .
it is called ascension by composer neal acree , featuring the skywalker symphony and chorus , and vocalist laurie ann haus . neal acree has released the full track on his youtube page : i stumbled upon this a few days ago . i hope you are still around to enjoy it !
you get $5 for each entrance correctly resolved . there are some other bribes that appear in the game , people asking for letting them through , it is probably worth $5 extra which means that if you can afford to have a warning you get a profit of one extra person . i never took them so i do not know what are the consequences . you get $200 extra for letting the soldier 's girlfriend through , you get some extra cash if you manage to adopt your niece ( something like $150 -> $200 ) and another $200 , if you properly help the ezic order . the $1000 gift from the order gets you in trouble so either burn it or be ready to have all your money confiscated . if the latter happens , you can sort it out by letting the right ezic agent through but the they will not return the money for you . i just finished a game where i escaped on the 22nd , with my wife and my son and living in a class 7 apartment . the flats are offered for you throughout the game , not sure if at specific dates . you can manage moving to another apartment and paying for bills and what not if you can get about 12~14 entrances sorted out per day . hope this helped and good luck !
after finally becoming a mad scientist i promptly quit , and i was still able to perform experiments on my unsuspecting household items .
it will totally replace your current system with the version from the backup archive , except for the trophies that are not stored in the backup ( the only way to backup them is to create a psn account and to synchronize them with the server ) .
make the mom turn so listen is facing the father and abandon is facing the child make the father turn so admire is facing the mother , protect is facing the child make the child turn so love is facing the mother and father . source is ign
strange that you have this problem . might be some issue with psn . can you install other applications like vudu or hulu+ ? also you can try pointing the ps3 browser to www.netflix.com . i think it gives you an option to download it from there .
the annihilus charm is a unique charm , so no , you can not fill your inventory with those , since you can only carry one of each at any time . other than that , for the other charms there is no limit other than your inventory capacity . that is why charms are considered very valuable items : in a limited space they give you powerful bonuses . some links with confirmations of the stacking properties : diablowiki a gamespot forum discussion an incgamers forum discussion regarding the limits , you get a cap only for skills that have a cap ( for example elemental resistances are maxed out at 100% ) ; others , such as magic find , have no cap , so you can hoard as many mf charms you can , but they have diminishing returns ; others instead , as the +skill ones , have no cap at all , so for those the sky 's the limit ! ( or , more realistically , you backpack )
halbu and jamella appear to be a warriors chosen by heaven to fight hell , as tyrael mentions that many mortals have journeyed to the pandemonium fortress . perhaps their near silence is a result of their prolonged and never-ending battle against the burning hells . thats what i have gathered from my diablo 2 strategy guide from ages ago and relistening to tyreal talk :p , plus the wiki i found says the exact same thing . : )
this is a game mechanic where randomly some character will raise a huge army and come to attack your lands with a claim to one of your titles . the easiest way to deal with it is to assassinate the character ( the army disbands if you murder the leader ) . it is more tricky if they are your relative as being caught killing them will give you a kinslayer trait and probably also a negative opinion modifier with a bunch of your vassals . in that case you should consider fighting it out . otherwise if you can afford it , or even better if you can put together a plot , murder would be the preferred solution .
no , there is no way to choose your nuke . they are launched in sequence . meaning the nuke you build first gets shoot first . this means you can choose the order before you build them , but you cannot change it afterwards . source : i opened a game , build 2 silos and tried everything to change the order . there just is no ui to change the order . i even tried to select 1 ghost and 1 silo while launching , still no effect .
the champion class is not a good main tank . if you compare a champion with a guardian or a warden you will find one or more deficits . the average champion will have lesser block- , parry- and evade ratings , lesser critical hit protection , lesser damage reduction , lesser incoming heal , lesser skills for survivability and poor skills to get and gain aggro . but a champion can get used as main tank . but that highly depends on the skill , experience and equiptment of the champion , the instance and the other members of the group . i did quite some main tanks runs with my champion and i have also a warden . if a rate the difficulty of instances/encounters with my champion as main tank : sammath gl : not easy but ok halls of crafting : quite difficult great barrows ( thadur/sambrog ) : hard the blind one in dar narbugud : very hard durchest in barad guldur : is nearly impossible and compare if the with the difficulty rating for my warden : sammath gl : easy halls of crafting : easy great barrows ( thadur/sambrog ) : not easy but ok the blind one in dar narbugud : difficulr durchest in barad guldur : hard it obvious that tanking with a tank class is just much easier .
weapon mods are a permanent item . some only work with certain weapons/types of weapons , which may make it seem like they disappeared , but they cannot be expended by any means and are yours unless you decide to delete/get rid of them . hope this helps !
you have the opportunity to collect all of them . i have not found them in the same locations but i have found more in stores on the citadel . look at your display case in your quarters and count off how many you have , you will notice that several showed up without too much effort ( if any ) i have not yet found the space hamster however .
was able to remove quest from journal w/ " setobjectivecompleted cr07 10 0" and " setobjectivecompleteed cr07 0 0" . . . but vilkas still thinks it is uncompleted . this one seems hopeless .
i figured out what i did wrong , but i had to reload from a save in order to fix it . at the start of the battle by the windmill , i moved forward very quickly , before the oil barrels had a chance to light . this caused the barrels not to light , since i was in their area of effect at the time , which evidently borked the other triggers for the rest of the scene . moral of the story : sit tight and let the zombies come to you .
joining a group is a feature introduced in generation iv . players in the same group encounter the same swarming pokmon , weather conditions , changing pokmon in the great marsh , feebas location , and other things each day . group members can compare records on the third floor of jubilife tv . source : bulbapedia
below radar works at altitudes of 20 meters or less above the ground directly under you ( so 20 meters above a mountain will still work . it works by not allowing anyone to lock onto you , and any locks currently in progress will be broken . it does not work to stop missiles that are already in the air , and the lock will not break for about . 5 seconds after you go below radar , so if someone is almost locked on , there is a chance they might still be able to fire a missile or two . it is very easy to tell when you are below radar in a helicopter , as the altimeter on the right hand side of the screen will be red when you are at 20 or below . in a jet however , there is no indication , so the best way for you to learn is to fly helicopters until you are comfortable enough with knowing instinctively how low 20 meters is . before the latest patch , it would not work on surface-air missiles , but as of the latest patch it works on everything ( in fact it is a little bit op sometimes ) .
a father that has access to male-only classes ( fighter and barbarian ) will pass on a female-only class instead . a father with access to fighter will pass on pegasus knight to their daughter and a father with access to barbarian passes on troubadour . the exception to this is vaike , who for some reason , despite having access to both fighter and barbarian , gives knight and mercenary to daughters instead . guess he has something against mounts ? so , gaius , donnel , and a male avatar will pass on pegasus knight to a daughter . if you are looking just to pass on the pegasus knight skills , a number of male children can get those from their mother - though male child characters whose mothers do not have access to pegasus knight will never be able to acquire pegasus knight skills . source : http://serenesforest.net/fe13/children.html
that would be megan reed , adam jensen 's girlfriend .
that is not entirely correct . in the original disgaea , int is still the determining factor for the healing amount . in all subsequent disgaea games , it was switched over to res . in the first , i believe the res of the recipient also plays a factor into how much they are healed , but the int of the caster is the biggest factor . also , there is no reason for your cleric to be a dual mode ( in fact , they become more handy if you learn the boost spells from a mage as well as some damage spells ) . just have the cleric make a few students and learn the spells from them by standing next to the students ( which gives them access to the spell ) .
it is hard to see in your pictures but it looks like either un-rendered surface faces or the lighting bug . in both cases this is just the state of minecraft at this current time . the issues have been lingering and annoying . if the surface blocks are not rendering but you can see below them and the render when you step on them , you can mitigate this by turning off advanced opengl . this will not remove the issue but it did help me significantly with my game and a few other people . if it is that the blocks are just not lit then walk into them , update the chunk some how ( place a torch ) and it will update the lighting calculations . this is an acknowledged mojang issue that they are looking at solving with out killing world generation performance . another thing to consider are the mods you are running . . wallhack probably alters the rendering a bit ; )
there are very few boe trinkets , so not much can be auctioned away . darkmoon card : maelstrom is the prime target , usable at level 60 and may last you a while . it can be acquired for quite cheaply if you are in luck as well . sonic booster is awesome if you are an engineer , but is limited by that . the final option , mercurial stone is a prime option from level 65 and on . you can use two of them as they are not unique , and hit rating is a great dps boost as you level if you are fighting enemies the same or higher level than you . after those , there are darkmoon cards available at level 70 ( some of them are a definite upgrade ) and a fair few more at level 80 . overall i would just use the heirlooms to be honest .
you want the entitypolice bukkit plugin : /entitypolice count cow &gt; 649 
turns out you get the magical gem as a quest reward - a few hours or so after billy asks you for the magical gem for his plane , pepin will tell you about a family heirloom that he wants to give to you in exchange for a lotus flower . once you craft the lotus flower for pepin , he will give you the magical gem that billy needs .
going on the data available to me via the wiki . . . it is more efficient in terms of overall resources spent to level up your farms at the same rate . the level 1 farm costs 20 of each resource for an increase of 1 ( in terms of food production - it is producing 2 food , but that is only 1 improved over the previous level ) . the level 2 farm likewise costs 36 of each resource , and increases the yield by 2 . so you can either spend 20 + 36 == 56 for a level 2 farm for a grand total of 3 increased food per hour , our you can spend 20 + 20 == 40 for two level 1 farms and 2 increased food per hour . 56 / 3 = 18.67 resources / food vs . 40 / 2 = 20 resources / food . at this point , diminishing returns have yet to set in -- it is worth it to get all of your buildings up to level 2 asap , as they provide a better return on your investment . however , if we carry on the math-- a level 3 farm costs 20 + 36 + 64 = 120 resources , the same as upgrading 6 farms to level 1 . level 3 farm = +6 increased food / hour 6 level 1 farms = +6 increased food / hour . at this point , you get the exact same return no matter how you spend your resources . but if we carry the math one step further . . . level 4 farm = 120+112 == 212 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 19.27 resources / food if we spend those same 212 resources on 3 level 2 farms , and 2 level 1 farms , we get 208 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 18.91 resources / food it is slight , but by this point , you have gained the same bonus for slightly less resources than if you had focused on leveling a single building . keep all your buildings as near in level as you are able for the best efficiency .
nope ! enemies only care about your footsteps , and how visible you are ( which your pipboy 's light affects ) . just think of the lone wanderer as having pip-boy earbuds !
fight early , fight often . focus on map awareness . building big armies requires big resources that have to come from somewhere . harass your opponent as he tries to expand , forcing the smaller skirmishes . limiting resources is the best way to force combat with less troops .
riot games have put a special effort into having balanced champions for this game style as well . i do not believe there are any champions to avoid . however , the team composition changes a bit . ap carry you will still need one , or else the other team will just build against ad and will own you as soon as they are a bit stuffed . tank / off tank king in solo holding the bot lane , also very good in " tower diving " ( if we can still call it so in dominion ) . melee fighters they tend to be the heroes everyone picks as they are sort of kings on this map . they deal quite some damage and have high sustainability ( so they do not need to back often ) , and are often very good in 1v1 ( which happens pretty often in dominion ) . ranged ad carry more than one is too much , but not having one ( to have more fighters ) is a handicap . he deals crazy damage and can attack out of tower range or defend minion waves without exposing himself in front of the tower . from the games i have played or seen , having only melee champs is clearly a handicap . support i rarely see them in dominion and believe they are overlooked . each time i have had one on my team , it was awesome to hold the windmill ( we never had to back , support would always buff/heal us ) . however , having a support requires good team play , because the champion will not do anything on its own ( compared to fighters ) . general as xp gain is so fast in dominion , teams are usually built with mid/late game champions . riot tried to correct this in a previous patch by lowering the xp gain aura on the map , however , you still get to level 6 tremendously fast , so do not hesitate in taking weak early game champs ( like kassadin , useless before level 6 ) . try having a hero or 2 ( at least ) with high mobility ( rammus , kassadin , nocturne , twisted fate , etc . ) to do lane swaps and be unpredictable in your tower attacks . conclusion all heroes are viable . it all depends on the team composition . good akali , irelia and xin zhao champions can however be freaking awesome with their ganking abilities and life steal .
yes . if you are skulled and in the wilderness , you lose everything . if you are just skulled , but not in the wilderness , you drop everything in a gravestone , which you then have a limited amount of time to return to in order to retrieve your items . you can see what you could lose and keep when you die by bringing up the items kept on death screen from the equipment page . this will show you the items that you automatically keep ( some quest items and low level items ) , as well as the group of items where you will be able to choose three items to keep . again , any items dropped are stored in a gravestone for a limited amount of time . you can then click on the what if i entered the wilderness button to see what would happen if you died in the wilderness . note that both of these screens assume you are not skulled .
go to the pause menu ( press esc on pc ) and choose abort memory to jump out of whatever mission you are currently pursuing , removing whatever objective you are aiming for and allowing you to take new missions . i believe any progress in the current memory will be irreversibly lost .
in the concluding fight of modern warfare 1 ( the one on the bridge ) , it is implied that price is killed ( he gets shot a few times ) . however , it turns out that he was only captured ( although you do not see him being captured as you are too busy doing your thing ) .
abilities that can one shot illusions : hexes from lion , shadow shaman ( or scythe of vyse ) : instakill mana drain from lion : illusion automatically dies after 0.25 sec life drain from pugna : illusion dies after the first tick of damage glimpse from disruptor : instakill illusion stone gaze from medusa : instakill any successfully petrified illusion purge from diffusal blade ( not hero ability but could be usefull versus morphling ) : instakill as far as i know those are the only that exists .
experience gain from items on a pet do not stack or affect your character in any way . bonuses from items and the adventurer skill stack in this way : if you have +10% from the adventurer skill , +2% from a ring , and +5% from a necklace , your experience gain will be 10+2+5=17% .
the server stops the simulation when no players are connected . therefore , both the day-night cycle and biome spreads do not proceed unless at least one player is in the world . you can test this for yourself with the " time " command in the server console .
the wii/wii u sensor bar simply emits a set of infrared lights that the wii remote can detect . the cable that connects the sensor bar to your console is solely used to supply power ; without power , however , the sensor bar will not function . there do exist third-party wireless sensor bar products that use batteries , but since you say that you are not interested in third-party products , you may be out of luck on that front . i am not aware of the existence any sort of adapter product that will convert the sensor bar 's plug connector into other connector formats , but i did happen to find a video where someone demonstrates doing so as a homemade project . however , it involves wire splicing and that sort of dirty work :
no , once you have caught a legendary ( that is able to respawn if beaten ) , it will not respawn again in the same game . i believe this done to prevent having dozens of legendaries from the same game ( in the sense you mentioned , i.e. trading one away , get another , trade it yet away , get yet another . . . ) , while at the same time , give players the possibility to catch them if they accidentally faint the legendary pokmon . legendary birds do not respawn in xy . mewtwo and zygarde can , however .
i do not know what it is by design but i can provide statistics on a per region basis . bare in mind , this is where players are , not where they belong ( so they maybe better or worse than they appear ) . these numbers would seem to suggest the following : diamond : 95th percentile plat : 80th percentile gold : 60th percentile silver : 40-35th percentile bronze : 1st percentile update : at blizzcon 2010 blizzard announced that they would add two new leagues with the following requirements : grand master : top 200 players master : 98th percentile
to teleport your crew members back : make sure your teleporter is active ( after using it to teleport crew members over , it will take a while for it to reset and be usable again ) . make sure the crew members you are trying to teleport are standing in a room , not entering or leaving it . ( if they are busy fighting someone that is fine ) . click on the bottom of the two teleportation icons . click on the room in the enemy ship which holds your crew members .
it is a % chance but you can have multiple attempts at dominating an enemy . the following factors seem to come into play when trying to dominate somebody : the level and type of enemy the number of enemies around at the time ( large groups seem to just ignore you , while a guard by themselves will back down easier ) the guard/police officers alert state ( they are more likely to surrender if you jump out from around a corner at them and start screaming at them than if they are already actively engaged with you , but it is still possible to injure one and then shout him down ) how far away you are from the guard/police officer the skills you have , the tier 3 bonus increases shout range and the tier 6 bonus increases intimidation amount if you get too close to a guard , he will simply handcuff you and if you are too far away though ( and do not have the top tier mastermind perk which increases intimidation and the additional skills that increase range ) then you will simply be out of range . once you have your target 's attention , intimidating them requires three shouts . video courtesy of ronanforman the first shout will make him put his hands up and drop his weapon the second will make him kneel the third will make him handcuff himself once your target is handcuffed , he is a hostage and is included in the hostage counter , can be traded for your team mates lives , and can only be freed by a law enforcer . a handcuffed law enforcer can then be turned using the " joker " ability in the mastermind skill tree to fight on your side .
if you allow yourself to get into a position where a guard is not engaging you but is within melee range , he will occasionally try to slap some handcuffs onto you . this can happen if you pick a door that has a guard standing on the other side for example on framing frame day 1 at the art gallery with the door leading into the toilets or from getting too close to a law enforcer for a period of time during combat .
to complete the group dungeons that do not belong to your own faction , you will first have to talk to the undaunted and become one of them ( this is optional , if you have got someone else " opening " the dungeons for you ) . talking to them will reveal the dungeon locations ( read : map pins ) for your current zone/tier . complete the group dungeon belonging to your current zone ( i.e. . your own faction ) first . for example , if you start in the daggerfall covenant , the first group dungeon to be completed would be spindleclutch . once completed , the other two group dungeons of that tier will be open to you . once visible on your map and unlocked , you can just click the group dungeon icon to travel there ( it is essentially a wayshrine ) . note that each and every faction got their own instances of those dungeons , i.e. you can not group with someone from another alliance to run these dungeons . the story and content are identical though .
that same topic is covered on civfanatics here . the conclusions they came to are : this happens when a city state conquers a city from a major civ . they automatically get their resource placed under that city , but they immediately raze the city , leaving the resource behind . there is no improvement that you can build to access the resource ( citadel will not work ) . however , if you were to build a city directly on top of the resource , you would then get it . it is likely this will be patched at some point so that the resource does not automatically appear under the city when it is conquered .
in those fields , you will see very small asteroids that move through space ( as opposed to the larger rocks which are stationary ) . shoot those with your guns and some of them will drop commodities .
the deck that i have had the most success with is as follows : jace 's phantasm ( 2 ) , visions of the beyond ( 2 ) , tome scour ( 2 ) , unsummon ( 2 ) , hedron crab ( 2 ) , counterspell ( 2 ) , into the roil ( 2 ) , jace 's erasure ( 2 ) , mind sculpt ( 3 ) , crippling chill ( 3 ) , sands of delirium ( 1 ) , sword of body and mind ( 1 ) , clone ( 2 ) , sleep ( 1 ) , icy manipulator ( 2 ) , telemin performance ( 1 ) , archive trap ( 1 ) , body double ( 1 ) , traumatize ( 1 ) , scalpelexis ( 1 ) , isleback spawn ( 2 ) , chancellor of the spires ( 2 ) the breakdown looks like this : mana 1: 10 mana 2: 9 mana 3: 5 mana 4: 5 mana 5: 5 mana 7: 4 sub total : 38 total ( inc mana cards ) : 65 the focus of the deck is to attack the other player 's library , while drawing cards . half of the spells in the deck are low-cost ( 1 or 2 mana ) to allow for a constant assault . this also means you should be able to start right away . i have ignored cards that allow the opponent to draw cards , as i found this to be a great help whenever i play against jace 's deck . in answer to the second question , there are several ways to modify this deck , but i would advise staying as close as possible to the 60 card deck minimum . a full listing of available cards ( by deck ) can be found here
here 's a very handy diagram for how the crew skills relate to each other .
i found this forum thread which claims to have a full listing of all the geneforge 2 endings , and there is no reference to tuldaric 's modifications having any impact . nothing about altering appears anywhere in any reference to an ending as far as i can tell . without playing the game through twice , i can not give a definitive answer , but from what i have seen , i think you will get the " non canister " ending if you do not use canisters but agree to the alteration .
there are certainly behavioral differences at the harder difficulty levels . a few that i have noticed : harder ais : scout more aggressively defend better against rushes ( ie . by pulling workers off the mineral line to defend ) will target scvs instead of hopelessly attacking whatever it is the scvs are repairing so it seems to me the developers actually took into account tactics that better players use and only make these tactics available to the ai based on its difficulty . of course , this is only a small piece of the puzzle and there are no doubt a lot of factors that go into it . if you are really curious , i would suggest saving some replays of different level ais ( for the sake of the experiment , make them the same race and on the same map ) and actually watching what they do differently .
they drop randomly from doing jobs and fighting in new york . presumably , the rate is similar to any other chop shop item , as there are not exceptions noted , but i personally have not fought or done jobs in ny at all really since the chop shop was introduced , so i am not entirely sure . ~ source
decapitation will prevent reanimation , though it is impossible to pull off consistently , and it does not work on creatures . reanimated corpses will turn to dust after the spell ends or the caster is killed , which prevents further reanimation . disintegration from lightning magic also works . kill the necromancer raising them . raise them first .
epic war has a large collection of warcraft 3 maps . just choose a category on their search page : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/ here is a search url for all survivor td maps , sorted by downloads : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/?dosearch=1name=category=5players_bool=1players=1roc=1tft=1order=descsort=downloadspage=1
hold down back ( xbox ) or select ( ps3 ) , go to " quick gps " and select " atm " which will put a waypoint on the nearest atm . this is from the gta online guide - interaction menu : use the interaction menu to access the quick gps function , which will help you find your way to useful locations more quickly . view the interaction menu in game by holding select/back . use quick gps to quickly navigate to locations such as your home , nearby atms , ammu-nation and more . you can also use quick gps while doing missions  objective locations will appear as quick gps destinations . called pegasus for one of your air or sea vehicles ? then select pegasus vehicle as a quick gps location and go straight to your awaiting vehicle . edit : here is a little more information about atms i found in the gta online guide : you can also access your bank account to make deposits and withdrawals using the internet , simply visit www.maze-bank.com from your phones web browser or any connected device . your bank is shared between your character slots so they can deposit and withdraw from the same account . gta dollars bought from the store will be deposited directly into your bank account .
no , none of the crimson enemies spread crimson like corruptors . in fact , as of patch 1.2 , corruptors no longer spread corruption .
found out some information here . do i have to fork over 1$ every time i want to play this mode ? it seems that you do need to buy a ticket each time you want to play in mann up mode , however you do not need to pay to play mann vs . machine . what gives ? how does mann-up mode work ? playing on the valve servers in mann up mode is the same as playing on regular mann vs machine servers , with the addition of item drops and service record information tracking , in the form of a tour of duty badge . each successful win in mann up mode gives you a exclusive mann vs machine item drop . mann up mode keeps track of the games you have played , and you can earn progress to a ' rare item ' . then upon receiving that rare item , your card gets leveled up and you can repeat the process as a higher rank and continue to get more and more rare items . if i can play the update without playing in mann-up mode ( and without paying ) , what is the benefit to paying valve each time ? the $0.99 you spend gets you an item each time . i am going to say it gives you a hat or misc each time since the faq linked above states : all items unique to mann up mode are cosmetic so the $0.99 you spend each time gives you a hat/misc each time , as well as adding up to a ' rare-item ' though the progress of your tour of duty badge . however , you do not need to pay the $0.99 each time you play mann up mode , tour of duty tickets and squad surplus vouchers are only consumed upon successful completion of a mission . if you do not beat the mission for any reason , then your tickets and vouchers will not be consumed and can be used again later . so a disconnect or a loss does not consume the $0.99 . therefore you really do get a hat/misc for each ticket you buy . personal experience : i have played mann vs . machine on a regular , non-mann up mode , server . i did not receive any item drops upon successful completion of the game . ( aside , this game mode is very fun and i highly recommend it . although it can be glitchy , it seems as though valve has not fully tested it when they released it . ) it seems as though star has beaten me to sum up what mann up mode is . watch his vid at 2:35 to 3:15 and 4:24 to 5:28 for some first hand experience as to what mann-up mode is .
all npcs in the game follow a schedule , regardless of whether the player character is near their vicinity . so they are technically still ' going on about their lives ' , even if you leave them alone . however , some game locations will reset or respawn after some time ( depending on their schedule and ' flag' ) . this will reset all npcs that are based on that location . from the uesp article , " respawning " : most locations in the game are respawning . this happens , depending on the location , at scheduled times . when a game location respawns , its enemies and loot are reset . this allows revisiting previously visited locations , which will have their contents reset . in conclusion , i believe npcs will not despawn until something causes them to die , or the location they are based in resets or respawns .
ben 's answer is technically right , but not very detailed , and the post he links to is quite misleading . i am going to put the rest of this in spoilers , so only mouse over if you want to know what they are . the crystals are a food of sorts for a construct named blackroot . you do not have to wait til you get the tremor gauntlet to collect them , as they can be broken with redemption , after you talk to blackroot , who can be found in the western bend of the fjord .
loot is " first come first served": only one copy of each item exists for all players to share . this goes for both ammo , guns , shields , grenade mods , . . . everything . the only thing that is awarded " privately " for each player is quest rewards . not specializing in the same gun types could be beneficial , but i do not honestly think you had have too much issues if you used the same kind of guns . and yes - you can play the same class , if you so desire .
no , there really are not any ways to get camos quicker , the best and fastest way to get your guns gold is to only use the gun you are trying to get gold .
well it is pretty simple : you are faster ( watch the mouse movements of wildturtle for example ) the cool thing is : the faster you move your mouse , the better your overview of the game is . you can basically " scout " the whole map with a fast mouse and then just hit space again to focus back on your character in under a second ( you have to be able to realise what is going on in such a short amount of time though ) of course it is not just like " hey i am gonna increase my mouse speed and then i will reach diamond " . that is where the second point you are asking is important : the biggest disadvantage is you will play awful if you are not used to it . you will missclick all the time and you will move your cursor too far if you have a sensitivity that is too high . it is also something that you can not learn in a short amount of time . if you want to go up for 1000 dpi it can really take a while ( weeks maybe even months depending on how fast you get used to it ) . also for practicing with increased mouse speed i would not recommend mobas but shooters or games that require a high accuracy and speed ( osu is a great game for increasing mouse speed but usually shooters are more fun to play ) . of course you can also practice it in league or other mobas . i recommend going up only for about a maximum of 10% of your current speed at a time . mistakes will not happen that often ( they might still be game changing ) . and do not get frustrated if you make mistakes . it is completely normal and as already mentioned it is really hard to improve your mouse speed .
http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/meeko%27s_shack you can get this dog just by simply going to near his house . make sure you follow him when you first see him . afterwards , unlike the dogs you buy , you can tell him to head home and later pick him back up at the shack for free again . he does get annoying some times , since he will run blindly into traps and bark over and over and over and over during important events .
the weapon depicted on the door is the key to open it . for example , this door . . . . . . is opened by the thistle sword . you have to purchase ( or acquire ) that weapon , then activate the door ( the item does not have to be equipped , just in your inventory ) . you then receive the weapon inside .
once the 4th rax has finished , pull half your scvs and poke his ramp with your marines . pulling means you take them away from what they are currently doing . so , you pull half of your scvs away from your resources , but to do what ? this is pointed out in the next sentences : you can first place a bunker outside his ramp to give you micro space . once you are up the ramp , build another bunker and start targeting workers . make sure to keep producing from your barracks and making depots . basically , you send some scvs along behind your marines so that they can build bunkers and repair those bunkers , the other scvs you have pulled are useful for supply depots and taking damage . every time that a scv dies instead of a marine when you are pushing him , it is in your advance . why does this work ? as you are solely producing marines that cost 50 minerals and placing some buildings that cost 100 minerals , you are able to work with half the mineral income and still have constant production running . when terran pulls scvs , it is strongest against zerg ; however mega rax is also the hardest to hide from zerg . in contrast with other races , zerg is the only race that needs to decide whether he needs to spent his larvae on workers or on army units , as he is under pressure he will need to produce more army units at the cost of his workers . so , if you pull scvs which gets your economy down , your opponent his economy will also be down because of the pressure that you apply on his production . . .
if you play on veteran but your partner plays on regular , the game will give you credit for the lower difficulty . this applies to any situation where the difficulties chosen do not match . usually there is a warning to this effect , i believe over the picture of the specop you are starting .
economy wise , overlord at 9 is best . if you happen to create a tenth drone by mistake , go for the extractor trick as it helps you minimize economic loss . some people do the extractor trick just to keep their fingers busy . . .
ok so i cleared out about 90% of the castle with a lich and here are some numbers : i started with : hp = 135 mp = 167 i reached the cap on hp ( which i guess answers this question but i wanted to figure out some more ) : hp = 383 mp = 167 i used hp conversion ( popped up -191 max hp , +191 max mp ) : hp = 191 mp = 358 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -99 max hp , +99 max mp ) : hp = 100 mp = 457 ( found a +5 hp stat in a chest here ) i reached the cap on hp once again : hp = 386 ( 383 + 5/2 ? ) mp = 457 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -194 max hp , + 194 max mp ) : hp = 194 mp = 651 i used hp conversion again ( popped up max mp converted . need higher level ) so then i just got to the hp cap again and here is my final result : my stats read 386 max hp and 651 max mp so the max cap for both stats are determined by your overall stat in that , the biggest thing that stood out to me was the max hp + 5 stat increased my hp cap by 3 ( maybe 2.5 ? ) . i may try to see what max hp paladins and barbarians have with out upgrading and keeping track of stat upgrades i find . maybe i will take off hp giving equipment and subtract the bonuses my lich has on right now to see how he matches up , could do the same for archmages or something as well . but first this guy has to die , or maybe beat my last 2 + final bosses . edit : ponce too strong for the crowstorm lich : ( but back too numbers : did not purchase any hp+ or mp+ with my money , did not get any stats so just dis-equipped . hp w/o equip bonuses : lich hp cap = 311 barbarian max hp = 473 paladin max hp = 315 most i could say here is the cap is about the same as the paladin 's current max hp mp w/o equip bonuses : lich mp cap = 566 archmage max mp = 375 so the lich caps at about 1.5 times as much mp as the archmage currently has max .
in d and d systems spells are uses / day . they return when you rest only . you can change the spells you are going to use for the next day in your spellbook , but you will need to rest to be able to use them .
these sort of messages are typically received from civilizations that are hostile to your own . i believe the idea behind those is to let you know that civilization is hostile to you . to give you a hint about the areas in which you are lacking ( e . g . if they say you are uncivilized , it indicates your culture output is too low ) . i am pretty sure that among the two response options , one is just to slightly increase the hostility and one to slightly decrease it , basically giving you some influence about the future of the relations .
how can you get more coal ? you can burn wood to make charcoal ( do not confuse with coal ) , but you can also harvest coal from coal ore blocks . coal ore is a block common in almost all maps and elevation , you can easily found them by digging . " just dig " - sevensideddie you are running out of fuel ? if you are using it in powered minecarts , coal and charcoal are the only option , otherwise if it is for a furnace , coal is not the only source of fuel . coal is the 3rd most efficient fuel but you can use also almost any type of wood , blaze rods and lava buckets to fuel it , being the blaze rods and lava buckets the 2nd and 1st most efficient fuels . you are running out of trees ? when cutting trees clean also the foliage , it gives you saplings that you can use for reforest some areas or simply plant where the trees was . saplings grow on dirt or grass blocks , and can grow into a tree if provided by light and air above them . " i recommend planting trees " - ender charcoal is very slightly different from coal . it cannot be used for crafting the upcoming coal block , and does not stack with coal .
league of legends ' free-to-play model allows gamers , paying or not , to enjoy all of the core gaming experience . so every element that actually makes a difference in the gameplay can be acquired for free ( champions and runes ) . there are more than 60 champions in the game and they are locked for you when you create an account ; you buy a champion for a given price with in-game money ( ip - influence points ) earned by playing the game , or you spend riot points . runes give you a small boost in-game , and can only be bought with ip . riot points ( rp - acquired spending real money ) are used for : boosting summoner experience/ip gain per game ( summoner level cap is 30 ) buying champions skins ( cosmetics ) changing your summoner name ( more cosmetic , basically ) others ( bundles , extra rune pages , etc . ) in short , not spending money means you will take longer to unlock all features ( which are not required for having fun with the game ) , you will not have skins , and your summoner name is fixed .
this was a bug , but it has been fixed towards the end of 2012 . i believe the wiki was updated erroneously later to add the bug comment back in , but from checking just now it is been removed again . for clarification , you may wish to look at the history comparison of the entries for spiteful talisman and reaper 's touch . you are absolutely correct , though , a trait that only affects one offhand skill is quite useless , unless we are talking about an extremely powerful skill . even with it affecting two skills now , i would question its usefulness , but then , i suppose not all traits are created equal . ( and often you only realise the power of some traits when you figure out how to best combine them with others . )
you can free-fall ( with the " dying " animation ) for a few seconds before you are reset up on your high ledge . your best bet is moving down successive ledges until you get to your destination . it will take more time than just jumping down directly , but it is faster than trying and failing multiple times . some tips : i believe i was the one with the jumping tipeven if you are in the " dying " animation , tap a rapidly right before hitting the ground . you will jump once and not die . when falling near green wall vines , press  to catch them . you can stop your fall this way even if you are in the " dying " animation . float down slowly by holding down a whenever gomez does the " dying " animation . he will stop heaving in a few seconds and you can continue downwards . you will lose some downward progress by floating up , but if you do this a few times on your descent , you will find you can float all the way down . there is no secret reset spawn code , as you mentioned . if you reset your game , you will start the room near the door used to enter it . if you just can not make it down , you can just continue onthe last room node in the chain invariably has a nearby warp portal back to the warp zone . i can help more specifically if you mention the room you are in .
copied from another post : the full heavy armor progression is ( with very rough levels ) : iron ( lv 1 ) steel ( lv 6 ) dwarven ( lv 12 ) steel plate ( lv 18 ) orcish ( lv 25 ) ebony ( lv 32 ) dragonplate ( lv 40 ) daedric ( lv 48 ) the full light armor progression is ( with very rough levels ) : hide ( lv 1 ) leather ( lv 6 ) elven ( lv 12 ) scaled ( lv 27 ) glass ( lv 36 ) dragonscale ( lv 48 ) clothing does not progress , rather the enchantments get more powerful as your level increases . source : this answer by cloudancer
so there is no strategy that leads to ht + colossus , and really any protoss who runs that build is kind of shooting themselves in the foot . let me explain : the colossus is an excellent unit , it provides aoe ground damage while maintaining a significant range . unfortunately , these beasts are balanced by some severe drawbacks : long tech time and heavy gas investment . in addition to have to go gateway-> core-> robo-> bay , the colossus becomes most effective after it receives the thermal lance upgrade . this is an extremely long tech lead up . frequently players will go 3 gate pressure just to provide the time necessary to build up to colossus and reach critical number . the high templar is an excellent unit , it provides aoe ground damage while maintaining a significant range . unfortunately , these beasts are balanced by some severe draw backs : long tech time and heavy gas investment . in addition to have to go gateway-> core-> archives-> counsel , the high templar only really becomes effective after it receives the psionic storm upgrade . this is an extremely long tech lead up . frequently players will go 3 gate pressure into robo and only transition to high templar as a late game move because of the time necessary to build up to high templar and reach critical number . notice how similar those two paragraphs were ? that is probably because i copy and pasted most of it . the colossus and the high templar serve the same role . there is no real reason to go colossus + high templar . both are heavy gas sinks . instead , it is more frequent for protoss players to go colossus and then transition into high templar . the important part about this transition is that you have to transition as well . for a colossus you will want to utilize corruptors , roaches , or ultralisks to eat through the opposing army quickly and take down these money units . by comparison high templar are more vulnerable to mutalisk , roaches , or brood lords . units which can either survive the damage or snipe the high templar . the important point here is that if your opponent is transitioning you need to transition as well . its also important to note that there is no zerg unit which really counters the high templar . unlike the colossus which is vulnerable to a specialized unit like the corruptor , or relies on other units as a shield ( thus making it vulnerable to the ultralisk ) , there is no real weakness for the high templar . they are more balanced by the extremely high resource investment you need to get to them . usually if you get to the point where your opponent has high templar you have a tier 3 army of your own you can pressure him with . if you find yourself against early high templar then chances are your opponent made a large sacrifice to get them early and you missed a crucial opportunity . i would never say high templar are unbeatable , as protoss you really need to be on about 3 base before you can transition safely to ht . however they are extremely good against a number of core zerg units : zerglings , hydralisks , infestors , mutalisk . so be very careful when approaching them . they require a lot of finesse . the last thing i will mention is a quote from jeff " incontrol " robinson : high templar are kind of like that building in age of empires , you know the one where you have to build it and then hang on to it for 20 minute then you automatically win the game . . . wonders , that is the one .
i would use the stun gun ( for which you have low-ish ammo , sadly ) in occasions i can not approach an enemy safely without alarming them . a dart gun to the head works too -- the guy will fall after a few seconds , but will not raise the alarm himself . usually with sitting enemies , they are not looking aside , so you might be able to approach them quickly and take them down before they sound the alarm , but it might not work in every situation alternatively , from the looks of it , you might be able to jump-crouch on the bunk the guy is sitting on and take him down . as others suggested , you could also sneak by cloaked and , uh , have your way with him .
i found the fix . when i disable triple buffering it works fine . looks like a bug wither with windows 8 compatibility , or with the new video card drivers .
the upgrades you have done will carry over to your new forge in your new game+ , so you will be able to collect items and such to upgrade your weapons . you can even upgrade weapons you do not have yet in your ng+ playthrough ( i was able to upgrade the dueling pistols , for example , at the beginning of the game ) . so yes , you can complete the game and still have the ability to finish up that achievement in a ng+ .
as the other answer states , there are no real advantageous bonuses to having furniture , but it does make the game feel a little more realistic and as you stated adds some asthetics so your home . as far as the interactions go , the best way to think about it is how would your real life pet interact with something ? the t . v , he will stare at it the couch , he will sleep on it the fish , he will stare at it ( and probably consider consuming it ) as for your question , the larger things such as tables and cabinets , the cats may sleep on them , but thats about it . if you check the nintendogs + cats wiki you can see how your pets will interact with the furniture items . ( and the requirements to obtain them )
you can find upgrades on missions , but the citadel and the normandy are the only places that have shops in mass effect 3 .
as you can see by clicking on weapon links you can acquire them only in multiplayer . " acquisition : multiplayer : randomly rewarded by purchasing a multiplayer item pack after the mass effect 3: resurgence pack has been downloaded and installed . " from mass effect official site " first multiplayer expansion " " deadly weapons , new consumables , and powerful characters for each class in multiplayer "
the dolls/bone fetishes do an explosion , similar to the necromancers " corpse explosion " skill . it deals a huge amount of physical damage . if you are a ranged player it should be easy to snipe them from the distance . if you are a melee character , go for -% physical damage gear , like stormshield , rockstopper , vampire gaze or other to reduce the damage . also try to aim for high health ( obviously ) . afaik assassins can also block the explosion when they have a high " weapon block " skill . still not something i would try though ( at least not in hardcore mode : ) )
the weapons that currently do damage over time are in these two lists : fire weapons bleed weapons which correspond to the two things that can do dot currently , afterburn and bleed . the gloves of running urgently used to do self-damage as long as they were equipped . that is been replaced with minicrits on yourself , but it is possible that a new item may have that effect .
the mass effect inventory is shared - what is shepard 's is everyone else 's too . that said , the only thing that does not count against the limit are those items which you have equipped . it might be time to goop some avenger 's down to omnigel , or make bank offloading your ill-gotten guns to the nearest shop owner . clear out some guns , armor , and mods , and you will have plenty of space again in no time .
a simple pulse lengthener will work here . it works like this : the first block gets powered from the pressure plate ( or you can power it in some other way ) , the redstone line immediately takes power from there , so all the pistons go up instantly . after some time the repeater draws power from the block and powers the next block , and so on . . . when you step off the pressure plate , the first block no longer powers the redstone line , but all the next blocks still do ; the first repeater turns off after some time and the 2nd block is not powered anymore . . . but the line is powered until the last block loses power . if the signal is shorter than 4 ticks , this scheme will not work well , but buttons always give a 5-tick pulse and pressure plates ' signal lasts at least 5 ticks . and by the way , i used iron blocks , but these can be any non-transparent blocks , old answer or , for a different behavior , use an rs nor latch as in this screenshot . this scheme will keep the pistons up for at least the time it takes the current to go through the repeaters , or for more time if the player keeps standing on the pressure plate .
when you are looking at a player 's profile , there is a section called " gameplay stats " . at the bottom of this section you will see a link to " view all n games " . after that , just click on " all games " to see all the games they have acquired .
you will need to use these abilities ; rapid getaway speed freak flicker you are better off using melee consumers ( as you start with 5/5 melee resources , in contrast to another resources for pistols , for example ) to trigger rapid getaway , preferably one that is instant cast so you can spam sprint immediately after . start towards the starting line and trigger rapid getaway as you pass the start line trigger speed freak and then get sprint up as soon as possible keep running toward the finish line with just sprint use flicker at the last second to get you over the finish line . without using flicker at the last second you will not make it , recasting anything during the run will take you out of sprint , and will slow you down .
there are actually two sets of settings that can be configured in the cyborg profile editor , the ' sensitivity settings ' and ' programming ' . sensitivity settings allows you to switch dpi settings on the fly , and is operated by the rocker switch just below the middle mouse button while the current setting is shown on the mouse with the array of four lights to the left of mouse button 1 ( left click ) ; as you can see from the above screenshot , the sensitivity settings allows configuration of both the main mouse sensitivity and the sensitivity when the ' precision aiming ' button is held . button programming allows you to rebind every mouse button to a particular series of keystrokes , or other commands . the current set of binds selected is shown with the multicoloured ' mode ' button , directly to the left of mouse button 1 . depending on the currently selected mode , this button will be ; mode 1: red mode 2: blue mode 3: purple the programming settings screen looks like this : if for example , i wanted to make the second scroll wheel ( thumb wheel ) zoom in or out in a game like , for example , world of warcraft , i would simply rebind what this scroll wheel does . in world of warcraft i use home to zoom in and end to zoom out , so i would rebind the thumb wheel settings as follows ; what i did here , was click in the area from the previous screenshot that linked to the thumbwheel ( "thumb anticlockwise " , " thumb clockwise" ) and then entered the keystrokes that i wanted using that scroll wheel to perform . this means literally just clicking " thumb anticlockwise " and pressing the home key , and then clicking the green tick and giving the action a name - in this case " zoom in " . finally i need to save these changes , by clicking on ' save as ' . in this case i called my profile " wow " . you can test that the keystrokes you have bound work , by clicking on the test button . if you have made changes to a mode which is not currently active ( ie : you are editing mode 2 - blue - and the mouse has mode 1 - red selected , you will need to change the mode on the mouse by pressing the mode button before the correct profile is selected ) ; if you are happy with your changes , click the ' activate profile ' button to activate the changes . one final step that you need to take to ensure that your new settings are applied at system startup , is to select your profile and mark it as the " startup profile " . to do this , find the system tray icon for your cyborg rat control panel , right click on it , and then right click on the profile you have just saved and mark it as the startup profile ; if you do not do this final step - any setting changes you have made will not be re-applied when you reboot your computer . all said , i agree the cyborg profile software is a bit poor , confusing , and generally unintuitive , but once you know how quirky it can be you can get the results that you want out of it .
you have a morgue and from the picture i cannot see any problem with it , so it must be a bug causing the cook to be left in the infirmary . one way to fix the problem is to edit the save game file but remember to take a copy first in case editing it causes it not to load properly . search for the text " type cook " to locate each cook in the file . for some objects the information is all on one line , other times it gets split into multiple lines , so use a regex like Type[ ]+Cook[ ]* . the reason to match spaces after the word " cook " is that otherwise you will also find all the Cookers in your prison kitchens . check for a line with Damage followed by a number , i think 1 represents full damage and any value between 0 and 1 is the level of injury . e . g in my prison i have an injured dog handler changing the value to zero , or removing the line should bring the cook back to life ! if you have any problems add the section of the save game file to your question and i will see if i can help . original answer , before the question was updated showing the morgue : if you do not want to create a whole new room for the morgue you can allocate space in your infirmary for a couple of slabs . change the room type of the top part of your infirmary to morgue ( red rectangle in my picture ) and then add one or two slabs ( white rectangles ) . the chef will be moved to one of them and eventually a hearse will arrive to take him away . do not worry about the doors being blocked , people will still be able to go through them . if you start to get a lot of bodies piling up then you can build a separate , bigger , morgue .
its simply for entertainment . the game watches for the last kill before the objective was completed ( not sure how much earlier it can be ) and displays it as the final kill . if there were no last kills , theres no final kill cam
definitely sounds like a bug , but getting them to move in together isnt that hard through convo , just have to cycle through friendly options until the conversation reaches a ' friendly ' level
since toughness is added to armour at a rate of 100% ( that is , 1 toughness = 1 armour ) - this question is actually " does armour work while in a downed state " . the answer to this is yes - armour will mitigate its usual percentage of incoming damage while you are in a downed state . it is worth noting that armour does not mitigate condition damage , only direct damage , so if you are poisoned or bleeding it will not help you much but if you have a risen hitting on you it will .
yes there is - you can split a stack of items by holding down the control key and clicking on the stack . this will pop up a little window that allows you to select how many you want to split off into a new stack .
in brogue , it appears that searching is not limited to just adjacent squares , but rather it affects a fair distance around you - perhaps even the entire room as your eyes can see . as such , discovering hidden doors and traps is a lot easier . you can search a few ( 4-6 ) times in the center of a room or corridor and you should be able to find anything without error . secret doors are pretty easy to know where to look for , especially due to the advantages of a long range search . there is two key things to take in mind . first , the path between the stairs is always possible without crossing chasms , lava , or deep water . if it ever appears that your only way to progress needs a potion of levitation or other method of crossing , look instead for ways that may have secret doors . there is guaranteed to be one somewhere . second , brogue uses up as much of each floor 's allotted space as possible for rooms and corridors . not unlike how one seeks things out in other rogue-likes , always keep an eye out for dead space in your map - it is very frequently going to contain a secret room . traps are a bit more difficult . note that traps are far more infrequent in the early levels of the dungeons of doom , while they increase in frequency drastically as you approach the bottom levels . traps will not spawn on the likes of water and mud , but they can spawn on grass . keep this in mind , especially when you reach the levels that incendiary traps are generated , as a flaming lawn can easily spell your demise . if you are lucky , a very helpful trinket is the ring of awareness . this performs automatic searching in the area around you every turn . again , as search affects an area around you , this is incredibly potent ( as long as you do not have more combat-necessary rings to use ) . while higher enchantment levels improve the search accuracy of the ring , it would be wise to keep your scrolls of enchantment for other items . overall , the search intensity of brogue is far less than that of other roguelikes . the expanded range of search greatly helps , but also the number of secret doors is not nearly as large as in other roguelikes .
daniel cross was suffering from the bleeding effect when he confronted desmond miles . this was why he was holding his head and speaking in russian . bleeding effect is a disorder wherein the genetic memories of one 's ancestor begins to blend in with the person 's own memories .
become a turtle A turtle ! A turtle ! Do you want to become a turtle ?  yes ! the moat is actually crossable with a moving platform , but this platform moves too slowly for you . by becoming a turtle , you will move at the right speed to cross the moat . drink it just before you are about to fall in , and your slower speed will match that of the platform .
not at the moment . the mod tools are still somehwat limited since the source code for many of the libraries has not yet been released , so i do not think it is possible to create all the underlying systems of espionage points , missions , etc . i would not be surprised to see it in the future though .
to answer your questions , in order : treats are common and cheap , so use them up without worry . gems , on the other hand ( these teach spells to familiars ) are much more rare . be wary of how you use these . you can not undo treats , but do not worry about it . you will be able to tame another version of the critter if you do not like how you allocated points . do not worry about keeping your starter familiars either , you will find consistent upgrades along the way . as i mentioned above , gems are what teach abilities , not treats . it will be clear to you .
there are literally dozens of terran builds and possibly hundreds of cheeses . as a result i am going to try and lay out a couple of the broad strokes , but unlike protoss or zerg these are not going to be succinct build orders . the three major builds in terran play are : bio mech 1:1:1 obviously there is a lot of variation and overlap between these builds but i am going to try and lay out the broad strokes here . terran bio revolves around building a marine/marauder/medivac force for a nice timing push . this is sometimes called the mmm build . openings usually consist of 3 barracks ( sometimes called rax ) , 2 with techlabs and 1 with a reactor . a terran economy can readily support 3 barracks . the timing push here usually comes at about 40 food with a heavy marauder/marine force with stim . the build continues to evolve into the late game by adding on a factory and starport for medivac support . medivacs are key to stim based play , as any force that stims is necessarily at reduced hp for the remainder of the game . additionally , medivac 's provide for drops which increases the mobility of your army . you can also transition into bio mech , or add ghosts on for tvp . terran mech grew out of early hellion harass . this usually involved building one barracks before going to 2 factory and pumping out hellions for early harass and then transitioning into a more stable thor/siege tank force . this is especially effective vs zerg players going muta/ling as upgraded hellions are powerful vs zerglings and thors do splash damage to mutalisk . additionally , heavy siege tank forces are effective vs hydra/roach armies . top zerg players ( such as artosis and idra ) have said that terran mech is so powerful it is " broken " ( a term to mean unbalanced ) against zerg . a key point to remember is that the initial barracks can be used for scouting or to produce marines ( which help an early mech army ) . the 1:1:1 was first popularized by the player the little one ( tlo ) and has become the standard in tvt play . the name derives from having one of each unit producing structure : 1 barracks , 1 factory , 1 starport . the synergy that units from these buildings provide have cause this build to become increasingly popular outside of tvt play . the basic idea here is to build a marine , tank , viking force , using the vikings to give line of sight to the siege tanks ( which can fire further than they can see ) and using marines to fight off air harass . one of the important points of this strategy is to use vikings to establish air dominance . in a losing battle , the vikings can always land and wait for marine support ( as vikings are an air to air unit ) . the power from this build comes in its flexibility . usually 1 techlab and 2 reactors , these addons can quickly be switched , allowing the deployment of banshees ( once air superiority has been obtained ) and hellions , or swapping to marauders to break a siege tank grouping . unless there are serious balance changes in the future a number of sc2 commentators ( huk , day9 ) have suggested that this will become the standard terran play . i will briefly mention a couple of the standard terran cheese strategies . 6 rax into reaper harass is a popular tvp strategy , as early reapers built from a proxy rax ( a barracks built close to the opponent ) will arrive before the protoss has stalkers and thus are unbeatable with good micro . banshee rush , especially against zerg opponents has also been popular as zerg does not have a staple unit before tier 2 that can attack air . thor drops ( often a part of mech builds , or biomech ) are very effective . while rushing thor drops can be considered a cheese , use of them as part of a normal build is present at even the competitive level . standard terran opening is : 9 supply 12 barracks 13 refinery ( optional ) 15 orbital command how to read these : the number indicates the number of supply you should have when you build your first structure . this number is usually scvs but may include other units .
i recommend a complete refresh of your installation , because steam should not crash if you lose connection : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=3134-tial-4638 completely exit the steam client . open the run dialogue by pressing windows key + r ( you can also navigate here from the start menu by typing run ) . type steam://flushconfig then press enter . ( if asked to allow this website to open a program , please click allow or ok ) . restart your computer . now , launch steam directly from the installation folder , not from a pre-existing shortcut ( ~c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam ) . the steam application will either appear as steam or steam . exe depending on whether your settings show file extensions . if this does not help , there is more wrong than just your wifi adapter . i have wireless too and if mine is disconnecting for whatever reason , steam just stops downloading . as a further workaround , you can use this batch script : put it on your desktop in a textfile and save it as " check_steam . cmd " and run it before you leave your computer . make sure you have fileendings on , so you really remove the . txt ending and save it as . cmd . the icon should change to a window with some cogs . it simply checks if steam is running and if not , it relaunches it . you can cancel the script at any time by pressing ctrl-c in the black window that it opens and answering the question with y . for further problems with your computer that do not involve any gaming related software , i recommend asking on superuser , which is a site of stack exchange .
the expansion pack is windows only . it does not show up on a mac where i was trying to use it . in windows , it shows up under downloadable content menu in the game .
the main story line assuming that you complete the main story quests and enough side quests to be sufficiently levelled to complete the main story quests will take about 40 hours of continual play approximately . every quest in the main story line can be completed solo , although like all mmorpgs there is a benefit to playing in a party . pvp is very much influenced by character progression , as having greater progression in the game will result in having more abilities available , thus doing more damage or healing . pvp is possible at low levels but having more ability points and better gear will yield better results in the battlegrounds . there are " dungeons"/instances in game throughout the story which require group play and there is a random dungeon finder available in game to find groups : again , these instances are not required for the main story , although they are all tied into the main story . in contrast , there are also instances in the game throughout the story which are enforced single player as well , in which you enter alone to complete a task . again these instances are not required for the main story . there is not much of a requirement to ever join a guild , with the content currently available in game . obviously being an mmorpg the game is improved by playing with friends but even for the solo play the quest progression and story line are definitely a lot of fun .
like in diablo 2: magic find increases the odds for found items ( from monsters or objects ) to be " higher quality " . higher quality items are more likely to be magical , rare , set , or legendary , with different odds for each type of item depending on the monster level dropping the item and the player 's magic find percentage . source
once you have the dlc installed , in your phone , on the " quests " menu , will be two new quests . if you select either of these quests , you will be given the first waypoint for the dlc mission you picked .
according to this website : step 1: log on to psn ( on your computer ) for the respective region you wish to find the sku for ( in the us , for example , it is us.playstation.com ) . step 2: after that search for the game you want using the search bar on left side of the screen at the bottom of the buttons . after you have found the page of the game you are looking for , hit control + u to bring up source code of the page . step 3: near the bottom of the source code , you should see something like this : the second-last line of the source code is the sku or game id of the game you were looking for ( so for instance this would be npub30303 ) .
the largest maps i have ever downloaded have only just about topped 100mb . unless you generate an obscene number of chunks , 200mb is going to be fine .
there is only one trophy for each character for classic mode , regardless of what difficulty you play . in addition , these are the trophies that are earned for completing classic mode in certain ways : beating classic mode on very hard gives the player the striker mario trophy . beating classic mode on intense gives the player a trophy of crazy hand . beating classic mode with 20 different characters gives the player a trophy of master hand . beating classic mode with all characters gives the player the paper mario trophy . beating classic mode with all characters ( including sheik , zero suit samus , squirtle , ivysaur , and charizard ) gives the player the creeping chrysanthemum trophy . however , this last point brings up a follow-up question : were using using zelda/sheik , samus/zss , or pokmon trainer ? the trophy you get upon completing classic mode with them is dependent on which form of the character you dealt the final blow with . for example , if you beat it on easy using charizard at the end , and then complete it on normal using squirtle at the end , you get the charizard trophy the first time and the squirtle trophy the second time ( and a pokmon trainer trophy both times ) . sources : http://www.ssbwiki.com/trophy , http://www.ssbwiki.com/classic_mode
yes , the vendors change their inventory each day , as well as the prices on individual items . this is mostly from personal experience , but due to the time since i last played gen4 , backed up by the bulbapedia entry on the underground . the top of the article also has a handy map that shows where the different types of vendors hang out ; in the map of the underground at the top of the page , the yellow dots are the trap vendors , the red dots are the treasure vendors , and the blue dots are the goods vendors .
there is no limit of how many times you can promote ( whether its the same class over and over or different classes ) . you will gain 75 points of war assets each time and a boost to your n7 ranking . the only draw back of doing so is you will ( very slowly ) lock yourself out of seeing any ending other than the best ending if you get some ridiculous amounts of war assets .
try the following settings in console : cl_cmdrate 60 cl_updaterate 60 rate 25000 net_graph 3 then look at the graph that pops up . what is your fps around , and are you getting any choke or loss issues ?
open Control Panel , and there the Programs and Features find AMD Catalyst Install Manager . click on " change " . choose Uninstall Manager from the list . uncheck AMD Catalyst Control Center , and finish the uninstall process . you probably will not have to restart the computer , but do it , if required . here you can find a how-to describing a complete uninstall , which you might as well choose .
there are several ways to access the developer console , however most of these are no longer valid as of enemy within . one way you can still use the console , however , is through the keybind method . find the defaultinput file in the enemy within folder and add bindings under the [Engine.PlayerInput] heading . if there is not an [Engine.PlayerInput] heading , then make one . command bindings are written in the following manner : . binding ( name="&lt ; key > " , command="&lt ; command 1 > | &lt ; command2 > | &lt ; etc . > " ) it is suggested to that you add ALT so that you do not accidentally use the console when you do not want to . to do this , just add ALT=True to the binding . then , you can use your pre-specified console commands with their corresponding keybindings .
the secret characters are : frank cuccinello ( i think . . . ) please hire frank so he gets off the couch and his wife does not go nuts . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 90 coins starting stats : 2 / 3 / 2 / 3 special ability : +15% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event a beery good wedding , giving many units of any beer of a medium-low quality . i had to give 362 units of any 1273 quality or better beer . eljay an actual lumberjack who is had trouble finding work , he is taken a liking to your beer and he is ready to put his work ethic toward helping you make it . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 80 coins starting stats : 2 / 4 / 4 / 4 special ability : +10% yield to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event lumber jacked , giving a single unit of any quality of either red keep ira or red kastle ira . prof . zymurgis after successfully defending his doctoral thesis , " modern saccharomyces : environments , effects , and deliciousness " , this prof . took a biology professorship at state . he recently decided brewing with you might be more fun . hiring fee : 3000 coins starting salary : 225 coins starting stats : 7 / 1 / 4 / 1 special ability : 50% chance for +100% xp . how to acquire : complete the event knowledge for thirst , giving many units of any brown ale of a high quality . i had to give 497 units of any 2102 quality or better brown ale . end game spoilers gary blau the insufferably arrogant blau seems to be more tolerable now that you have saved him from death . and as much as you hate to admit it , he is a fantastic brewer . . . hiring fee : free starting salary : none ( volunteer ) starting stats : 6 / 10 / 4 / 10 special ability : +50% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event blau for blau , giving your unit of fiz to gary . there is one other secret character , but this is a super-end-game ( as in end-game of ng+ ) spoiler . he will not appear as locked in the hiring menu . super end game spoilers cyrus uprum the brewing legend was so impressed with your beer in the last career that he decided he had rather work for you than retire . replaces your character . starts at level max . cannot be fired . hiring fee : n/a starting salary : none starting stats : 10 / 10 / 10 / 10 special ability : +25% quality and no quality cap to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event all grown uprum with an extremely high quality beer . he says the quality should be near the boiling point of his namesake , cyrus uprum . we can deduce that he means the boiling point of cu ( copper ) , which is around 4660 f . this will trigger a cutscene , and the next ng+ you start will replace your character with cyrus .
i believe the " cursed tombs " are one of the maps you can buy from the map seller in the mapworks ( once you have beaten the game ) . here 's a screenshot : that said , you can definitely find borris the stout randomly in other locations . here 's another screenshot showing him in one of the act 1 levels ( the level in case you can not make it out is watchweald temple - floor 2 ) :
access t-bone junction from the fast travel points . it shows for all characters after the installthere is no need to play through the game again to make it appear . ( i installed the dlc after i finished the original game . ) if you are having trouble , install all latest patches , reinstall the dlc , and reset your cache and try it all again ( in this order ) .
no , explosions do have random elements , and are therefore not deterministic . the minecraft wiki has an in-depth analysis of how explosions work in minecraft . the relevant bit : an explosion can destroy nearby blocks . its effect is evaluated independently on many explosion rays originating from the explosion center [ &hellip ; ] . each ray has an initial blast force randomized in [ 0.7  power , 1.3  power ] . so an explosion consists of lots and lots of separate " blast rays " that have a random variance of up to 30% , and are therefore non-deterministic . the article even answers your question outright : [ &hellip ; ] but how many blocks an explosion can destroy is non-deterministic and also dependent on the specific location of the explosion .
nephalem valor only functions for level 60s . you also must have been involved in the fight against the champion or elite to receive the buff , but you do not have to be present at the actual time of the kill .
please be aware that on any reasonable gige interface , the throughput difference between standard and jumbo frames is less than 10% , probably less than 5% . between any two gige-equipped macbooks , i can get ~945mbps of tcp throughput on standard sized frames . jumbo frames may push that to 980 or 990 , but that is not a huge improvement . if your transfer times are slow , the lack of jumbo frames is probably not your problem .
i went to lago zancudo , there is a gas station where i fortunately found a tanker ( what trucks use to carry gas ) . i parked the security van next to it and i shot the tanker from a distance . four shots later it blew up and open the backdoor , dropping a brief case with $7,000 ! ! ! !
start with a bigger world ? if all you want is room to spread out . in civ 5 there are actually reasons not to want to spread out so much , if you want to go for culture instead . 4 cities with decent resources is plenty to get you to the modern age , with the added advantage that you will have 4-5 more social advancements than your rivals . just do not alienate everyone , so that you are able to trade for aluminum and uranium . remember that on difficulty higher than 4 , the ais cheat . they will have more settlers , workers , and military much faster than you do . you can not beat them in the early game just by outbuilding them , you need to out-think them as well . this is where diplomacy can come into play ; if you can trick the ais into starting a war with one another , it does hurt their economy ( not as much as it would hurt yours , but a little ) .
nature 's prophet 's ultimate begins bouncing with the nearest visible non-allied unit ( it also hits neutrals ) to where you targeted . it then bounces to the closest such unit and repeats until there are either no more un-hit units or no more bounces . obviously , the later bounces deal extra damage and so you want to manipulate the ultimate so that whatever hero you are trying to gank or lane you are trying to push takes as late of a bounce as possible . this is actually hard to intuitively do : when a teamfight starts that you are in the middle of you are almost always better off casting the ultimate far away from you using the minimap .
there is a fishing hole directly in town . however , as loren pechtel mentions , you will most likely only get small fish there . since the dungeons themselves are randomized , you will have to take notes for yourself on which levels you found a fishing hole or merchant , i do not know for sure whether they will remain there throughout the entire game though .
according to this thread at xbox360achievements . org , kills in the opening sequence do count towards the achievement . since my original link died , the ign strategize on deus ex : human revolution also states that kills during the opening ( pre-augmentation ) sequence do count against the pacifist achievement .
there is no direct way to play a single player game to practice a build order . you may , however , want to look at the arquade games such as build order tester , etc . in this way you can practice your initial build order without an ai opponent and should get some lag from the game not being completely local . while you may not experience all the same lag , it is the best result you will get . otherwise , just practice on the ladder . the best way you will learn is not in a controlled environment .
first ' room ' . which consists of two connected ' rooms ' . after you start walk down the ramp , turn right , and see the dividing part between the two rooms . the dividing part between them contains the tollbooth . you would think it is hard to miss , but i also moved past it the first time without seeing it . when you see it you will see it , it is rather obvious it even has a bar that is down so cars cannot pass without paying . to finish the challenge you do need to pay five credits . what you are looking for is in fact a normal tollbooth . it is what it says on the tin . this wikipage , has a picture .
from personal experience , the difficulty scales in a small way based on the number of players , but it is nothing compared to the benefit from having additional players . co-optimus ' faq for this game backs me up : do enemies scale based on the number of players ? there seems to be some limited scaling in the campaign . spartan-ops also appears to scale slightly based on the number of players . you will want to change the difficulty though for maximum effect . it is hard to quantify exactly how the difficulty scales , but the developers of halo : reach implemented this system : in reach , jarrard said , enemies will toughen if they face more players , exhibiting not just more damage resistance but getting smarter , more creatively using cover and generally being trickier foes . halo 4 re-uses parts of the reach engine so it is likely that this information still applies . i did not notice an extreme difference in damage resistance going from solo to co-op . it is also relatively hard to gauge the " intelligence " of the ai . they seemed to use cover , flanking , and dodge/teleport just fine in single player , especially on legendary . on the other hand , the benefits of co-op are many , and easy to determine . having multiple weapons , and giving the enemies multiple targets , for instance . another prime example of how much easier it is - as long as you do not turn the " iron " skull on , and as long as one player remains alive , others will respawn on them ( or nearby ) if they die . in single player , ( or in co-op with iron on ) you had have to go back to the last checkpoint and start again . this can make even difficult engagements fairly easy , as long as you play conservatively . ( i believe this is also why there is a separate achievement for solo'ing the campaign on legendary )
the goal of early game champions is to get enough snowball going early game so that either the game does not last til late game or they are so fed by late game winning is easy . the goal of late game champions is to hold out , farm up , and not get snowballed until late game when they can then dominate . having a mix of early/late game may be useful , but it all really depends on how the laning phase goes . if the early game champs fail to make an impact early game then their usefulness is diminished . if a late game champion fails to farm well during the early/mid game they are not going to be stronger than the early game champion late game anyway . ex : tristana 0/5/0 250 cs vs a 5/0/5 draven with 250 cs the draven will most likely win , even if its 50 mins into the game . in summary ( and disclaimer this may be somewhat personal opinion ) , late game/early game should not influence champ select . you should try to get a team comp that synergizes well . once you have that , analyze whether you are late game or early game and play accordingly ( see above ) .
starting a new campaign does not erase achievements , unlocked portraits , or decals . all it does is start the missions over , from the beginning , so you can , for instance , take the alternate routes on the 3 " choice " missions ( and see the after-mission movies , which you are not privy to when simply replaying the mission via the archive ) . it may also be the only way to lower your elapsed time for the " hurry up it is raid night " achievement . ( on account of being able to skip some missions )
i am not exactly sure what you are counting as rewarding ( only tangible objects ? achievements ? gold ? ) , so i will try to cover everything . pretty much the best use for excess candy corn is to give it to the kids dressed up in costumes in lion 's arch . you can give increments of 10 ( 1 bag ) , 20 ( 3 bags ) , and 50 candy corn ( 8 bags ) in order to receive personalized trick or treat bags . personalized trick-or-treat bags have a higher chance to drop the rare salvage items that you need ( plastic fangs / nougat centers / chattering skulls ) . you need these in order to create the recipes for the gifts ( gift of spiders / gift of souls / gift of the moon ) that are required for the 3 craftable halloween weapons , arachnophobia , the crossing , and the mad moon . note that only the recipe to make the gifts requires candy corn , not the actual recipes for the gifts themselves . for example , you need 250 cc+100 nougat centers+40 bottles of elonian wine +10 piles of crystalline dust to create the artificer recipe for the gift of souls . however , the gift of souls itself is made up of non-halloween items ( gift of knowledge +250 orichalcum ingots +20 globs of ecto +100 crystal lodestones ) , which means that after you acquire the recipe , that is all you have to worry about in regards to time-sensitive halloween resources . i forgot that you do need to have 20 superior sigils of the night for crafting any single one of these weapons ( just not the gifts ) , so you would also have to have a store of 2,000 cc in order to craft one of these weapons after halloween . however , like many exotics , the requirements for these weapons are a bit steep in regards to both gold cost and/or time needed to spend farming for items , so you may wish to forego them and simply flip the rare items on the trading post . eating 150 pieces will also go towards netting you the october monthly achievement , which will net you 20 mystic coins and 10 jugs of liquid karma ( you will still have to fulfill the other requirements for the monthly ) . in addition , these bags will also count towards the number of trick-or-treat bags opened for the special event achievement " trick or treat bags opened " . and of course , you can also hang onto it and hope that after the event ends , the demand for candy corn ( and other halloween-related rewards ) will rise after the source of the supply has disappeared and try to flip it on the trading post for gold . the other rare skins available in this event only drop from black lion chests / mad king chests , so your candy corn will not increase your chance to get those . note that the prices for the gifts fluctuate . keep an eye out for the 10g mark , which is cheaper than the materials cost of the non-fluctuating vendor items ( 40x bottles of elonian wine ) required to craft the gifts , so it may be more worth your while to outright buy them if you want to eventually craft them .
the definite answer is no . shields can only be acquired in specific ways . according to the clash of clans wiki of shields , these are the ways you can get shields : beginning the game . when you first begin playing clash of clans , you are given a 3-day shield . once the shield expires , you will have to manually purchase shields . be a victim of a successful raid . if your village is attacked by another user , you will gain one of 2 shields : if your village is raided with 40%-49% destruction percent , you will receive a 12-hour shield if your village is raided with a 90% or more destruction percent , you will receive a 16-hour shield purchase shields through the store . shields can be purchased through the store with gems . a 1-day shield costs 100 gems , and takes 5 days to cool down . a 2-day shield costs 150 gems , and takes 10 days to cool down . a week-long shield costs 250 gems , and takes 35 days to cool down . so , the most probable answer is that your village was unsuccessfully raided but with a 40-49% destruction percent . and in conclusion , shields cannot be activated automatically unless an event such as the ones mentioned above take place .
no , there is not . you may get a mission to fight the enemy in a contested sector , and some sectors may occasionally change hands , but there is no real story to be experienced or goal to be reached .
no , staves can be neither enchanted nor disenchanted . if you are on pc , you can use the creation kit to either create a new staff or customize an existing one ( unique staves are good candidates , as modifying them will not change the ones npcs will use against you ) . with dragonborn , you can craft staves , but they are the same staves you could find or buy elsewhere - you cannot create custom staves . at the moment , no mods appear to have been developed that add this functionality .
you had to pick-pocket warren 's pocket when he stands over by the window to get his pen to access his computer , then read his emails to get the password to the conference room computer . he stands over there a lot , but i missed it too , so do not feel bad . if you are already at the end , and he is already left for the last time though , then i am afraid that there is nothing that you can do short of just starting a new game on the main menu .
the adventure pouch can hold a maximum of eight items . you start out with four slots and acquire four more during gameplay and that is it . you can not get more . you will have to choose what you want or need the most to carry around with you at a particular time and juggle with your belongings at the item check . where to get the four extra slots : three of them can be bought at beedle 's air shop for 300 , 600 and 1200 rupees respectively . the other one is found in a goddess chest on the side of the lumpy pumpkin after activating the first goddess cube that gorko the goron points out .
sniping can be difficult at lower levels , especially if you have not progressed far enough to have come across decent rifles . additionally , if you have not chosen a class with the sniper rifle talent ( soldier or infiltrator ) , i would probably just choose a different offensive strategy . keep in mind that even if you can not snipe , garrus can if you equip him appropriately , and he gets an additional accuracy and sniper rifle damage bonuses from points invested in turian agent . of course , relying on your squad members exclusively will almost always get you into trouble , so assuming you can properly wield a sniper rifle , there are a few things you should consider . first , rifle choice is key . like with virtually all weapon classes your best choice is spectre gear , but there are alternatives when that is not available . if you find yourself picking up level iv weapons , i recommend trying to find a striker ( devlon industries ) . if you find yourself picking up level vii weapons , look for a punisher ( armax arsenal ) . if you are at an earlier stage , look for an equalizer ( haliat armory ) . once you have a decent rifle , investing points into the sniper rifle talent goes a long way . after you get to a certain level , with the right rifle there will be virtually no sway when aiming down the scope . for earlier on though , tactical use of assassination can be helpful &ndash ; just keep in mind that it has a 45 second cooldown . after weapon choice and talent assignment , you should consider adding both ammo and weapon upgrades to your sniper rifle . most of the sniper rifles at minimum do nearly enough damage to kill , so be sure to pick ammo upgrades that will maximize damage against the types of targets you are going up against . for instance , anti-personnel/shredder ( for organics ) and armor-piercing/tungsten ( for synthetics ) are typically reasonable options , although once accuracy has improved enough i prefer sledgehammer rounds . you can also give chemical/polonium rounds a shot , with the hope that the target will die from toxic damage before they are close enough to return fire . when it comes to weapon upgrades , i find the heat absorption and stability modifications work well for me . these come in the form of heat sink/frictionless materials and recoil damper/kinetic stabilizer/kinetic coil , respectively . depending on your needs and number of upgrade slots , combat optics are not a bad choice either when they become available , since you get the detection level bonus and an increase in accuracy . beyond that , there are a few more minor things to consider : kneeling improves stability the scope will settle if you wait long enough damage taken is always the same no matter where you hit on a target
it is possible . if you use srcds to set up a dedicated server and note the lan ip of the computer hosting it , you can enable the developer console in-game ( under keyboard settings then advanced ) press the ~ key ( on foreign keyboards , it is usually whichever key is next to the 1 key ) to open it and enter the command connect &lt;LAN IP of server&gt; into it . you will then be dropped into the game . make sure to edit the key of the server so that random people do not start joining . consider setting it to lan-only . if you are using a non-qwerty keyboard , sometimes binding the developer console may not work . if so , you can edit the launch options and add --console . then , whenever you launch the game , you will have console open .
what you need to do is have point a higher than point d , and then have the water go down a level before changing level . so from the side it will look like this : 8 7 6 5 4 S B B B B B 8 7 6 8 = Water source B = Block S = Sign  this way the water cannot flow backwards and you do not have to move the slimed upwards .
distance , plane weight , and plane speed are the 3 variables used to determine a plane 's flight expense . ( the higher these values , the higher the total cost . ) you can spend " bux " to upgrade an individual plane to lower its weight 3 times , by 5% , 10% , and 15% . these upgrades names ( in game ) are slightly misleading : they represent your total weight reduction , so each upgrade is only giving 5% for a total of 15% weight reduction , and 15% reduction in cost . see " napkin math " below for details . . . please note that increasing a plane 's speed via upgrades will increase flight costs , but lower flight durations . also note that adding/removing passengers and cargo currently has no impact on a plane 's weight . ( as of v1.0.3 anyway ) napkin math : i tried out a few speed and weight upgrades . . . each time i lowered my plane weight by 5% , it consistently lowered the route cost ( from original cost ) by another 5% . increasing the speed by 5% increased the route cost by 5% . when i combined the two , the results showed the effects multiplied . thus , the game appears to follow a simple formula for cost : weight ( w ) * speed ( s ) * distance ( d ) * someconstant ( sc ) = cost ( c ) so , if we reduce weight by 15% and increase speed by 5% . . . ( 0.85*w ) * ( 1.05*s ) * d * sc = 0.85*1.05 * c = approx . 89.25% change in cost .
currently , the achievements called " wings of liberty : hard " and " wings of liberty : brutal " simply count the number of missions you have completed at each difficulty and give you an achievement for every 5 missions you have completed . so , you get a level of the achievement at 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , and 25 missions completed . right now , they both give you the final tier of the achievement once you complete 25 missions at that difficulty level . your quote is indicating that they are adding a final level above the "25 missions " reward . you also have to gain the " liberty completionist hard " and " liberty completionist brutal " achievements ( which require you to have completed all 29 missions ) before you get the final tier of the " wings of liberty " achievement for that difficulty .
not quite the patches , but you can backup the entire sc2 directory and simply copy it back after your format .
i know the full strategy now ; you only get calls when you are on foot , so avoid entering any vehicles till you get a call you also can not have any notoriety at that time you will not get called while on a mission or activity entering diversions ( like vehicle surfing or hostage ) cancel the challenge the location you are in does not seem to matter as i have gotten calls that sent me from one side of the map to the other .
disclaimer i have not played terraria on the ps3 , so this answer is not first hand . if you can beat the twins and skeletron prime you should not have much of a problem with ocram , assuming you put some time into crafting weapons/armor from the best available tier . levelsave - the toughest bosses in terraria claims that he is actually easier than both the twins and skeletron prime when you its possible to fight him . ocram is #4 on his list . the twins and skeletron prime are #3 and #1 respectively . while compiling my list there were many factors that came into consideration . should all the bosses be considered on the same scale ? should they be considered equal on all fronts ? in my mind that isnt a fair way to rank them , while one is playing in normal mode the gear and weapons are clearly inferior to those available in hard mode . that being said i decided to consider the bosses in the time that a player would first face them . some more anecdotal evidence : a post on the terraria forums masamune1004 write : i can defeat him by standing in one place holding r1 and aiming up with a harp in full hallowed armor , with heart statues but without using meteorite/hellstone . usually no potions either , sometimes one greater health potion if the servants do not feel like dropping hearts . so basically he can be defeated afk ( or afc in this case :p ) .
this particular fix is just a minor patch to some hit-boxes and not a change for the physics engine which would be required to ultimately solve the flying item bugs that appear when vsync has been disabled . clutter objects are objects that are placed in the game world without having any particular function other than to provide atmosphere . examples of clutter objects are brooms , unreadable books , kitchenware etc . there is a list of them over at uesp . this fix just corrects the hit-boxes on some of these clutters objects that have been incorrect . notice in the flying objects questions that essentially all items are sent flying out of control while this fix only corrects a small number of objects with no function .
they will prioritize any resource ( gold , elixir , dark elixir ) before going on the the town hall , then to the defenses .
i found them all , they are the main characters from cowboy bebop : spike : when you get into matthius apartment , after the boryokudan members leave and before checking the terminal return to the first screen . jet : when you can change between characters , go to hibiscus highrise and he is in the second to last level of stairs . faye : after curing paul erickson , return to the burned down hideout where you obtained the carbon ray stabilizer . ed/ein : as soon as you can get in the appartment building where paul erickson lives , go to the top floor and you will find ed next to the window . and you need to find them in the same playthrough to get the achievement . and . . . bonus !
yes , the elemental damage dealt by the gem ends up being increased by elemental damage gear . the +holy damage gear you have will not affect the gem 's listed damage , but it will affect the end result . the gem will still hit for 2000% ( or more depending on the rank ) . leveling gems increases the value of the blue text on the gem , so this one will increase every level - not sure of the exact increase . however , once the 2000% weapon damage as holy is calculated , the additional holy damage from your gear will be added on . essentially , if you do 500,000 in white damage per hit , then this gem should hit for 10,000,000 in holy . if you have +20% holy damage , then the resulting hit should be 12,000,000 . edit , some screen shots here is a normal white hit , as seen it is 290k here is a normal crit , 1.2m the range seems to be roughly 250-350k on my character for white hits , and 800k-1.6m for crits . i am bringing this up because with 75% crit , the holy gem seems to only crit . so , with 0% holy damage , this is what the crit from the gem looks like , 19m and this is what the hit from the gem looks like ( the crit was from my plain attack , the white is the gem ) , 3.9m okay so all of that was prior to the holy damage , i am now going to put on 20% and repeat the process : as you can see , yes , the damage modifier does factor in , holy damage on gear increases the damage done by this gem .
" tech " is bonus xp earned during a fight . it is generally awarded for succeeding in . . . unecessary areas , to put it bluntly . an example would be wakka in the beginning . when he yells , " take this ! " and throws his blitz ball at you , you can hit it back to him for bonus xp in the form of tech points . there are several other ways to earn tech points ( parrying an attack , exploiting an enemies weakness , etc . ) . the wikia gives a few more ( better ) examples than mine , though .
npc names are saved as text in the world file . i am not aware of any save editor that can rename npcs at this point . however : there are currently* 35 possible names for the guide , and &mdash ; one of them is , in fact , brian . since the name is completely random each time , there is no telling how many of the gentle guides you will have to mercilessly eviscerate before finally getting a brian . although , at about the 24th slain guide , your chances of having gotten at least one brian will approach 50% . hex editing if you really want to rename your npcs badly , you can do so by editing your raw save file with a hex editor like hxd . this should go without saying , but make a backup first because it is very easy to fry your save file . currently* , the npc names are at the very end of the save file . they are saved as strings with length prefixes , so edit the name to be whatever you want , then edit the byte before it to reflect the length . for example , " brian " has 5 characters , so you had edit the preceding character to be \x05 ( enq ) . the maximum length for npc names is 22 , and obviously they will reset if the npc dies . * terraria 1.1
first and foremost - get a pre-emptitive strike by approaching from behind . pasarans can move through walls but they are still relatively slow in their floating . getting the first turn is crucial for all kinds of setup . the first stratum pasarans have run away , which is a leg skill . if you bind their legs , they cannot run away , and you will be free to beat on them . to your convenience , one of the better leg-binding moves is an early skill for the ninja , who naturally tends to be fast and can usually pull it off before it runs away ( should you have failed to land the bind in your free turn ) . the pasaran has 120 hp that you will need to break through . this is just stalling for time , though - you will need to make sure you can do all that damage . you can improve stalling by adding additional effects like paralyze for its chance , sleep for its full disable and extra damage , and stun if you can land it . the lion , if used properly , is exceptionally potent for a combination of stun , paralyze , and high damage . also keep in mind limit skills that activate at the start of the turn - you can use these to clutch victory right when your stalling is out . each of the first five strata will have its own kinds of adorable pasarans that may appear . they each have their own entry in the monstrous codex . killing a pasaran is worth a ton of experience . they are very , very nice . the lower the stratum , the better the rewards . however , their tricks to hose you and your rewards differ with each one . i have included these in spoilers so that you can access them at your discretion - they also include hp values so you can figure whether your attack power will be great enough . second stratum : looks to its left and has 220 hp . and it explodes ! this harms all of your party and also destroys it for no reward . you need to bind its head to prevent this . third stratum : looks to its right and has 350 hp . explodes or runs away ! you need to either be really really quick , or need to pull off both binds . fourth stratum : has its arms raised , hee , and has 480 hp . in addition to possibly exploding or running away , it also has an ability where it will put its arms down - this transforms it back into the first stratum pasaran , complete with pathetic rewards ! arm bind will prevent that . they tend to prioritize doing this over exploding or running away , because they are mean like that . fifth stratum : here 's the crazy one . there are actually three kinds , but you only encounter the first directly . all three versions have 650 hp . blue pasarans are happy and explode , but more relevantly , if they are hit with a fire , cold , or volt attack , they will multiply into a new one ! the color is based on the element , you obviously get more blue if you use cold attacks . multiply is essential for maximizing your gains , and for this reason getting first strike is even more important . be careful , though , as mistiming or falling short can end up with 5 pasarans exploding in one turn , which can deny your party 's life instead of just rewards of battle . red pasarans are worth the most experience of all pasarans , and are made from fire attacks . these angry guys possess the ability to both explode for major damage , hit all allies for fire damage ( but they stick around ) , or they can lower their arms like the fourth stratum pasarans . kill them quick . gold pasarans are the only ones with a drop - they can drop an item that sells for a lot of gold . they multiply from volt attacks . however , these sleepyheads have an attack , unload , that hits all of you for lightning damage and destroys their drop . so you have to kill them before they pull this off . i have , alas , forgotten which bind stops unload but at this point it is a better idea to just kill them immediately , ideally by limit skill .
upgrade circuits improve one of the 4 weapon stats ( damage , reload , clip , and speed ) by a relative flat amount depending on both the engine and tip used . for example , +1 speed on a shotgun barely increases the shotgun fire-rate , whereas +1 speed on a sub-machinegun greatly increases fire-rate . however , regardless of the engine and tip , a +3 speed circuit is always 3 times the improvement of a +1 speed circuit . you can see the increase that a circuit provides when installing it - the ui displays an extension on the bar indicating how much your stat will improve ( green ) or degrade ( red ) . the increases from multiple circuits stack additively , but there is a cap on each of the 4 stats ; when the bar for that stat in the weapon crafting screen is full then upgrading it further does nothing . below you can see the bars in the weapon crafting ui : both tools have maxed clip in this case : also note that placing a chip in the upper or lower row improves the upper or lower tool , respectively . in some cases an upgrade circuit can affect both tools but i have personally only seen reload affect both upper and lower tools with a single circuit . when i hop on tonight i can update you with the exact scale factors per engine/tip and post screenshots so that this information is a little more clear .
you can sneak up and choke them . it is the rb on xbox ( holding x after choking will automatically pick up the body for you to hide it ) . it is non-lethal and will not increase the death count . however , if the unconscious body falls down stairs , off a high platform/balcony/etc . , into water , they can die and that will increase kill count . other enemies can also found the unconscious body and be alerted to your presence , so make sure to hide them after knocking em out . other than that , nothing to worry about .
i do not think the ban wave is something you can predict by date . keep in mind that microsoft is not just banning any player , they are specifically banning players that they can reliably detect mods on . mods vs . microsoft is a back and forth game . the community releases a mod that is " undetectable " and some time later microsoft develops a way to track it . sometimes it can be tracked with current software , other times it requires a mini dashboard update before microsoft can detect it . but they will eventually find a way to detect it . once that system is in place , microsoft starts collecting accounts to ban . traditionally , microsoft has held on to these accounts until just before a big launch , as was the case with halo : reach . maybe they think banning right before a big game is going to get you to go out and buy a new console ? however , there is no guarantee that microsoft will ban people before any given game release . it depends on the cycle : is there a mod that is gaining in popularity ? has microsoft had the time to develop a reliable detection method for the most recent mod ? no one knows for sure , but the best way understand where we are in the cycle is to keep tabs on the modding community forums .
as the squad leader , you can set objectives by sighting in a target and pressing the ' back ' button ( left of the guide button ) . ( you receive additional points when those orders are executed . ) the easiest example would be in a game of conquest . point yourself at a capture point on hit the select button . ( xbox ) you can also set waypoints , and at some point the squad leader can call in artillery strikes . i am sure there are additional commands , and other methods based on the platform that you are playing on .
the way you have described the problem , the best bet is that it is continually switching between standing and prone . my first guess was that you actually have two cats on the same tile , one beneath the other , but then you had get the spinning green line as it switched from one to the other . so that is not it . as for why it is continually falling over , i am not sure we have enough information . cats do not eat or drink , so it is not collapsing in hunger or thirst . extreme pain or missing limbs would appear in the v iew unit -> w ounds menu . they probably will not appear in the v iew unit -> z tatus screen , because animals do not produce diagnosis tasks when they are wounded .
progress wars stores several cookies in your browser which it attempts to retrieve at each session to figure out your progress in the game so far . among these cookies are the cookies that allow the game to retrieve your level and progress each time you open the game site . if you cleared your browser 's data recently , you will have gotten rid of the cookies . also , your browser might be configured to delete cookies automatically when your session ends ; check your preferences . edit : recovering your progress : if your browser supports editing of cookies or if there exists an add-on which allows you to edit your browser 's cookies , you can " recover " your progress , although it can be considered cheating . on firefox : install this add-on or something similar tools > cookie editor find the cookie listed for progresswars . com called level . change the value to one below the level you were at when your progress was lost . refresh and click the progress button . you will be progressed to the next level and it'll be as though you reached the level through amazing dedication to progression . on chrome : tools > preferences > under the hood > content settings > cookies > show cookies and other site data same process as with firefox from here on in .
for the songs , here are the conditions : the concept of love - complete the tutorial fly like a butterfly - unlock gum and tab ( story-related unlocks ) funky dealer - complete chapter 1 shape da future - complete chapter 2 teknopathic - complete chapter 3 oldies but happies - unlock all characters like it like this like that - complete all missions with any ranking . source also , how to unlock all the characters : garam : challenges you after you beat monsters of kogane mew : challenges you after benten boogie yoyo : challenges you after you beat poison jam and noise tanks combo : after you beat chapter 1 cube : after you beat chapter 1 piranha : challenges you after you beat " explosion " ( shibuya golden rhino mission ) slate : challenges you after you beat " fight or flight " ( kogane golden rhino mission ) poison jam : get jet rating on all kogane story missions unmasked poison jam : hold x when selecting poison jam noise tanks : get jet rating on all benten story missions ( including behind the mask ) love shockers : get jet rating on all shibuya story missions goji : get jet on bantam street and grind square pots : unlock every other character , then on a second playthrough play " monster of kogane " level before " benten boogie " . a noise tank will challenge you after chapter 2 , and if you win , you unlock pots . source ( last post )
in theory , since 3d vision enabled games render twice as many frames ( one for each eye , rather than just one for both eyes ) you would expect the framerate to be roughly 50% of normal . however , according to this , the nvidia fermi architecture ( 4xx and onwards ) seems to have improved on this which reduces the performance loss to only 38% . i would expect this to vary depending on your hardware configuration and the particular game since different 3d engines stress different aspects of your hardware ( cpu , fill rate , gpu memory bandwidth , etc . ) . in your case , the gpu your are considering is mid-range so i would expect a significant performance loss when enabling 3d vision on modern games .
you can bind your abilities to your hotkeys ( the number keys 0-9 by default , though this can be changed ) . to bind detonate traps to a hotkey , bring up your abilities , click hero , hover over detonate traps and hold down the hotkey you want to bind it to .
the secret 17th achievement is Temple Monkey: temple monkey : unlock the secret of the temple monkey ! the secret is . . . ( mouse over to see - you may want to try to get it yourself before reading any further ) get 40 towers and 30,000 bananas on the temple monkey level ( the last level ) . it will ask if you want to upgrade the temple monkey ; click yes . doing this will sacrifice the first 40 towers you built , including banana farms . the temple monkey shoots two attacks which look like the plasma super-monkey 's , except that its attack pops anything in one hit , including mfbs or dirty bloons ------------------------------ best way to get this achievement you do not have to beat the level , just get the temple monkey , so the easiest way is to start out with a few ( four ) overpowered boomerang-monkeys , and get an upgraded banana farm . then just to spam cheap dart monkeys and banana farms until you have enough towers and can afford the temple monkey . this is almost trivial if you have the exploding dart upgrade , as it makes the non-upgraded dart monkey the best tower in the game for its price . you can literally beat an entire level on hard with nothing but exploding-dart monkeys and banana farms .
2 trophies and someone to help you get through the harder stuff should he have more weapons and knows the route/hero bolt locations/secret labs
in several threads ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) on b .nettech support forums , people say that those achievements have to be done in a single mission . blizzard has acknowledged this as a bug too . affected achievements include everything from swarm campaign / kerrigan category that requires to use x skill y times . smoking corpses - kill 50 units/structures with kinetic blast leaping death - deal 15000 damage with leaping strike get a grip - hit 150 enemies with crushing grip unchained - deal 5000 damage with chain reaction shifted priorities - deal 5000 damage with psionic shift so many banelings ! - kill 100 units with spawn banelings worker rush - morph 36 pairs of twin drones the following achievements i personally did not have problems with , and they may be cumulative over missions . if anyone can confirm , please do . endless swarm - reconstitute 500 zerglings where the wild things are - hit 100 units with wild mutation surprise ! - kill 100 units with infest broodlings active the rest of kerrigan achievements directly state the requirement " in a single mission " .
sorry to tell you , but you can not . you need to use another nintendo ds ( or dsi , 3ds , anything ) . the guy at the transfer lab even tells you that you need another one .
there are at least three ways . unfortunately , none will work on your scenario . fling , when used with a corresponding status healing berry , should recover the status condition . however , it counts as a 10 power attack prior to causing the effect , so you would not even be able to throw a sitrus berry for healing before you would kill something at 1 hp . trick and all of its derivatives can be used to swap a status healing berry onto the target . none of the legendary beasts have held items to my knowledge , though , so this will not work . finally , the moves wake-up slap and smelling salts will cure sleep and paralysis respectively . but not only do they do damage , they do double damage to such an afflicted pokmon . so like fling , not viable .
as i have just completed campaign level 30 now , and can say that : campaign levels 28-29 earn 20 each . campaign level 30 earns 1000 . a reliable friend , who is a little ahead , tells me : campaign levels 31-35 earn nothing , and cost 100 each to unlock . and taken from here , this is ( some of ! ) the rest : campaign levels 1-5 and 7-9 earn 20 each campaign level 6 earns 100 still leaves 10-27 , and the tutorials , unaccounted for . . . tutorials ( just quickly ran through ) : tutorials 1 and 2 earn 20 each tutorial 3 earns 60
it does not improve speed , as far as i have tested . it increases the amount of minerals you can get from one field .
if you do not open the sailcloth after the wing ceremony , link goes splat and you get to try again . repeat until successful . falling from a significant height without the sailcloth anywhere else in the game will damage you , but in this particular instance you will not get hurt . also note that the game will open the sailcloth for you when you are dropping to the surface from the sky .
if you are asking about the plain old mushroom spores , the spores you get from any plain mushroom , then i am convinced that they serve no other purpose in the game and only have a one time use . healing orielle 's loftwing i have done a fair amount of testing and could not find a single use for them . everything i have tried it on does absolutely nothing : hearts ( on flowers or on their own ) rupees ( green , blue , and red ) ammo ( seeds , bombs ) catchables ( grasshoppers , hornets , rhino beetles , non-blue birds ) enemies ( chuchus , bokoblins , octorocks , guays , babas , keese ) friendly characters ( kikwis , the old lady in the temple , townspeople ) diggable holes breakables ( pots , bushes , big fruits ) other mushrooms ( non-sparkling and sparkling ) bird statues other interactive items ( sticky plant bombs , stamina fruit , chairs , ropes , trees , etc . ) if on the other hand you are asking about the glittering spores , the spores you get from the glittering mushrooms , they have very limited uses afaik . there is only a couple of uses that i know of . you can use it on hearts or rupees to change them . hearts turn into fairies . rupees turn into different valued rupees , even a rupoor . on some of the smaller enemies , it knocks them dizzy . i was only able to do this on bokoblins , octorocks and babas ( the plants ) but did not have enough to test on others .
it is difficult ! generally your best best is to plant something behind the cob cannons that will kill the imps quickly , e.g. a gattling pea or melon-pult . unfortunately from recollection they will still manage to take one bite . over a long game you will lose your cob cannon and have to start from scratch . your solution of cattails is a good one to have in addition to the above . actually if you are on a pool level you should plant your first cob cannons on the pool lanes , as those are not attacked by gargantuars . insta-kills such as the cherrybomb , squash , jalapeno or cob cannon itself work , though the first two require an open square next to the imp which is unlikely . the cob cannon also takes a few second to fire so you would need to be very quick . and do not forget you can use insta-kills on the gargantuars themselves before they throw the imp in the first place !
the medals/prizes are just a measure of how well you did on that particular stage , based on two main things : your finishing chain your score chain is accumulated by climbing higher blocks in succession , without stopping . you will notice this counter at the top right of the screen , which increases with each new floor climbed . if you take too long to reach a new floor , your chain will reset . you have a limited amount of time in between floors before this happens , measured by the meter that appears below the counter . this meter will replenish per new floor climbed . score is also important , though maintaining a high chain takes priority . you will receive +1000 points per gold pile picked up , so try to get all of them on your way up ! target scores are level dependent , as the height of each level , as well as the number of gold piles in them vary . in between levels , you will also have the opportunity to spend points on items at a merchant . however , if you are going for the gold prize , do not do this . all levels can be cleared without purchasing a single item . what makes this game even more difficult is that obtaining a gold almost always has to be done from the beginning of a level instead of by any checkpoints you may run into . this is because if you die and start again at a checkpoint , you will notice that you lost any chain that you might have built up . gold medals/prizes are also only awarded per nightmare , and not per level . to get a gold ranking , you pretty much have to gold every single level in that particular nightmare ( ex . torture chamber nightmare , you have to gold area 3-1 , 3-2 , and the boss level to secure the gold ) . as an example , here 's a gold run of the first level in catherine ( the same one featured in the demo , although this one is done in the japanese version , which has slight differences in some levels ) . although this is essentially a " perfect " run , there is some leeway in terms of how high your score must be . missing a gold pile here or there will not prevent you securing the gold , but breaking your chain halfway through probably will .
by default , most games do not have controller support . some of them do , especially newer ones . as time goes on more and more pc games are coming stock with controller support . a majority of them implement it very poorly , while very few actually have good ( and customizable ) controller support . i recommend using a third party solution globally regardless of what game you play ( whether it has support or not ) for one very important reason . the solution i will present to you , gives you 100% customization options , full support for all games , and comes pre-stocked with different " profiles " you can find to fill out controller controls per game . most are done by other gamers who have built them on their own while playing the game , and they get community ratings and supports so you can find out which ones are widely used , and liked . the app i recommend can be found here : http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/ it does cost money , but it is the best on the market . i have used controller support apps before that were free , and they never had the same level of customization , or power . they also do not feature the nicely built profile system to easily get new profiles instead of having to build the profile controls yourself . i personally stopped using the controller for most games on pc ( even though i use an alienware laptop ) . i started realizing that with a little bit of getting use to , most of the time the keyboard/mouse combo works the best , as that was how they were originally designed . although some games ( sleeping dogs for example ) have horrible pc/moues controls . most do the control schema very well . good luck , and let me know if you need more advice ! edit : below are a few profile links for some of the games you mentioned , and some other telltale games . http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/rogue-legacy http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/dont-starve
teamliquid has a big sc2 replaythread , also a good place to talk about reps . if you want to study replays and analyse them i suggest the youtube channels of hdstarcraft and huskystarcraft . they upload commented games with a bit of analyzing and also provide some tutorials . for a deeper game analysis i can recommend day [ 9 ] daily episodes . good places to find pure replays to download are sc2 replay section of nibbits . com and sc2rc . com the sites metioned by michael are also great resources ; )
a friend pointed out that there are nearby geysers that shoot you way up in the air . by properly timing a run into the closest geyser ( or simply standing in the right place ) , it is possible to land on top of the big pig , which will net you challenge success . this youtube video pretty much sums it up :
the code for your preset is as follows : 2; 7, 63x42; 2 2; to dictate the current preset parser . 7, for a layer of bedrock 63x42; for 63 layers of iron blocks 2 for a desert biome for no rain . other biome ids can be found here source
you can have as many mutators active as you collect , in a normal mode , or select and collect , in a custom mode . however , be careful about selecting multiple mutators in custom mode , as character model mutators have a habit of conflicting with each other and making the custom game unplayable with that character . regarding ' r ' mutators , unfortunately , there is currently no way to disable and enable specific ability mutators , causing all active mutators to trigger when you press r . for instance , if you have jetpack , devil , and pitcher mutators , when you press r , your demon powers and jetpack will toggle on , and a ball will be thrown .
the new enemies are tim and the dead miner . the new item is the wizard hat , which is dropped by tim .
there is no trick , it is just a normal battle . remember that you can select the other members of your party to give them orders , including telling them to drink potions . i had my tank hold the ogre , while my other two characters quickly dispatched the adds . then i could focus everyone on the ogre . i did end up drinking all 5 of the potions i was holding , but everyone came out alive . keep in mind that on normal level ( which the demo is locked to ) there is no friendly fire , so if you have a mage with fireball , you can toss it right into the middle of the fight and it will not hurt your characters .
as of now , deathwing is flying around the world , killing unsuspecting ( or very saavy and suspecting ) afk players to award them with the stood in the fire achievement . similar to the lich king in wrath and illidan in tbc , he is intended to be the ultimate villain of this expansion , and players can expect a final confrontation with him in a raid released in whatever the final content patch of this expansion cycle will be . given past trends , that'll probably be a patch 4.3 or patch 4.4 . between now and then , there is the twilights hammer , an old god , deathwings kids , and a whole lot of angry elementals to deal with , not to mention possibly some other big baddies we have not seen too much of yet this expansion like azshara perhaps .
the problem is that you do not make rock things at the metalsmith 's forge . to build it out of rock , go to your mason 's workshop and a dd a floodgate ( l ) . this will only construct a general rock floodgate though . to make sure that it is made out of alunite , you should see this question .
104 is the number of vehicles without dlc . as far as i can tell , there are currently six dlc vehicles available , meaning that 110 is the total number of vehicles you can drive with all dlc .
i use pits . dig a pit at least 2 deep and preferably not higher than 3 deep so you will not take damage jumping in , then , place a single ladder along the side on the bottom row ( middle if you made it 3 deep ) . with a combination of w and jumping , you should be able to get out easily , while leaving your animals trapped . it is very easy to get them in , too . just lead them up with some carrots and stand next to the edge . they should follow you to the edge , and you can easily push them in .
mobs definitely do spawn on soul sand , the solid block requirement is for the block graphically , and soul sand graphically is a solid block ( no transparency ) . i did test it with a glass enclosed room with a soul sand floor and zombie pigmen did spawn inside .
there are two " secrets": the four owl puzzle ( denoted by a question mark on the node ) , and the subsequent anticube room . four owls in four places , an owl appears at night . speak with each one : in the waterfall level near the pillar ( green tree , first warp zone ) , in the windmill level near the windmill ( orange tree , air warp zone ) , in the forest near the transforming cabin ( green tree , outside rainy warp zone ) , and outside the octopus-looking building containing the revolving model of the solar system and the counting cube ( pink tree , temple/science warp zone ) . these locations were shown on the walls of the fez-wearing elder 's house ( in gomez 's hometown , across the bridge ) . hidden room after speaking with each owl , they fly to the rainy warp zone 's giant owl room . when all four arrive , a panel reveals a door behind the owl statue opposite the entrance . it leads to another owl room with an anticube . glitch : if you remove the patch , the original version of the game had a glitch where you could access the hidden room without the four owls : stand in front of the entrance , rotate the room twice , and press up to enter . keep in mind , the room will not be " completed " until the main secret ( four owls ) is finished and the next room is visited .
no , the squadmate ammo bonuses are not stackable . the ammo power which was utilized the latest will override the effects of any previous one - regardless of whether the powers were the same or not . so in your case , i believe that you will be able to apply that +50% boost to ammo power to all three of your squadmates . only once though .
in short , no there is not . the best you could do is sell the gems and buy the upgraded gems from the auction house . . if the saved time is worth more than the ( tiny ) amount of saved gold by crafting , then it is worth it .
so far that i have found , the in-game trades are as follows : bunnelby -> farfetch'd : santalune city ( house , west from the fountain ) jolly jigglypuff -> bisharp : snowbelle city ( house , southwest of the northern bridge ) adamant luvdisc -> steelix : cyllage city ( pokemon center ) impish gyarados -> magikarp : random hotel ( must talk to a hiker repeatedly over the course of a few days ) adamant any pokemon -> eevee : random hotel ( must talk to a woman repeatedly over the course of a few days ) docile and holds a rare candy after elite four any pokemon -> starter : vaniville town ( outside your house ) you will get the starter yours is strongest against . any pokemon -> ralts : lumiose city , ( cafe soleil on southern boulevard ) comes with gardevoirite
in addition to the number of mushrooms you get in time trials , the higher the kart 's item rating the better your chances to get ' useful ' items - better chances at tripple bananas/shells and bob-oms vs fake item boxes and single bananas/shells when in first place , and better chances at things like stars and lightning bolts vs bloopers and mushrooms the further behind you are . how much better the odds are exactly , i can not say . i also seem to recall that a better item stat would slightly reduce the duration of the effects of items used against you ( less time spinning out/bouncing ) , as well as slightly increasing the positive effects of items you use ( mushrooms give a slightly bigger boost , stars/bullet bills last a bit longer ) . however , i have not found many reliable sources to support this , so it may be observational bias on my part .
official information on this is pretty hard to come by , but there are 2 seperate pieces of information that point towards nephalem rifts being completely random and having content independent of their name . the first one is from the blizzcon 2013 ros panel : so what we have done is we have taken all of the tilesets , all of the dungeons in the game , and we organize them in new and interesting ways . so we have taken the cathedral , all the exteriors and all the monsters and shuffled them up . so every time you do one of these , its random . [ . . . ] so every time you transition from one level to another , it can be a different dungeon and it will have a different combination of monsters and we mix up the type of dungeons you are going through . for example well start with the cathedral , we can go into a root cave after that , go to crypt , or you can go to just one level which is just a big exterior zone . or you can go from exterior into a zoltun kulle dungeon or something like that . so there are all kinds of different ways we put this together and every time you do them it is different . in the beta forum there has also been a post by tsamis that heavily points towards the fact that rift names have no meaning at all : going forward , please try to include a link to a screenshot showing the environment of the rift you were in when you encountered the bug . if you are unable to provide a screenshot , please do your best to describe what the environment looks like ( i.e. . " the area looks similar to the keep depths" ) . the names of the rifts are randomized so including the name listed in the upper right corner of the screen does not really help us when we are trying to reproduce these issues internally .
pistons also have a . 5 tick on the end . the game gives off-tick checks to increase speed , to there are 2 game-ticks in every redstone tick . therefor 8 game-ticks , or 4 redstone ticks .
the cleanest way to get your equipment back is to complete the current quest . nobody dies , gets a bounty or tries to kill you . you are in a very unusual situation , possibly the only such situation in the game where an npc who could be a follower temporarily has the follower tag removed as part of a quest .
yes and no . you can not get off a taxi while it is traveling between flight nodes . this is very much by design as the taxi can not be used as a substitute for a flying mount . however , if your destination travels through another flight path node ( as indicated on the taxi map as a " flying boot " that intersects the line between you and your destination ) than you can choose to instead land at that node ( that is , get off at the " next stop" ) . to do this , simply log out of the game while in transit . when you log back in , you will still be on your taxi but it will land at the next flight node instead of your destination . note : using this method , you will only be billed for the flight nodes that you reached - saving you some gold .
wood is one of the few solid blocks in the game that cannot be destroyed with a pickaxe ( or drill , later in the game ) . you have to use an axe or a chainsaw ( or a combination tool that incorporates either ) , just like you would for chopping down a tree . you should have spawned with a copper axe .
yes , the mighty eagle kills all the pigs in the level , even if you throw it backwards off the screen . however , the eagle will not destroy all the blocks on the screen , as you said . the mighty eagle is kind of like a mini game within angry birds that passes the level for you that you can only use every hour . source : i just tried it out on my itouch .
obviously all of these are going to be put in spoilers . . . bubble gun take a bottle of jellyfish juice back to mimiga village and use it on the fire in king 's house . you will reveal the bubble gun . fireball get from santa after rescuing him machine gun trade the polar star to curly . locks out the snake and the spur . king 's sword i think you can actually miss this if you do not talk to king after your battle with mutated torako . snake trade the fireball and polar star to the bug mechanic in the catacombs . locks out the spur . spur with the booster 2.0 and the polar star , return to the cave you start in at the beginning after fighting the island core for the first time and returning to the deserted mimiga village . once you reach the gunsmith who you got the polar star from and give it back , he will transform the polar star into the spur . nemesis find the tiny man in the mimiga village graveyard ( should be near the knife-weilding enemy ) after talking to his family underneath the outside side of the island ( just to the right of dragon egg 00 in the egg corridor ) . take him back to his family , then talk to him . he will offer to trade you the nemesis for king 's sword .
enemy levels determine the target time for a battle , and consequently , these post-battle stats : points per second score stars tp recovery item and shroud drop chance based on the game mechanics guide on gamefaqs : target time given : target time t hp at start of battle h enemy level l highest party member attack power ap atb level a thus :  T = (H * L / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  if enemy level l is less than or equal to 50 , otherwise :  T = (H * 50 / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  points per second given : points per second p target time t thus :  P = 10,000 / T  score given : score s points per second p target time t battle duration d thus :  S = (T - D) * P + 10,000  stars , tp recovery , rare drop chance , shroud drop chance
if you have imported a saved game from mass effect 2 in which you completed the kasumi - stolen memory dlc and also had her survive the assault on the collector base , she will cloak herself and follow you around for the duration of this mission . at the end , you will automatically help save the salarian while she stops the upload . based on your own answer , it sounds like if you do not have kasumi with you , you have to choose between saving the salarian and stopping the upload . if kasumi is with you , both are successful . as an added bonus , not only have you saved jondum bau and saved the hanar homeworld , but kasumi herself will count as a 25 point war asset .
the answer here is that it depends on the profession . leatherworking specialties , for instance , are 100% completely useless . engineering specializations , by contrast , have a significant impact on the cost of levelling from 425 to 435 , provide access to some of the coolest and most sought after vanity items in the game , and in cataclysm , determine which of 2 new boe pets you can make and often sell for absurd profits . alchemy specializations meanwhile , result in an average of 20% more yield from all specialized recipes - hugely relevant , and really the only way to turn alchemy into a substantial moneymaker . as for blacksmithing specifically ? there are no new patterns linked to specialization in cataclysm . unless you are interested in some of the old vanilla or bc era bs items for vanity purposes , you can safely ignore specialization . i seem to recall a few mid 70 's blue items linked to specs as well , introduced in wrath , but they are not efficient skillups . tl ; dr : they are irrelevant for all except alchemy and engineering , where they provide significant moneymaking opportunities .
yes , this is where the simcity 4 save games are kept . to be on the safe side , i would copy the whole simcity4 directory from your documents folder . i believe they are organized by region , and then within the region the individual saved cities are located . this about . com article mentions backing up this folder in order to back up your simcity 4 saves , and i remember copying this folder before when i played simcity 4 .
the xbox 360 version has kinect support , which is exclusive to this version . the pc version requires origin , which is a bit stricter/more intrusive drm than either of the other two platforms . however , this also means it is digitally distributed as opposed to needing to purchase a physical disc . the playstation 3 never had the original mass effect , ( at that time , the game was an xbox 360 platform exclusive property on consoles ) so you may be at a slight disadvantage if you would have made different choices in the original game that effect the starting point for this game . for instance , your choices in me1 near the end of the game change certain war assets in this game . aside from these differences , i am not aware of any platform-specific dlc exclusives for any of the three versions . there were a few pre-order bonuses which could be considered platform exclusives , for instance preordering the pc version via origin would have secured you a at-12 raider , which is a unique shotgun .
no , since 5+ connected orbs do a mass attack . but , if you were to connect 4 orbs then 4 more it would work . the lines of orbs can not be touching of course .
the commander patch notes for update 2.0 was released today , here . ui - new features : - squad progression bar added to squads . i am assuming this means the squad progression bar for field upgrades .
you do not receive this nameplate until you purchase the game when it is released . quote from the bungie weekly update - 07/25/2014 everyone who makes an appearance will earn a nameplate to help you prove that you were there when the record for concurrent players was set before the launch of the game . it will help you to be a rare and unique snowflake when destiny launches in september . this is what it will look like :
it deletes the oldest ghost ward out at the time and places your new one down . see below for examples here is two wards from the sight stone you can see the other ward fading out after i placed the third after getting the ruby sight stone i can place a third ward with the other two out however trying to place a fourth ward causing the oldest to disappear still
do i deal less health damage to a zombie while it still has stamina ? the inverse - i do not believe zombies take less damage when they have stamina , but if they are knocked down ( either as a result of having no stamina or via throwing/ramming/etc . ) , they take more damage . will aiming at the zombie 's head inflict more health damage , even when it is knocked down ? yes , and you will occasionally get a time slowdown when this happens . do certain types of weapons inflict more health damage compared to stamina damage , regardless of their base damage ( for example , if i have a firearm and a blunt weapon with the same attack value , will the firearm inflict more health damage ) ? it seems like the more force a weapon has , the more damage it does to stamina . i am not sure how firearms stack up , though .
no , there is currently no way of respeccing a dead island character .
i sent an e-mail to the game 's creator , and he responded with the following hint : have you tried exploring the ceiling area to the right of the bottom fan while vertical ? here 's my solution : there is a grate to the right of the bottom fan , you just have to be as close to the right wall as possible . if you are having a hard time flying through the grate , keep walking right .
antimatter is the t1 ammunition that does the highest damage , though with a -50% optimal range penalty . void is t2 ammunition , so you need to be able to use t2 blasters to use it . it does more damage than cn antimatter under ideal conditions , but it also uses 25% more capacitor , has -25% optimal range and -50% falloff , and a -25% tracking penalty . the damage difference is also not that high , it is about 11-12% . while this is certainly significant , it is offset by the tracking penalty in particular which can easily make the applied dps much lower under real conditions . here is a damage graph for a merlin shooting another frigate with neutron blasters while they are not moving at all : void does more damage up close , put even here you can already see that you pay for that with less flexibility in range . but this example is rather unrealistic , in most cases the frigates would be orbiting each other . and at orbit speeds of around 500 m/s for my example merlin void loses the advantage completely . void also has a much lower distance range where it deals high damage , so you have to be more careful about setting your distance to the target : but what happens when i shoot at something larger like a battlecruiser and not another frigate ? here 's the graph for that : void clearly is better in this case , the large signature radius of a battlecruiser eliminates the tracking penalty . in short , while void is not a bad choice by any means , cn antimatter has fewer drawbacks , does similar damage or even more in many real situations and is generally more flexible . void is still the best choice if you are shooting at a ship a class larger than your own , or if you know that tracking is likely not going to matter . personally i usually take some void with me in addition to cn antimatter and null ( must have ammunition ) .
yes - the missing link contains spoilers . the missing link dlc stands apart as an episode by itself , even though the timeline in which is happens is during the main story ; it takes place chronologically just before the last mission in the main story of human revolution . ideally , you want to play up to the last mission in human revolution , save your game , play through the missing link dlc , and then finish the last mission . alternatively you can play through the whole of human revolution and then play the missing link as explained in this existing answer ( contains spoilers ) . i would not , however , play the dlc before the last mission as it does contain information explaining the story in the main game .
with regards to knives in cs:go , you inflict the same damage to an opponent with a knife to the head as with a knife to a leg . the extra damage element is caused by knifing from the front/side or the back . this weapon chart shows the knife damage of the primary and secondary attack , to each hit box area ( although irrelevant ) and also whether in front/side or behind your opponent . as you can see , the hit box area causes no difference in damage . interestingly , this chart shows that kevlar and helmet mitigate knife damage . it also indicates that it reduces the damage when hit in the legs . kevlar does not reduce damage to the legs with any other weapon . this seems to indicate that knife damage is based solely on whether hit from the front/side or back .
tl ; dr : yes , you can do this , although it makes the game a bit confused . this question made me curious , so i tried affine 's strategy of putting 22 civs and 41 city-states on the smallest possible map size . the game assigned me the shoshone civ , which turned out to be perfect : their cities start with extra tiles , and they have a unique unit &#8212 ; the pathfinder &#8212 ; that acts like ( and replaces ) the scout but has the combat strength of a warrior . starting the game as the shoshone , you get a settler and a pathfinder instead of the usual settler and warrior combo . on my first turn , i founded a city , and its borders shoved spain 's starting units onto a little peninsula . i was not able to get my pathfinder over to the spanish settler , but that settler was too close to my city to found a city on its turn , and i was able to capture it on my second turn . i am not 100% sure what happened to spain 's warrior ; it seemed like it just disappeared when i founded my city , but it could have been pushed onto a hex i could not see . i remained at war with isabella for about ten turns , after which spain just disappeared from the diplomacy menu . in the same game , i noticed that the huns had not founded a city by turn four . i captured their settler , but their warrior ran away from me and the civ remained in the game . it took another four turns for me to track down that warrior and attack it . the combat went normally ; neither my warrior nor the hun warrior was destroyed , though both took damage . then , after i ended my turn , the hun warrior just disappeared off the map , without being attacked . when my next turn started , the hun civ was no longer in the diplomacy menu . to test the second part of the question , i started a new game with the same settings , except that i had it start from the classical era instead of the ancient era . that means starting with a settler , a worker , a spearman and a pathfinder . i never founded a city . i was able to capture venice 's settler on my first turn , and destroyed its military units over the next five turns . i did not go after the worker , though . it kept running around until turn 50 , at which point i gave up hope that the game would consider the civ lost . i did not have the " complete kills " option turned on .
i read this question and instinctively agreed with agent86 's answer . but i decided to dust off my own snes to do science and confirm his answer . the results were not exactly what i expected . i took out my north american snes and my library of 13 games . all 13 ( eventually ) worked . i plugged in one of my controllers in the player 2 port and tested them out . results : out of the 13 games , 5 recognized and worked with a controller plugged only in the p2 port . 5 out 5 of those games supported two player mode . 4 out 5 of those games allowed you to start a single player game with a single controller plugged in the p2 port . the other game would only let you choose two player mode . the other 8 games were all one-player games only . what i am concluding from this experiment is that you can play some snes games with only the p2 port functioning , but it seems those games have to support two player gameplay with a second controller . some of those games have good one player campaigns ( super mario world , for example ) , but solely one-player games seem to be a no-no .
there are several different things that determine good or bad picks in league tournaments or 5v5 team rankeds in general . tl ; dr answer bad picks are picks which : the player does not play often do not match the team composition are usually weak and where the conditions for them being strong are not met are used as a surprise pick and do not work out counter themselves ( in high lvl play usually against surprise picks that do work out ) are picked instead of a pick that would cripple the enemy team ( picking something they usually play for example ) in-depth answer first of all : the tier list as most people know there is a tier list for solo queue . but since you are asking about the ogn/lcs games i will take a bigger look into the 5v5 tier list . the team tier list is not too different from the soloqueue one but it is not that relevant . the soloqueue tier list focusses on the potential of a champion carrying a game alone . the team list focusses on the team ( fighting ) ablitiy of a champion . you also have to keep in mind that the champion tier list itself for 5v5 is not that relevant just because there is another list of team compositions and strategies . this brings us to the next point : team compositions the team comp is the most important factor in team rankeds/tournaments . currently i would say the most used comps are : wombo combo the wombo combo team is the most used teamcomp within unexperienced players since it is easy to follow . most unexperience players will just think " hey if we win teamfights we win the game so we will just pick amumu , kata , mf , leona , renekton " . this might be true but in higher level play the wombocombo can be easily countered since it really relies on teamfights and going as 4 or 5 . pro strong teamfights , can turn a game instantly , sieging against such a team is really risky con needs to teamfight , weak when alone , actually the team that get 's countered the most . exaple champions leona , amumu , miss fortune , ziggs , orianna strongest phase mid-late movementspeed comp the movementspeed comp became more popular during season 3 especially with the support and sivir rework . it is one of the stronger but harder to pull off team comps since you have to time right . it is also more or less a teamfight composition but you are not dependent on teamfighting as much as a wombo combo team . your strenght lies in structure control and the ability to engage and/or disengage fast . you could for example go as 5 to mid when only 2 people guard the turret , take it down and use your movementspeed to get away again pro very fast , good teamfights , strong disengage , quck turret kills . con sieging/defending is not that good usually , most comps lack cc in supporter or toplaner . example champions sivir , lulu , karma , sona , mundo , shyvana , udyr strongest phase mid-late poke comp the poke comp is also another rather old and commonly known composition . it is basically just a bunch of champions that can sustain themselves and/or the team while poking the enemy down and forcing them to go back . this means that this team excels at objective control ( have you ever tried to do baron against nidalee/jayce ? ? ) and sieging but it is greatest weakness are of course teamfights . this comp is pretty strong against movementspeed comps but it usually gets wrecked by a well played wombo combo team . pro great poke , great sustain , best sieging potential , best objective control cons cannot teamfight , movementspeed reliant , usually low amount of hard cc and disengages . example champions nidalee , ziggs , jinx , jayce , varus , gragas strongest phase midgame global ultimates well as the name suggests , these are mostly champions with global or semi global ultimates . this comps strength lies in surprise ganks and splitpushing while its biggest weakness is it is champion pool . there are not really many champions with global ultimates and most of them got nerfed since this method was an almost guaranteed win in earlier tournaments . they do not really get countered by any of the other comps but they also do not really do that well currently . this is mostly because of all the champ nerfs . pro split pushing , good objective control , ability to teamfight anytime from anywhere . cons champions are weak . example champions nocturne , shen , karthus , pantheon , twisted fate strongest phase midgame catcher comp this comp focusses on catching champions off guard and/or taking down high priority targets like an adc quickly . they usually have lots of single target burst and one or two assassins that can get in and out quickly . their biggest strenght lies in the early game and it forces the enemy to stay in a group since they can not really risk staying alone and getting caught . their weaknesses are teamfighting and their dependency on snowballing . if you screw up early game with a comp like this the game is pretty much over . pro target lock down , control of the enemy team , splitpushing . con teamfights are hard , if you can not kill the high priority target the teamfight is over , really risky to use in high level play . example champions lee sin , kha'zix , leblanc , elise , thresh , leona strongest phase early-mid we-play-what-we-can-play-best comp this comp usually leads to the " we lost because of bad picks " comments . it is usually playing champions that people are the strongest with but ignoring the real composition of the team . while this may work out for solo queue it is usually a bad thing to pull off in team rankeds/tournaments . the only cases it really works is when you pick a guy that play a champ well and you build the team around it ( overpow on kayle for example ) . the problem is that your main champions will get banned in tournaments and very high elo teamrankeds since you exactly know who your opponent is . pro you can play what you are best with con your champions can be banned , rest of team has to build around your champ . example champions insert your favorite champions here strongest phase insert strongest phase of your favorite champion here of course there are some other comps but these are the most frequently used ones that can really be categorized now to the last point : the enemy team in challenger team rankeds and tournaments you will know who your opponent is . thus you are ( or should be ) informed of their main champions and their main strategies . when picking or banning champs on such a level you can not just go for the " oh i am going to ban kassadin because he is op " tactic but you have to pick and ban against the enemy team . this is also really different from soloqueue . while in soloqueue you should follow the order : pick what i can play best > pick what matches the team = pick what counters the enemy in high level premade play you have to go for : pick what counters the enemy > pick what matches the team > pick what i can play best ( of you should be able to play the champion you are going to pick decently ) remember that you can ban away the main champ of their player with the smallest champion pool . this offers a great opportunity to win a game . also if you do not fail completely with a certain champ that the enemy is good with you can pick it away from the enemy . when you do not follow that order this often leads to these players saying " we had bad picks " . because they knew " player x is going to pick champion y and we got wrecked by it the last 3 games but i will try to pick a counter to it " . and instead of taking the champ away from this player they just tried to counter it . a closer look into viable champions now back to the different tier lists . as already mentioned the composition or synergy of different champions is much more important than the position in the tier list for team rankeds but this does not mean you can play heal+revive jungle soraka just because it matches your team in a certain way . first of all we have to keep in mind : the tier list is not perfect it is actually just a list written by pro players based on statistics and personal experience . also if you only play god-tier champions in soloqueue you will not jump from bronze to diamond in one day . this list only describes the potential of a perfectly played champion and not the percentage of games actually won by this champion ( if you want plain statistics check out op . gg ) . of course this also means that certain champions that might be really strong most of the time can be absolutely useless against a special teamcomp . in general it is of course safe to pick champions that are higher in the tier list but there are some exceptions to this ( talon for example is a terrible team pick but is great for soloqueue ) . on the other hand there are many champions that are lower in the tier list but can be really strong in team rankeds ( take shen for example ) . you can basically play every champ if you know that it will work . the tier list and meta games are usually created during tournaments . of course the patches etc are another factor but have you ever seen a toplane mundo before the popular guys played it ? mundo was a champion that was not touched for like a year or so and the mastery changes were not that extreme . he was a viable pick before but no pro player picked him in major tournaments . surprise picks also happened this season which will work out if you know how to play this champion right ( teemo pick in the tsm vs c9 for example ) . so another thing that can be a reason why people are talking about bad picks is either because they tried the surprise pick ( high risk , high reward ) and lost , or if they lost against it because they sticked to their usual playstyle and/or tier-list . preparation now this only counts for tournaments . you can prepare to a certain degree in high level teamrankeds by knowing all the teams in your elo but you will only be able to exactly know what or who you are against the next ( few ) game ( s ) . the preparing the team for the upcoming match is mostly job of the team coach . the players only have to put the theory into practice ( sure sometimes they have to learn certain champions but when it comes to picks and bans it is mostly theory ) . i personally won two tournaments with my team because our enemies did not prepare as much as we did . and by preparing i do not mean " hey i am gonna check out his lolking and then i know what champions he picks " . no . i mean analysing the playstyle of every single player in the enemy team . you have to find out how they handle different situations . clg is a good example of a team that relies on a good but risky strategy . they almost always play lategame comps . so what should you do ? you pick a team that wrecks the enemy early so there will be no lategame . finding out favorite champions of players is an important thing too of course but the playstyle of a player will tell you more than his match history . you have to watch previous matches , previous tournaments and maybe even scrim with them . as soon as you know how they play you can start counterpicking and counterbanning . i do not really know how much of a problem too little preparation is in lcs but i think even there you will sometimes lose because of it . also always remember that not kills , gold or baron win the game . those help you winning but the actual goal is to kill the nexus ( sometimes i feel like even pros forget this ) . no matter how many kills you get . when your toplaner is always mid to gank , top will get pushed and maybe even to the inhibitor/nexus which will cost you the game . and there are only two results : win or lose .
you can no longer craft the golden wrench ( or rather , receive while crafting other things ) , and the 100 people that won it and another who bid on it are the only ones who ever will as it is not tradable . from the original 100 and 1 , at least 19 have been destroyed , 14 of which net $31,000 for child 's play , another raised $530 for the same charity , and one more provided 10,200 twd ( ~$344 ) for a 2011 sendai earthquake and tsunami charity . why people donated so much money to have someone destroy a virtual item is beyond me , but i am not going to argue with results .
i do not think so . maybe it can be the case with spas-12 ( due to its ammo nature ) . however , obviously , the he grenade ( and hk-69 ) allows you to kill more than one player with one grenade . . .
if you have a look at diabro3 . com it will help you figure out what monster power level you should be farming if you are aiming for efficiency . just type in in your battle tag and select your region . it will also help you by showing you which areas of you gear need upgrades .
at the moment , not really . you can eat them , of course : ) ( and it sounds like fbueckert has been doing just that ! ) eating them still provides nourishment , but also causes food poisoning . some folks have collected them for sale at the junk market , too . i suspect most just discard them , though . time permitting , i may add new uses for them in the future ( e . g . crafting recipes ) , but for now , that is all they do .
in tournament play , it will register how many wins you get during the period of validity of the tournament ( displayed on the popup when you hover it ) . you can then compete with other players in the leaderboard . random matches are more casual . it will track your total win ratio but nothing more .
open the config file and change toggleconsole to any key ( i used "-" ) . save the file , then right click on it , choose properties , and set as read only . when in game , open the console and type sv_cheats 1 , then noclip 1 . close the console , get out of where you were stuck , open the console again and type noclip 0 . worked for me !
squishiness is essentially how easily you fall during an engagement - the relative ease of which you can be squished . whereas a tanky champion can be likened to the solidness of stone , a squishy one has the standing power of a pillow . it is one of the many factors of general survivability - the strict ability to withstand damage . generally , squishiness manifests in champions with low defensive stats , little or no defensive ability to prevent death under focus fire from the enemy team , and poor ability to trade blows . the general theme is , if you are squishy , your likelihood of making it through an ambush , or under fire in a team fight , is low to nonexistent . you might notice that a lot of these are matters of " lacking " . and that is what squishiness boils down to - lacking defenses . as it is easier to illustrate that way , example champions i will list will generally be to show abilities that reduce squishiness - squishy champions thus being those who lack such abilities . low defense stats health , armor , and magic resistance all play a vital role in not dying . whereas a tank will excel in these stats ( and further boost these with items ) , a squishy champion tends to have poor base stats and/or poor stat progression per level . without even the weakest of defensive items , a squishy champion will fall to pieces when under attack . vladimir is an example of a champion with reduced squishiness in this department . his passive grants him extra ap for bonus health , and extra health for bonus ap . this encourages him to buy health items , while at the same time benefiting his health anyway while he builds offensively . no personal death prevention naturally , any champion , even a tank , will fall under enough focus fire , but squishies are those who die within moments of focus . this happens both from a lack of defense stats as before , but also from lacking abilities that help mitigate damage . this includes damage reduction , damage shields , or any method of instant damage negation - things that help once the damage actually starts to come in . poppy is an example of a champion with reduced squishiness in this department . her passive sharply reduces damage , she gets stacks of armor , and her ultimate lets her negate all damage except from one source . this both lets her survive once the damage starts , and even completely negate the effects of focus fire . poor trading blows likewise , being able to simply kill an enemy before they can hurt you does not affect your squishiness . that ability will not help you if you get jumped from the brush , or if you are on cooldown and took a wrong turn . if an initial burst does not take down the opponent , then a squishy hero may not survive the continued exchange of attacks with a foe , even if initially at a health advantage . again , defensive stats play a large role in this , but also abilities to help you stick around in the fight without needing to retreat . graves is an example with reduced squishiness in this department . his passive increases his armor and magic resistance , so he gets a growing advantage if he survives an ambush . as the rest of his kit also supports trading blows on the offensive end , his reduced squishiness really improves his survivability in that department . fixing squishiness now that you see what factors ( or rather , lack of factors ) play a role in being known as squishy , what can you do about it ? the main things to look at are fixing your squishiness directly with items , or just mitigating its issues . fixing it directly is basically - buy defensive items ! every little bit of health , armor , and magic resistance goes a long way if youre a squishy champion . many high tier items include those that give some measure of defenses in addition to offensive power ( abyssal sceptre , frozen mallet , wriggles lantern ) . you may also consider items that directly present potent defenses - banshees veil , hexdrinker , and zhonyas hourglass all offer a variety of ways to handle your squishiness . mitigating it comes from equipment that helps your survivability otherwise . lifesteal/spell vamp , for example , wont save you from a nuke barrage , but it will improve your ability to trade blows by healing you for each hit ( a fact which for ad champions is very nicely wrapped with wriggles lantern ) . also consider items like randuins omen , which can slow down the enemys attack speed so that they cut through your buttery softness more like a dull knife than a laser beam . a champion with a stun , silence , or snare can also use those abilities to stave off the flow of damage - if you dont have one of your own , lane with someone who does . in fact , laning with someone who can protect you either with their own defensive shields or by holding off the enemy is a generally wise move .
the unofficial elder scrolls wiki has a good database of the traditional houses ( like those that can be purchased in each of the major cities ) as well as a list of the houses that do not count for your " houses owned " statistic . the wiki also has a complete list of non-respawning containers ; normally , the contents of each crate , chest , and container gets reset and randomized every 3 in-game days . here is the page for houses ; here is the page for non-respawning containers if you can not find your stuff stored in either the " free " houses , or the safe containers , you may simply be out of luck , pending a burst of sudden remembrance .
the northern yellow area is green bay north the southern yellow island is green bay south the northern blue area above the highway is unity heights north the 2 islands below the highway are unity heights south the northern red area is hope springs north the southern red area is hope springs south agency island is the purple area in the middle you can find a whole overview of the areas on this map . it is a zoomed out view , and you need to click on the separate districts to zoom in to see the orb locations , but you do not see them in the overview . so if you are worried about orb spoilers , you can safely look at this map without getting spoiled .
he is mostly a situational card . as you mentioned you can silence him , most notably for me i typically use it in my priest deck ( as priests have mass dispel and a 0 cost silence ) to troll and get a monster on the field . since it does not attack and does not have taunt 90% of the time players let me keep it on the field . then the next turn i silence , divine spirit , inner fire , and boom they have lost 10hp or more if i use multiple divines or power word : shield . additionally , i like having defender of argus in my decks so i do not have to run as many taunt cards and he is not a bad addition , as sometimes when your enemy has board control you can place it down without the enemy killing it as they do not see it as a threat . if they do kill it then you have re-directed 5 damage that could have went towards you . i use it as an underdog-card in most situations . it has it is uses but by no means is an amazing card . i mostly keep it around for the laughs , as i play to troll not play to win :d uses : rush : if you get him early with a ( 0 ) cost silence in a priest deck it can catch your enemy off-guard board-control : if you are losing it can be difficult to gain board control back . this card is commonly left alone as it has no immediate threat . even if it is killed before you can silence or give it taunt it is a cheap card so it is at little loss to you ( other than maybe card advantage ) buff : typical usage of silence or taunt . full-field : this one is a long-shot , but you can use it as simply another card on the field . some cards such as frostwolf warlord could benefit from having another minion on the field . hell , you could throw him in before a brawl just to have a slightly higher chance at killing all of your enemy 's minions . silence counter : if you give it taunt it can act as a deterent for your enemy to silence away your taunt since he will then be able to attack ( as mentioned by " z -" below ) .
right click on your volume icon in the taskbar ( or open it through control panel ) and then select playback devices . then go to the communications tab and set it to " do nothing . " should be all set .
it is just very , very tricky . the rule of thumb is to watch the animation . the common mistake is to try and link too soon - you literally have to wait until the last animation has finished . also , some moves just do not link . the timing windows in sfiv are really strict - which allows for a real range of skill levels . generally speaking , to get long combo strings out , you need to work more with lights and mediums - so you might jump in with hk , standing lp , crouching lk , crouching lk there are several methods for linking moves : cancelling : most common , where you break out of a normal by executing a special . same goes for specials to supers , and supers to ultras . focus cancel : where you execute a move but hit the focus attack during it to cancel , generally used in the opening of a special kara cancel : you start a move , but hit throw during it , allows you to throw from extended range . have yet to pull this one off plinking : hitting a descending strength of attack almost simultaneously - i.e. hk -> mk here 's a combo for you to try that should give you a feel for it akuma : you will get a good six hits out of it .
you need 5 sunburst to enter the ravana map . monsters in the mini dungeons of golden temple have a chance of dropping a sunburst .
it is possible to display clothing together , however it requires a mannequin . there are only 4 per player in the game . each one can be equipped with a hat , accessory , top , bottom , socks and shoes . they are acquired from sable , mabel , labelle and gracie . quoting the ac wiki : sable 's mannequin is obtained by becoming friends with her . the player must also have purchased at least 50 items from the able sisters shop . the earliest this mannequin can be achieved is by the tenth conversation with sable . mabel 's mannequin is obtained by purchasing 51 clothing items in the able sisters shop . labelle 's mannequin is obtained by buying at least one accessory from her a day , over 31 days . the purchases do not have to be made on consecutive days . gracie 's mannequin is received when the player makes their first purchase on gracie 's floor of t and t emporium .
no , the statistics on the weapon do not matter . the purpose of this glyph is to allow you to customise the aesthetics of your summonable pet by changing the weapon it wields . many of the weapons that are recommended for the looks at the time this glyph was first added are , in fact , level 60 raid gear from vanilla . as the statistics on the weapon do not matter , neither do gems , enchants , or reforging .
it makes no difference , gameplay or story-wise . it is simply the way the game does profiles . that is , each bunk corresponds to a different profile with its own save files , so multiple people could play off of one copy . if you are actually using multiple profiles , remember to use the green door ( load game ) instead of the blue one ( continue ) when starting the game . this allows you to select a profile to load from .
you want the xbox 360 wireless controller for windows , it comes with the wireless usb receiver . once you have one of those you can use any xbox 360 controller with it . after my xbox 360 died i bought one of those controllers ( basically just to get the receiver ) and my two existing 360 controllers work with it too . microsoft used to sell the usb receiver dongle separately but no longer .
they are relative . setting them all to the top will give you the same result as setting them all to the bottom . you need to set them to different levels ( relative to each other ) in order for them to have an effect .
of course ! engraving is one of the most reliable ways to identify wands . see this page from the wiki on how to use engraving to identify your wands . a little usage advice : first , engrave ( with your fingers f . ex . ) a normal elbereth , because some wands like polymorph are only identified , when you engrave somewhere where you have something else engraved already . second , also when engraving with the wands , write an elbereth . never engrave any other text , because 1 ) elbereth is always good to have and 2 ) writing elbereth as opposed to anything else improves your wisdom stat .
as you are traveling around after level 4 , you will soon notice a ghost following you . although this will probably scare you at first , he will tell you that all he wants is to be taken back to his old house by the sea . you will have to do what he wants , because you cannot enter level 5 until you do . his house is located just to the east of where you talked to marin by the seashore . take the ghost to his house and let him look around inside . soon , he will become overwhelmed with memories and ask you to take him back to his grave . his grave is not located in the main cemetery , but it is the single headstone just to the west of the witchs hut , which is just east of the mysterious woods . once you return him to his grave , he will tell you that under one of the jars in his house is a gift for helping him . so go back to his house and look under all the pots . under one of them , you will find your reward , a secret seashell ! source here edit you can take the ghost straight to his house , then straight to his grave . an example would of this is walk-through to about 5 minutes in .
the demo will take up to 2.5 gb of hard drive space on the pc . source : official mass effect 3 demo faq
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
it is empty , i am afraid . others such as yourself had found themselves also searching in vain , so do not feel alone in your frustration .
i personally spawned a shotgun and used it to destroy the barrels and that was it . so basically i think the easiest way is to spawn any type of weapon and use it to destroy the barrels ( when you hold the weapon , click on barrel , then click on attack option ) . there might be more ways to solve that one , but i think destroying them is the simplest and fastest way .
it seems like you just have to survive three waves when the van is hanging , without shooting the wires that hold it up . the van will drop without you having to do anything . this video might also be helpful :
despite needing to update mass effect 3 to run it , that patch was not the patch containing the resurgence pack ( as i had assumed ) . if you had like to use the new maps ( and eventually , weapons / characters ) , you need to actually access the dlc via " dlc " from the main menu - you can then " buy " the dlc for 0 biowarepoints , afterwhich , it will install and be available for use in multiplayer . kinda convoluted , and not intuitive at all . ( especially since it is free - why not simply patch the game to add the content if everyone gets it ? )
any bonuses or modifiers that are gained from an affix on the weapon itself are already factored in to the items stats when you view it is tooltip . bonuses to +damage or attack speed on other items , such as rings and off-hands are not reflected in the tooltip of your weapon , but are factored in to the damage stat on the character sheet . keep in mind however , that affixes such as + damage and + attack speed , when found on a weapon , do not affect your other weapon if dual wielding . this includes the benefit of gems like rubies .
no . ethereal items and the like are not present in diablo iii . all items can be repaired as their durability decreases . there are however , some items that do not suffer durability damage , and this never need to be repaired .
if you are asking if you can use a hard drive meant for the new style 360 ( the slim model ) with an old style 360 , the answer is you can not . the original hard drives attach to the outside of the console , while the new ones are smaller ( physically ) and slide into the console itself . as for replacing other parts - i would recommend against doing any maintenance yourself . you will void your warranty ( if it is still active ) , and in general the console is not meant to have user replaceable parts . re-reading your question , do you mean that the optical drive is scratching your discs ? you might try installing the game to the hard drive . it will still need to read everything on the disc to copy it , but at least once that is successful it will not have to read anything from the disc ( aside from the initial check when starting the game ) .
an incapacitated enemy is any enemy which is controlled ( cc'd ) , stunned or knocked down . because champion enemies and above are not able to be controlled , pommel strike cannot be used against bosses in most operations / flashpoints . the big deal here is that you can use pommel strike if someone else incapacitates the target , which makes it much easier to use for knights/warriors .
the game counts the werewolf 's ability howl of terror as an unlocked shout ( i am assuming you are a werewolf , or have been ) . i have just tested this on a save where i have found 5 word walls but have yet to kill a dragon ( of course , meaning i have not unlocked any of these 5 shouts ) . as i am a werewolf however , the stats page tells me i have unlocked 1 shout . this is further verified by the stats page telling me that my favourite shout is howl of terror .
the service area is always the entire city . travel time determined whether you will reach the destination before a building burns down , patient dies , or criminal gets away . early on , with little traffic , one single service placement can usually cover the entire city . adding more vehicles lets you dispatch to more places at once . once traffic increases , the effective service area is reduced , no matter how many vehicles you add ( except for helicopters ) . you can wind up in a situation where a vehicle can not reach the building next door because it can not even exit the vehicle bay . good placement , road layout , and public transportation will keep your services most effective . you will notice that the game lets you plop the vehicle bays apart from the building . do not lay them all next to each other so they exit on the same road in the same direction . place them on opposite sides of the road and across intersections . that way , traffic in one direction will only clog up some of your vehicles instead of all of them .
i went digging in the source code ( gotta love open source games . . . ) first , you have to pass a random check for success ( i have not been able thus far to trace back what the " default " value for this is . . . ) , and then the game will attempt to place the new industry in a random location . if this fails , it tries to orient the industry differently , until it runs out of potential orientations . it then picks another location and tries again , up to 5,000 times . height does not appear to be a factor , but proximity to another industry of the same type does , and i believe that it is checking to make sure it can " land " the industry on flat ground . the lesson here is twofold - one , there is a chance to fail , period . you might just be unlucky . secondly , there is a chance that it will attempt to place a new industry and fail , due to bad luck or overcrowding when picking the tiles to place the industry on .
tl ; dr if everyone you know is dead , no cheering . if they lived , yay ensues . image taken from this video . here be spoilers ! if shepard chose to destroy the reapers , a big wave of flame sweeps over the earth . if you have a low effective military strength ( ems ) score , the cut scene will show the flame wave destroying everything in it is path , including reapers , buildings , and humans . earth is destroyed . if you choose to destroy the reapers with a medium ems then the humans live , however earth is heavily damaged by the blasts and buildings get vaporized . if you have a higher ems , the energy wave destroys the reapers but leaves buildings intact , and does not kill the humans . earth is not destroyed . if shepard chose to control the reapers , the cutscene will show some electric activity on the reapers , and the reapers will leave earth . with a low ems , many buildings are destroyed in the process . with high ems , buildings remain intact . if shepard chose the synergy path , the reapers depart from earth and earth is saved . in cases where humans survived , the soldiers on the ground cheer as the reapers either leave earth or are destroyed . to find out exactly what levels are needed , check out this answer .
the gray order is a sort of rebel group formed by gregori hastur , a warlock , and his wife amoline , who is a witch . because of several attempted coups against their leadership , the immortal general boram darkwill , any political groups or politically motivated citizens of noxus that are not the same as the governments are violently put down . because hastur and amoline believe in practising and learning the dark arts/black magic while leaving their neighbors and other countries in peace ( pretty much heresay in militaristic noxus ) they were cast out of the country . since i can not imagine they had be welcome anywhere else , hastur and amoline ( annie 's parents ) left the country in an exodus , bringing with them other intellectuals and magicians of the dark arcane arts in order to study it and learn its secrets in relative peace . they have made a colony beyond the great barrier ( inhospitiable lands destroyed by the rune wars that used to be fought all over the continent . which is why there are so few counties left i suppose ) in what are called the " voodoo lands " , which are especially hostile lands north of the great barrier . annie 's bear , tibbers , is an example of the wild life that can be found in the voodoo lands . this means several strong , deadly bears just as bad as tibbers , or worse , are constantly near the colony . since the colony still survives with those things nearby and in such a harsh place it can be said that the gray order is somewhat powerful in that its members are adept with their knowledge of the dark arcane . annie 's parents have some sort of reputation for being powerful wizards as well , which adds to the supposed strength of the gray order , as they are known as the gray warlocke and the shadow witch , respectively . this is all from annie 's lore , so far no other mention of the gray order can be found ( by me anyway . there might be small tidbits in the journal of justice that i havent found yet . ) speaking of which , the only place where you could find more information on the gray order would be the journals of justice avaliable under the lore section in the lol game client lobby . however , i do not recall anything being said about them , but feel free to look here : http://na.leagueoflegends.com/story/issue-1-13-july-20-cle from that page ( the first issue ) you can access all the other and see if there is any more lore about the gray order .
you can get your stuff back . when you wake up , you should be next to rudy , who will tell you that you do not want to remember what happened last night . bribe or intimidate him anyways and he will tell you that he is not the one to ask , but that the madame marlot should know . find her in the basement of the inn ( the building where the notice board is located ) . when you head down the stairs to the basement , and go into the more open area ( where there are/were people fighting ) , you will notice a door by the corner . this leads into another hallway . when you go through that door , there is another door to the right leading into an elegant bedroom . this is madame marlot 's room . i believe she also requires to be bribed . after you have done that , she will tell you that you should go speak and apologize to ves . visit ves in roche is house ( the place where you got drunk to begin with ) and she will tell you the full details of your night and mention that your stuff can be found in the chest by the window . it seems this is the only path through the quest ; you must bribe or intimidate rudy to get your quest directives . you can not skip straight to ves and get your stuff back since she has the key and you need to follow the quest to get the dialogue option . rudy 's the guy with the fishing rod right by where you woke up . as of patch 1.2 , the bribe option always remains open even after bribe failure , fixing the bug where people could not progress after failure on both intimidation and bribery .
there is no difference apart from aesthetics . you can build a house out of anything ! monsters will not spawn unless there is no wall .
i believe you need to play through the entire game without shooting anyone to gain this achievement . if you mess up , you can reload your last checkpoint and go again but if you have passed another checkpoint since , you will need to restart . if you want to check as you go along , you can press the " back " button and in the top-right of the screen it should say : " so far , you have not fired a shot at anyone " . if you think you may have shot someone , hit the " back " button and check this . if it is gone , you need to reload your last checkpoint . if it is there , you are good . the bit with the convoy does not count as a shot and you can actually shoot guns in the game ( at servers etc ) , as long as you do not shoot at anyone .
sector and universe traders will ignore existing cargo ( with the exception of energy cells , which they will eventually use up for jumps , and fighter drones , which will serve as replacements for the drones the trader would normally acquire ) , reducing their effective cargo capacity . you will need to get rid of the excess cargo in some way , perhaps selling it as you were , dumping it into a storage ship or jettisoning it .
yes , the mission order does matter however , most of the missions where the order does matter can be ignored if you are willing to skip portions of the content available in the game . in this instance , you can just play the main story line missions , which pretty much present themselves to you in the order that they can be played in . for a full completion though , there are a few missions that must be completed in a specific order as they are only available before or after certain events occur in the main story . these are all detailed below . notable missions that need completing in order you need to do the missions in the following order . failing to complete the missions in an order close to this will result in a variety of missions becoming unavailable , which can impact your war assets and get people killed . these three missions will occur automatically and do not need any input from you to select a mission ; prologue : earth priority : mars priority : the citadel part 1 once you are off the citadel for the first time , priority : palavan is the only mission available to you ; priority : palaven once you have rescued the primark from palavan , the grisson academy mission appears . one of your old team mates ( presuming she did not die in mass effect 2 ) , jack , is present on this station . this mission will turn into grissom academy : emergency evacuation . grissom academy : investigation the next mission involves the rescue of a krogan female from sur'kesh , this will unlock a variety of missions on tuchanka , one of which is timed ( tuchanka : bomb ) and needs to be completed within three missions , else you will fail it . priority : sur'kesh tuchanka : turian platoon tuchanka : bomb attican traverse : krogan team following the completion of priority : sur'kesh , but before undertaking priorty : tuchanka , the following missions must be completed . each of these missions will be considered failed if you undertake the priority : tuchanka mission without completing these first ; benning : evidence citadel : alien medi-gel formula citadel : barla von citadel : biotic amp interfaces citadel : hanar diplomat citadel : improved power grid ismar frontier : prototype components priority : tuchanka is a major cut off point , completion of this mission will unlock priority : the citadel ( part 2 ) , which will result in the citadel getting attacked by cerberus . a lot of people that were available to speak to beforehand are either dead , missing , or elsewhere after the completion of this mission . ensure that all side missions you wanted to undertake that are not included in the " any time " list at the end have been completed before this point . priority : tuchanka priority : the citadel part 2 citadel : cerberus automated schematics lesuss : ardat-yakshi monastery ( contains item for citadel : asari widow ) arrae : ex-cerberus scientist ( contains item for citadel : cerberus turian poison ) the mission priority : perseus veil unlocks the following missions ; priority : perseus veil priority : geth dreadnought rannoch : admiral koris ( contains item for citadel : target jamming technology ) rannoch : geth fighter base ( contains item for citadel : reaper code fragments ) citadel : kakliosaur fossil the two rannoch missions ( rannoch : admiral koris and rannoch : geth fighter base ) must be completed before undertaking priority : rannoch or they will become unavailable . priority : rannoch priority : the citadel part 3 priority : thessia priority : horizon missions with no time limit these missions can be completed at any point during the game note that while scanning the planet and collecting the items will not count as a mission , landing on the citadel to hand in the item ( s ) will count as a mission . it is worth keeping in mind that if you have timed missions up on the galaxy map ( tuchanka : bomb ) that undertaking many of the missions below will count towards the three missions that will result in the expiration of these time sensitive missions . i personally would recommend completing all of the other missions before undertaking the below . collection missions these missions enable you to maximise your war assets and can be completed at any point in the story . they generally involve collecting an item by scanning a planet and then delivering the item back to an individual on the citadel . apien crest : banner of the first regiment athena nebula : hesperia-period statue citadel : cx-12 thermal pipe citadel : kakliosaur fossil dekuuna : code of the ancients dekuuna : elcor extraction hades nexus : obelisk of karza hades nexus : prothean sphere irune : book of plenix kites nest : pillars of strength nimbus cluster : liberty of asha silean nebula : rings of alune shrike abyssal : prothean obelisk valhallan threshold : prothean data drives hand ins like the collection missions above , except these involve collecting an item from another mission ( in brackets ) rather than scanning a planet for it . if you complete the mission without picking up the item , some of these items can be purchased via spectre requisitions . citadel : asari widow ( lesuss : ardat-yakshi monastery ) citadel : cerberus ciphers ( n7: communications hub ) citadel : cerberus turian poison ( arrae : ex-cerberus scientist ) citadel : chemical treatment ( n7: fuel reactors ) citadel : reaper code fragments ( rannoch : geth fighter base ) citadel : target jamming technology ( rannoch : admiral koris ) other missions these missions generally involve running around from place to place delivering messages and perform odd jobs . aria : blood pack aria : blue suns aria : eclipse citadel : batarian codes citadel : cerberus retribution citadel : inspirational stories citadel : medi-gel sabotage citadel : medical supplies citadel : volus ambassador citadel : wounded batarian n7 missions these missions unlock throughout the game and do not have a time limit or expiration . they are also not tied to any of the important planets/settlements/stations , so can be completed at any point during the game ; n7: cerberus abductions n7: cerberus attack n7: cerberus fighter base n7: cerberus lab n7: communications hub ( contains item for citadel : cerberus ciphers ) n7: fuel reactors ( contains item for citadel : chemical treatment ) downloadable content missions which missions and when to do them the dlc content unlocks after the completion of priority : palaven ( with the exception of from ashes , which unlocks after priority : citadel , part 1 ) and is not time sensitive content . however , it is worth keeping in mind that if you have timed missions up on the galaxy map , for example tuchanka : bomb or grissom academy that undertaking dlc missions will count towards the three missions that will result in the expiration of these time sensitive missions . from ashes if you have the from ashes dlc , you will gain these bonus missions . priority : eden prime will unlock javik , the prothean squad member . eden prime : resistance movement unlocks additional war assets ; priority : eden prime eden prime : resistance movement ( during mission priority : eden prime ) this mission can be done any time , but getting javik early on provides some benefits like a funny squad member that details a lot of the background lore and the particle beam rifle . i would recommend doing from ashes after the completion of priority : palaven and before undertaking priorty : sur'kesh . omega the completion of these three missions is required in order to unlock the dlc mission for the omega dlc ; aria : blood pack aria : blue suns aria : eclipse after completing these three missions you will be contacted by aria t'loak for the following mission ; citadel : aria t'loak this mission can be completed any time and will not have an impact on the rest of the game other than some additional war assets . leviathan if you have the dlc pack leviathan , the following mission will become available to you after the completion of priority : palavan ; citadel : dr . bryson this mission can be completed any time and will not have an impact on the rest of the game other than some additional war assets . it does , however , contain a significant amount of lore and back story . citadel if you have the citadel dlc , the following mission will become available after the completion of priority : the citadel ii ; citadel : shore leave this mission can be completed any time and will not have an impact on the rest of the game . after everything else : the final missions starting these missions signifies the beginning of the end , the only way back after starting priority : cerberus headquarters is to either complete both missions and finish the game or load an old save from before taking the mission . priority : cerberus headquarters priority : earth once completing these missions , you will be returned to the galaxy map in a " pre mission " state - ie ; as if you had not started priority : cerberus headquarters . this will allow you to re-use that save to complete any missions you did not complete ( that did not expire ) . to complete expired missions , you need to start the game again from the beginning ( or load a save pre-dating the mission expiring ) .
i have not played the game yet , but your friend should be able to throw you an invite to his game through his own friends menu . joining a party means you will create a group for you both ( to chat in together ( though you can set the chat to use the game chat also ) and if you are the leader of the group , you can also choose to just send a game invite to the party , which will invite everyone in it to play . details on the party system can be found here .
the answer to your question would appear to be , in fact , yes . i too have looked at the game 's source code , most notably in game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules . cpp and this is what i have found . there is a number that governs difficulty . in the source it is called m_imissiondifficulty , though the function getmissiondifficulty ( ) is often used to read its value . its initial value is set using the skill level you choose . easy : 3 normal : 5 hard : 7 insane : 10 brutal : 13 if there are three marines playing , this number is reduced by one . if there are one or two marines playing , this number is reduced by two . the number can not fall below two ( i.e. . if you are playing using the easy skill level ) . this number 's practical application is in various calculations used to determine damage dealt . this tuning can be toggled using the cvar asw_adjust_difficulty_by_number_of_marines - on by default - though sv_cheats must be enabled in order to disable it .
leather can be used to make snow infantry armor at the spinning wheel . this armor has a very high warmth value making it useful for exploring cold planets and moons .
update with the release of ultra strikes , new tactic to destroy portal 's shields and other mods emerged . if you stand right on the center of a portal and fire those , there is a very high chance to destroy the mods . old answer : the mechanics behind destroying portal shields changed several times , but this is probably closest to the reality now . if i recall correctly : common shield : 10% chance rare shield : 8% chance very rare shield : 6% chance also there is a difference between firing a l1 and l8 burster . the percentage might be influenced by the damage potencial of the weapon . there used to be a special way to approach a portal from distance , destroying all it is shields without taking a damage and then dealing with unshielded portal . it utilized these factors : 1 . portal hit range being around 60 meters . 2 . xmp l5 having range 90 meters . 3 . fixed probability of destroying a shield . 4 . firing from range between 70 - 90 meters . but this now does not work as there are more factors influencing the destruction of a shield .
i am not really a minecraft player , but a quick glance at the wiki indicates that you should ( like with other metals ) first smelt raw gold ore in to gold ingots , using a furnace . these ingots can then be used to craft weapons and armour ( which you do not want ) , but also used to create clocks and powered rail . you can also combine 9 ingots in to a gold block , these can then be used for construction ( if you want a nice golden house or something ) or these ingots can then be used to craft a golden apple , which instantly restores your health . given the supposed rare nature of gold within the game and the items you can create with it , i would presume gold 's most important usage is in the creation of powered rail , which ( from what i see here ) vastly increases your construction options with mine carts .
i used the boots and obsidian crown and enchanted monkey staff to fire loads of fireballs . then when he came near me i teleported and jumped around !
what does it say when you try and hit it with projectiles ? what kind of combinations are good at beating the game ? &nbsp ; konami code ? &nbsp ; press         b a
do you not have advanced tool tips turned on ? familiar has a duration of 5 minutes . summon a companion that will attack your targets for 20% weapon damage as arcane . this companion cannot be targeted or damaged by enemies and lasts for 5 minutes .
you are unable to take a city via a normal ranged unit attack command . you will need a unit that can actually invade the city itself to gain control over it . some say you can use the move command if a cities health is low enough but i have not actually ever tried that . the best way i know of is to use a melee unit to invade the city after you have its health down low enough .
yes , there is a different booster . you need cloak booster module , which provides following benefits : cloak strength +20% cloak regen speed +20% cloak recharge time -20% cloak disruption time -20% ( invisibility time lost to shooting or getting hit )  source ( s ) : http://spacepiratesandzombies.com/mediawiki/index . php ? title=cloak_booster_module http://spacepiratesandzombies.com/
this boils down all to the result of trust . i once administrated a server and encountered much of such issue . primarily with my first batch of recruitments . what there occurred is that they abused the rights to their own benefits . i would recommend you to better understand who you are recruiting before giving them the rights . as you have mentioned you already have a permissions plugin . i would also suggest that you create a tiered hierarchy . it should have similarities to the following model : user -> trial-mod -> moderator -> admin -> owner what this allows is for you to observe your moderators/admins through ghosting . either being /vanish or other means . if you then deem them of a poor admin/mod , you then are free to demote them under such rules . as the owner of the server , you have the final judgement of who should be an admin and receive such rights . down to your question for whether admins require op . i would answer no . admins never need op . op grants them full autonomy of the server except in some cases such as pex or gm , where permissions have to be granted specifically . admins should also never require the * node in permissions . you should only grant the permissions they really require and if they bring up that they require more permissions , fully consider the repercussions of granting such commands and give them to the appropriate ranks . the following section shows how you can slowly move over to this system if you already have an existing hierarchy . first lay out a message of similar contents to the following : it has come to my attention that many of the admins have been abusing the rights given to them . it is detrimental to the community of the server and thus is unacceptable . following this , create a tiered hierarchy that have only what they need to resolve issues . if a mod is there to provide basic support such as logblock query and not rollbacks , only give such permission and nothing more . if they complain , remind them the issue you have faced and they have to earn your trust to gain more power . pick out a few of the admins you think that does not abuse the power and give them the permission they required permissions . they would respond to issues brought up by the mods and perform the required tasks . in this hierarchy , the moderators have permissions to do basic checking and not any form of changing ( check for griefing and not rollback ) and respond to basic questions by the community . if more pressing matters arise , it should be sent to the admins and they should follow up . as for the trial-mod , they would only answer questions and if something does actually fall into the category of admin , alert the mod or admin to settle the issue . what is happening here is that you should only give permissions to those that you trust and even so only permissions that they require to solve the issue . a mod should not have worldedit commands neither should admins have the permission to kill the server . the most critical of issues such as crashes should only be solved by you and a handful you really trust . after reading your comments , i have seen that the reason you are reluctant to do so is due to the configuring of the permission nodes . i would give a suggestion as a person who once administered a server . you always want to do permissions even though its the hardest to do . it may be the most tedious , but when you set up a proper hierarchy , with inheritance and the such , not much is really needed in there . after considering everything . i did not have much in my permissions of the admin as most of it is inherited from the moderator . the tediousness of configuring the permissions actually results in an amazing result and reduces complains from the user of abused commands . spend 2 hours sitting down and do the configs would not hurt . after that you can relax from the quietness of having issues solved by admins and no complains from the users . in all its entirety , it is never recommended to give admins op unless you fully and utterly trust them . by giving op , you give them your server . if they world edit away the whole map ( as has happened before because someone i trust forgot to move a corner of the selection and deleted the whole map , crashing the server in the process ) you are toast . you may still have control over the machine but your community is gone .
yes it does count as killing people , according to the sources i have read because you created the death indirectly by your own hand . the related note you mentioned : if the man you walk up to laying on the ground has a zzz its a knock-out icon . if he has a skull its a death icon . the environment will always tell you these things . if the roof is such a far drop that you cannot id him , assume you killed him .
no , they spawn in new mushroom biomes . however , the reverse is possible , using shears :
what about running a local multiplayer game with a low player count ? ( to prevent others from joining ) that should make the gamemode behave as usual , without the extra people . ( you can probably create a server through the multiplayer menu . )
nope , you are up the creek . save game files are locked to the region of the disk ( at least in the cases i have dealt with ) . you could try logging a support request with the developer to see if they can help you out . some game saves are locked to region , others to the psn account name , and i '
no it is not . i was in a dungeon and i tried to surround it with lava . all it did was to stop the spawning . but the block stayed . from the minecraft wiki : tnt , bookshelves , leaves , wool , fences , wood , planks , and wooden stairs are flammable . if flammable blocks are within 3 meters of lava , they will eventually catch fire . non-flammable blocks block this effect , but not the spreading of active fire . the embers or fireballs which fly out of lava are purely decorative and do not directly cause fires .
first you need to enable cloud saves : from the xbox dashboard , go to settings , and then select system . select storage , and then select cloud saved games . select enable cloud saved games . once you do this , you will be prompted on startup for most games which save device to use , in the same way you would be prompted if you had external storage plugged into your box . then you need to move save games ( if they already exist ) sign into your xbox live profile . go to settings , and then select system . select storage . select the storage device that contains the saved game that you want to move to the cloud . select games . select the game with your saved game . select your saved game . select move . select cloud saved games . keep in mind that space is limited to 512 mb ( but in my experience that has never been an issue ) . i use this capability a lot to go between consoles - it is convenient .
if you pause the game and go to the menu ( using the + button on the wii u , i am unsure about other platforms ) there is an option for ghosts with three settings : all , friends only , and none . personally i find friends only better than all . but i have no friends :- so all i see is ghosts of my own prior attempts which i find far less distracting than ghosts of other players ( especially when they play as other characters ) . you will obviously want none to disable the ghosts completely . on a side not i find that the ghosts distract me much more on distance challenges where you are racing against the flames and you have to go as far as you can . on time challenges where you need to collect as many lums as you can i actually find that the ghosts help me a lot . here 's what it looks like on the wii u . i am not sure about what other platforms would look like :
just install worldedit , which will work cross-platform , and modify biomes in-game with the biome brush .
there is no easy answer to this because it depends heavily on the rest of the terrain generation that has already been done before the game checks for valid dungeon placement locations . when a chunk ( a 16x16 wide piece of the world ) is generated the game tries 8 times to place dungeons in the chunk , centred on a randomly-chosen block between bedrock and an altitude of 128 . first it picks a dungeon shape for the location , then it checks to see if it is a legal dungeon location . it will refuse to place the dungeon if it is above ground , or if where its walls would be placed are not exposed to air , or if six or more vertical sections of its walls would be visible . that means that it depends on there being air pockets underground , but not too many of them around the spot it randomly tried to place a dungeon . as a result , there is no guarantee of a dungeon appearing in a chunk , and it is theoretically possible for a chunk to contain up to eight dungeons . beyond that , it is almost impossible to say what the frequency is , since the game is not using a simple percentage chance . there is no way to turn off dungeon spawning . the game options claim that setting " generate structures " to off will disable dungeon generation , but in reality dungeons are generated in a part if the code that does not check that option . the only way to prevent dungeons from spawning is to have no legal locations for them , which can be accomplished by making a flat world that has only a few layers of ground .
according to square 's official website then , thirty years ago , ehb 's king was murdered , and blame was cast upon the legion . led by the young and charismatic jeyne kassynder , the people rose up and slaughtered the 10th legion , tearing down their proud chapterhouses and estates . with the fall of the legion , the kingdom has fractured into petty states and free towns . most of the country has fallen under the sway of jeyne kassynder , who controls the church and eastern ehb . her power is steadily growing . the royal court has retreated to the mountain fastness of glitterdelve , in the west , and the bustling city of stonebridge has declared itself a free and independent republic . only a scattering of legion descendants survive . many were hunted down and slain by jeyne kassynder , while others fell victim to the mobs of common folk who rose up to sack their estates . but a network of descendants endures , organized by an elusive old man - the venerable odo - believed to be the last surviving legionnaire . he has protected the children of legion blood and kept them safe from jeyne kassynder . now a gathering has been called in the remote rukkenvahl , in the north . odo has asked all the legion descendants to assemble , in an attempt to rebuild the legion and take back their kingdom from jeyne kassynder , before it is too late . . . so to answer your question jeyne is hunting down anyone remotely related to the legion because of the supposed involvement in the regicide 30 years ago . she controls the church and must of the eastern land of ehb
i know while playing , the game has not let me sell , destroy , or put in my junk bag any quest items , so i am guessing that is the cause . while i do not have firsthand knowledge of your particular item , i did find some info on it . brother fallons beads st . hadwyns beads is an accessory which youll get in the plaguseshield . you will not be able to thrash it , go to st . hadwyn mission ( glendara ) and talk to brother udo . make sure that you make him certain that you believe in the ways of mitharu in order to trigger this quest . so it sounds to me like it is a quest item for a quest you do not have yet .
you want to use a monostable circuit . this turns any input pulse into a pulse with an exact length ( in ticks ) . hook this up to your clock and you can pulse the piston on for 1 , 2 , or however many ticks you want . by tweaking your clock speed and monostable circuit you can get very precise piston pulses , e.g. 1 tick on , 5 ticks off ; 3 ticks on , 7 ticks off etc . sethbling , noted redstone genius , gives a very good guide to monstable circuits , as well as other redstone components in this video :
while i have no hard evidence to support this ( not sure any exists without looking at the game code ) in all my playthroughs there was never a negative effect for investigating/exploring all dialog . same goes for talking to people just to hear the same thing over and over again .
monster bits are actually an excellent source of early game cash . the trick is you need to identify each type first . not for every single monster - just one each of any eye , heart , bone , and skin . these sell for triple digits even for basic creatures , and the yields only get even higher as you go late game . yes , you have to pay for the initial identify , but again , each part is now going to sell for its proper price for the rest of the game . this is a general fact about everything not-equipment - you will need to have identified its item class at least once in your lifetime before you can start selling it unidentified for proper price . escort and " before it is too late " are good choices for job board quests . be familiar with how long it takes you to reach any given town from your current town to make sure you can make the journey . in these two cases all you have to do is make it there in the time limit . do not take " beauty and the beast " quests early on - those have a chance of out-of-depth ambushes so if hunting quests are eradicating you then it is best not to touch them . note that yowyn/palmia is the shortest route in the game . if you pick up gardening early on , the harvest time quests ( of which you can usually find pages worth in yowyn ) are a simple money earner . they do not pay as much as the other quests in terms of gold , but it is very fast for platinum coins . cargo trade is a great way to earn some early money , though your performance in this department is dependent on your traveling skills and some measure of luck ( or enough scrolls/rods of teleportation ) . the " traders " in each town sell cargo - this does not stash in your inventory , but instead in your " cart " , which is a separate inventory space that starts off with about 70s worth of capacity . cargo has different prices in each town - the trick is to buy where it is cheap , and sell for major profit . well , major profit will be much further down the road once you start being able to regularly make it to noyel , so before them you will just have to settle for " nice profit " . the main threat here is the rogue boss , a special encounter that shows up if you have cargo - they will wipe the floor with you early on , or you have to fork over your goods and money . hence , bring some teleportation items to just zip out without having to give away your goods . the best sales are done with the farther distances , so until you can reduce your travel time this is more of a background money earning than something you want to actively work on . every town has a voting box - use it once a week in-game to increase your voter rank . this adds a small boost to your salary . it is not huge but it is free money twice a month . lastly , one trick is that the puppy cave tends to spawn scrolls of oracle . these sell for four digits even at the start , so once you are at a point that a stray kobold will not ruin your day and cause you to drop your stuff in a dungeon to be permanently erased since the dungeon randomly generates itself . . . then diving in there is a decent way to make some quick early-game cash . this primarily covers the early game means of earning money . later on , you will be primarily earning money by a lot of other things . all of the above will still factor in , except for the puppy cave dives which are not all that fun as you are levelled up , nor as fast as what you can do when you are levelled up . some of the notable sources of money as you go further in the game : your salary ( which you improve by performing in the arena , pet arena , joining guilds , operating a museum , and clearing dungeons ) operating a shop ( which has high maintenance costs each month so until you know what you are doing , wait on that - but it will sell your dungeon dive junk for better than you can usually ) getting an easy craft that sells for good money ( gardening in a farm , hoarding certain corpses/goods/slaves in a ranch , or using the crafting skills with special note to jewelry for a disproportionate ratio of ease-of-material to price-of-goods ) dungeon delving ( random dungeons not only influence your salary but also give scalingly healthy heaps of gold on clear , in addition to the prizes ) party time quests ( those with high enough perform can make five digits or more in these quests easy ) long distance cargo hauls ( selling goods between noyel and port kapul can earn you 20k or more a trip , which you can enhance by upgrading your cart ) gambling ( casinos use casino coins that you gather for free , so the goods you get for winning at the casino can be sold if you are spotted for cash ) the world 's oldest profession ( requires your target to be drunk , takes karma , and may make you insane , but it both trains charisma and it can make a quick spot of cash if you hit a rich mark . panic and challenge quests ( similar to hunting except they are worth more , but they also tell you your opponent beforehand , making it a whole lot safer to know if you will make it )
the eclipse war asset modifier is the same +50 regardless of how you resolve the situation . the only difference is the reputation you gain . release sederis = +5 renegade convince sayn to take over = +2 paragon convince sayn to kill sederis after she is released = none
the promotion costs for the next level can can be calculated by previous level xp + ( 10 * next level ) so for level 1 : 0 + ( 10 * 1 ) = 10 level 2 : 10 + ( 10 * 2 ) = 30 level 3 : 30 + ( 10 * 3 ) = 60 level 4 : 60 + ( 10 * 4 ) = 100 and so on . source : civ fanatics forum
it appears you can only go to hell once per game-day . you get the debuff pooped when your energy is very low ( 5% of max energy ) with a duration matching the time until the next game day , which is every four earth hours .
i was able to find an answer to this question here . basically , the hdmi handshake does not work correctly between some tvs and the xbox . the tv tells the xbox to only allow pc-like display options if it is set to auto-detect the display settings . to fix this : open the options on the xbox main screen right until you get to Settings select Console Settings  Display Discovery turn the auto display discovery to off it will ask you to reset your tv and xbox , after which you should have sound . you will also need to reset your display configuration ( i.e. . your resolution/hd settings ) .
apparently there are bombs in angler 's tunnel : there are bombs in dungeon 4 [ . . . ] in the angler 's dungeon go left in the first rm with the enemies and there are ten bombs if you have already got them and broken all the pots and so on you will have to leave the dungeon to find more ( not in this case , see comments ) . i do not recall anything specifically nearby but the world map is not too big , so if you ignore all the distractions along the way it should not take long to get to the shop : )
game development consists of five stages : the zeroth stage is preparation , before any sliders are used . some tech and design points accumulate . stages 1 , 2 and 3 involve silders . the sliders affect the portion of the time to spend on each of the three fields . the sliders do not affect the length of the stage . raising a slider above the other sliders increases time spent on that field , which may be important depending on the kind of game you are making ( dialog in an rpg , for example ) . the last stage is bugfixing and lasts until you release the game . bugs reduce the quality of the game . if you want the best quality game , you should fix all the bugs . also during the last stage , tech and design points will continue to be added at a low rate ( even after the bugs are fixed ) . this also increases game quality , but it is not a very effective use of time . the optimum strategy over many games may not involve fixing all the bugs . stage length by game size ( d = day , 4d = 1 week ) : Size Prep 1 2 3 Bugs Small 3d 8d 8d 8d ? Medium 4d 13d 13d 13d ? Large 6d 18d 18d 18d ? AAA 9d 34d 34d 34d ? 
you are over-analyzing . there is no extra bonus content to be found in going through the doors in a specific order . i finally went through and got to this level , and then went through all the doors in every possible sequence . nothing special happened . not sure why it was designed like this , though . maybe to give some extra variety to the game ? i would have to get in touch with the developers .
no . there is no legitimate ( ethically acceptable ) way of changing the game to select more than 12 units . mainly because mods in brood war are not like minecraft mods , it does not just make the game more fun , it potentially ( in this case , definitely ) gives you an unfair advantage over your opponent . as a long time brood war player , i entreat you to avoid using these methods and enjoy the game 's imperfect beauty . but this may quench your thirst if you are not picky about experiencing the pure , true brood war . starcraft 2 - brood war remake
without skills you can only place one tower with one level 1 gem . with this its hard to kill even the first wave . use the field c8 , create a tower near mana shards . the tower should kill few monsters from first wave and before the rest comes ( build walls so the monsters have the longest path to your tower ) you should have harvested enough mana to upgrade the first gem . when you can afford it build the second tower that can help kill monsters and harvest other mana shards . when you clear one from four mana shards in a group build a tower on the cleared spot . that gives you four towers which will harvest all of mana and should kill all the monsters . watch out for the giants - focus on one gem for maximum damage , the rest is only for swarm waves . yol strategy requires to much mana - i used pure lime . you could mix in just a little blue for extra damage but use of slow is negligible .
maxwell is the boy with the red cap , not the farmer . the instructions seem a little ambiguous there ( and slightly incorrect ) , but you are just supposed to use it " yourself " .
in starcraft 2 , if playing on windows , ctrl + alt + f should show you your fps . on a mac , ctrl + option + f . it should appear in the upper left hand corner .
yes , while you are in state of gunzerking your entire ammo stock for all weapon types except rockets will regenerate regardless of which weapon types you currently have equiped or drawn out . source : personal experience and tests
heavies are your primary damage dealers . their exclusive heavy weapons are simply better than the corresponding assault rifle of each weapon tier . they carry a rocket launcher , which allows them once per mission to cause damage to multiple targets ( on the highest level they can learn an ability to do it twice ) . their rocket launchers always hit and always do the same amount of damage , so this is a very reliable ability . most of their abilities further increase the amount of damage they can inflict . their bullet storm skill ( which is learned very early ) allows them to fire twice per round when they do not move . measured in pure damage potential , this ability is more effective than the rapid fire ability of the assault ( which can not be used on two different targets and which has an aim penalty ) and the double tap ability of the sniper ( which only works when the first shot was a hit ) . by the way : it also allows them to shoot once and then move out of the line-of-sight in the same round .
here 's my aggregated understanding of panic changes . there is still a good bit of uncertainty on some of the more rare cases . please edit this post if you have more detailed or more correct information ! also feel free to fix my crappy formatting . reducing panic successfully assault a ufo landing site or crash site -2 panic in the nation the ufo landed/crashed in complete a council mission ( vip escort , bomb defuse , etc ) -1 panic in all nations in all continents ? this seems to vary occasionally and may even be random . if it were random i would guess it is a panic reduction between 0 and 2 for each nation complete a major combat mission objective ( i.e. . assault the alien base ) -2 panic in all nations in all continents this may be different for other mission objectives build a satellite over a nation -2 panic in the associated nation ( -3 or even -4 if the nation specifically requested a satellite ) successfully stop a terror attack -2 panic in all nations on the continent the terror attack occurred in mixed panic response successfully respond to an abduction ( the 3-choice scenario that happens frequently ) -2 panic in the nation you responded to no panic change in other nations in the continent you responded to +1 panic in every nation in the continents which had an abduction you did not respond to in some cases , i have seen +2 panic in the specific nations that i did not respond to instead of just +1 . i think this may depend on either a ) the intensity of the attack or b ) the panic level before the abduction took place . increase panic fail to stop a terror attack +1 ( or 2 ? ) panic in all nations on the continent which was attacked the attacked nation leaves the xcom funding council instantly fail any other type of mission i have not actually had this happen yet , but at the least it has no benefit and probably increases panic further than just ignoring the mission would have . i believe there are slight variations in a lot of these , and panic may even go up somewhat randomly in individual nations which were not attacked . my justification for this is that i often have individual nations which have not been targeted by specific activity being at a higher panic level than the other nations on their continent . many of the events above are not directly under the player 's control . the things that the player can affect are : when and in what nations you build satellites . it is actually " wasteful " on potential panic reduction to put up a satellite in a nation with less than 3 panic . consider this carefully . you may be better off waiting until near the end of the month to put up satellites . unless you are finishing coverage on a continent , you do not get any immediate benefit , and unless you fail a mission a nation will not leave the council ( they leave if the report comes in and they are at 5 panic ) . a nation that is at panic level 3+ might end up getting attacked , and you can reduce its panic level by responding to it . if you had already put the satellite down you have lost that opportunity . you have to aggressively go after engineers and satellite uplinks to have enough satellites to keep everyone calm . putting your hq in africa for the 30% funding bonus helps in this . funding from an affluent nation like the united states can provide as much as $120 more than the poorer nations , which is the cost of two satellites , so keep it in mind . when you do major combat missions like the alien base assault seems advisable to save these for when you can really get a lot of use out of the panic reduction . obviously you have to have gone through the main mission objectives to get to this point at all , which can be challenging as you are focusing on satellites . which nation you respond to when abductions happen can be a tough choice . engineers are really important . money is too . and panic rises in the two continents you do not respond to . scientists and new soldiers are almost certainly bad choices in the first few months of the game .
my character is female , but i am pretty sure i found the same facial option that you are currently using . you need to go to Make-Up , then under that heading , go to Items . it looks like you have got the " busted nose " option on right now . simply switch it to " nothing " and you should be cleaned up nicely !
the minecraft wiki article on spawning is a good start . specifically ; every world has a " spawn point " ( really , an area ) located within a few hundred blocks of the origin ( 0x , 0y , 0z ) . this point is stored in the level . dat file 's spawnx , spawny , spawnz attributes ( although spawny seems to be ignored ) . if the spawn point is deemed unacceptable , a new , temporary spawn point will be selected ( although the criteria for " unacceptable " is unknown ) . so you always spawn " somewhere " near the center of the map ( 0,0 ) . generally the game will try to spawn you on a sand tile near water ( the " washed ashore " effect ) . so , if you always load the same seed , then the algorithm should always plop you down in the same spot that is " close to " the center of the map . the rules for multiplayer are somewhat different however , and the article is worth the read on that aspect .
as usual angry bird 's nest has a guide golden egg #4 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of poached eggs . the angry birds soundboard is the first of the puzzle levels . heres what you need to do to unlock the star . press the group of birds , slingshot , tnt , any top bird , and finally any bottom pig . there is also two similar levels you could be referring to : golden egg #12 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of danger above . the second soundboard puzzle level is all about the birds and their beautiful harmonies . to get the star press blue bird , red bird , black bird ( with eyes closed ) , blue bird , then finally the green bird . golden egg #17 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of the big setup . to get the star first fill in all the pigs then tap big brother so he opens his eyes . now drag him to all the way to the right . no . 17 was originally broken on the android version , i believe , but doing the above has worked for a while now .
up to three controllers work fine , but the game crashes with the fourth one . it seems that the game does not support four controllers .
the classes available in the arena , as well as the cards available when constructing your deck , are both entirely random . once you " buy-in " to the arena , you are locked to those options until you win 12 times , lose 3 times , or retire . your status in the arena is otherwise saved in perpetuum .
there has been some discussion about this on the swtor forums and from what ive been able to tell this feature does not presently exist . from what ive found aswell it doesnt appear that this is something thats currently on the block for addition to the game . however , id expect that at some point it possibly does get added if possible . i dont remeber seeing it in the options for the game either personally . however when i get on this evening ill verify that and update this response should there be an option for it i somehow missed aswell . sorry . . . .
no . the pc version is the only one available in europe that is not censored in all of it , but that would require buying it again as well as having a pc capable of running it . on pc , censorship only applies in germany and austria in europe -- and then , apparently only in relation to the removal of nazi-themed symbolism . the us and eu psn stores are entirely separate .
water will not work , sorry . . they will either die or tp away depending on existing damage . but what is stopping you from going with the vine method ? i know it can get a little tedious making all those circles , but it is totally worth it . also gotta have sticky pistons . . it is a little lengthy but it is amazing . you can get to 50 in about 5-10 minutes . basically , sticky pistons with a block on the end and pressure plates will push enderman off platforms down a circular ring that is bridged with 4 spaced " rings " that have vines on them . the vines , in turn reset the fall speed until they fall down into the next level
some mods or software that you could use to increase performance : ctd and memory patch enboost have you tired from ctds when your game is heavily modded ? unable to install hd texture packs without ctds or travel in the world very fast ? this patch fixes the problem and also brings you higher performance even without memory fixes enabled . this is not a graphic modification , so feel free to use with vanilla game . this will not degrade quality in any way to increase performance . unofficial skyrim patch - a comprehensive bugfixing mod ; also contains a " savegame debloatifier " feature that may help improve performance skyrim performance plus - installing it will give little ( unnoticeable ) graphics degradation , while certain cpu-intensive effects ( falling rain , snow , leaves , etc . ) are underway injectsmaa - like fxaa , but looks and performs better ( disable fxaa if using this ; if using enbseries , use the ' proxylibrary ' . ini setting to also use injectsmaa with enbseries ) skyrim project optimization [ uses ] a feature called occlusion culling , where [ it ] manually puts occlusion planes in some spots of the interiors to improve performance . what these occlusion planes do is unrender parts of the cell/objects/npcs that are not being seen by the player , in most cases behind a wall or above/below floors ( occluded ) . if less things are being draw on-screen at the same time , it means your hardware is using less processing power to achieve the same thing , and it automatically converts in better performance . these mods will increase performance , depending on a computer 's specs , but will degrade graphics : colorful lights - no shadows - more fps if your computer spec lurks somewhere near or below the edge of the recommended minimum system requirements you have probably noticed that the option to disable shadows is not offered in the launcher , and consequently may have noticed that the low quality shadow settings look like garbage . if you scratched a little deeper you probably tried disabling shadows by changing the commonly recommended ini values and were disappointed to find everything had turned dark and colorless . the vanilla shadow options amount to menu choices between a garbled blocky flickering striped mess and a beautiful slide show , or editing the ini to induce a global dungeon vibe . this mod offers a alternative that i think strikes a nice balance between eye candy and system performance by removing most of the system-hog shadows . everything will still be shaded to create the static , nice-looking shadows and colorful lights that utilize relatively little system resources . the shadows that are removed by this are the dynamically-rendered flickering shadows , commonly found near flames . bethesda hd textures redux this is a cut down version of bethesda hd texture pack for skyrim . it aims at improving skyrim visuals while , at the same time , allowing pc users with old systems to benefit from higher resolution textures . interior and dungeon fog remover removes fog in dungeons and indoor locations ; use this if getting low performance in these areas . replaces most default " fog " meshes with blank ones . several people have commented saying they are getting better performance in specific areas , so if you notice unusual performance drops in the presence of fog , this might help you . hialgoboost fps performance accelerator hialgoboost dynamically modifies internal rendering resolution in order to increase frame rate , and utilizes various additional approaches to make the game more responsive and smoothly controllable . it does not affect game contents .
take a look here : http://maps.cs-bg.info/maps/cs/he/ ( cs 1.6 ) http://www.gamebanana.com/maps/search?search=grenade ( cs 1.6 + css ) or just search " he_" maps with google or something .
use sc2gears to analyze your own replays . you can do a search filter on 1v1 " automm " game types and do a multi-rep analysis which gives you all the statistics and graphs you could wish for , including win/loss/ratio . i think this illustrates why it is important to keep all of your replays : battle .netis not an open data source ; they can show / hide anything any time they want . to see un-tampered-with analysis of your games , your replay archive is the best source . it is too bad sites like http://sc2ranks.com will also hide the losses ; they should theoretically be able to deduce your loss count from your recent games played even though battle .netdoes not give that metric explicitly . i guess it is not 100% guaranteed accurate . . . [ update ] more of a commentary to your question : as far as " am i doing well ? " honestly your win/loss ratio is of little use , because battle .nettries to match you with equally ranked players ( thus trying to keep your ratio ~50% no matter your skill level ) . if you are improving faster than your moving mmr rating is rising , the ratio will theoretically go up , but that is only in theory . bnet could just as easily randomly pair you with 10 favored opponents you will lose to . another reason why win/loss ratio is a bad metric to judge improvement : part of getting better is to focus on the things you are bad at , which means during practice you will not win as often . as most of us " practice " on the ladder itself , our win/loss ratio would inaccurately imply that the more you practice , the worse you are .
one slime is generated for free once every 10 minutes .
there is an icon devoted to it in the featured tab in the app store . while that may disappear in the future , you can also find a section under hot new games . judging by how long made for ios 4 has lasted under hot new games , this is likely where you will always want to look for game center -enabled games .
i am told : 7 am est ( with weeklies resetting tuesday ) . further more , it is my understanding this is universal ( 6 am cst , 1 pm cet ) .
by " combat " , they mean man-to-man combat , not ship-to-ship combat . basically , mantes make good raiding parties or security guards .
if you want to play cs:go with friends , they will each need to purchase their own copy . you can be logged into steam with the same account on multiple computers , but only one can play multiplayer at a time . the others will be in " offline mode . "
according to the cloud in a bottle page : this item can stack with the blizzard in a bottle , and sandstorm in a bottle , for a triple , or even quadruple jump . there are , however , some slight differences for the blizzard and sandstorm . unlike the cloud in a bottle , the blizzard in a bottle possesses an ' air drag ' double jump feature which works slightly similarly to a pair of rocket boots and/or wings . the player can gain more hang time and control with their jump for a short period of time by holding down the jump button . however , when the double jump is exhausted and the player does not ' drag ' their jump , the player cannot continue the ' air drag ' as they descend . blizzard in a bottle can be found in ice chests , in the ice underground underground biome . the sandstorm in a bottle is very similar to the cloud in a bottle , but instead of a cloud beneath your feet , a sand jet appears and the character spins as they ascend on that jet . due to this , the sandstorm in a bottle allows for jumps that are nearly twice as high as the cloud in a bottle . furthermore , each of these can be made into its own distinct cloud/blizzard/sandstorm in a balloon . these three balloons can then be combined into the bundle of balloons which condenses your quadruple jump into a single item .
the wonderful thing about virtual machines is that they are " virtually " identical to real machines . assuming the host is a powerful enough computer , there should be no problems . however if you run it alongside other virtual machines you may run into the obvious problems such as bandwidth starvation ( if multiple machines share one network adapter ) or cpu starvation ( as they all share one machine 's cpu ( s ) ) . there should be no problems that are unique to the fact that it is a virtual machine , though !
relays are always linked to the closest powersource ( powered relay or powerstation ) and if they lose that connection ( i.e. . powerstation or relay got destroyed ) they look for other powersources to connect to . the connection is not " lost " , it is just not maintained because it is not neccessary . they will always only connect to one powersource at a time , which explains your image where the powerstation is closer to the relay than the other relay . if you would sell the powerstation , the relay would connect to the other relay again . sidenote : if a relay is connected to a powerstation ( including via other relays ) it is always powered , which means you do not need a connection to your base to power forward buildings , just a connection to a powerstation .
i usually do not answer my own question , but in this case i have to i guess . i am running minecraft pre-release 12w36a and i can confirm that you can cure infected villagers spawned from dungeon zombie spawners in survival mode . i had a zombie spawner underneath my base that i never destroyed , i am glad i kept it . i set up a small killing device for killing the unwanted zombies , and waited for a infected villager . in my case it spawned one every 30 zombies or so . when i got one i used a splash potion of weakness ( water bottle + fermented spider eye + gunpowder ) . as soon as i threw it i got my golden apple in my hand , and just right-clicked the villager . at this point he started shaking . while he was shaking , i waited around . about 5 minutes later he turned into a normal villager . at this point i wanted to know if he would despawn , so i went exploring in my world , slept for a few days , and went to the nether a few times . when i came back he was still standing there , which was great . i do not know if this will stay in the game . i will update the game once in a while to see if it still works in the snapshots . for now i will work on setting up my village , i am glad i do not have to build the 1000+ block railway anymore . i can confirm this works in 1.4.2 , see the video in the question for more details .
you are correct on all three questions . i think one point is that you get all of that stuff in the same place , and with multiple chests you can organize stuff more . for example , i have a smithing cabinet and an equipment chest . also , your house is usually more conveniently located than wherever the alchemy lab and enchanting table happen to be in a given city . the other thing you get is some weapon racks ( 2 in the house in whiterun ) and armor stands ( 0 in whiterun , unfortunately ) . these let you display weapons and armor , which is a nice little point of customization . i have the sanguine rose sitting in mine , and it looks pretty neat . so no , you do not really get anything new beyond the first container ( which is valuable because your stuff will not grow legs while it is in there ) . so what are the upgrades for ? completionists , mostly . i might not get every house , but i plan to fully upgrade the ones i do , because they look nice . ( also , some of the upgrades to later houses get you , for example , a cabinet full of good potions , iirc . ) the house upgrades are what an mmo player might call a " gold sink " , and after all you will end up with quite a bit of it .
sometimes the /reload input will sometimes basically " refresh " your game . which may include reconnecting you to battle .net. mainly used for ui resetting but i have found that it does re-log your chat . so it would be worth a shot in your situation .
the value in your inventory is the worth of the item . vendors will give you a percentage of that value based on your speechcraft skill and other factors . likewise they will sell it for a multiple of that value . specifically the price is : sell price = [ value of item ] / [ 3.3 - ( 1.3 * [ speech skill ] /100 ) ] * [ ( 1 + haggling % ) * ( 1 + allure % ) * ( 1 + fortify barter from potion ) * ( 1 + the sum of fortify barter from equipment + fortify barter from blessing of zenithar ) from the uesp wiki .
axe 's culling blade is the only ability that kills through shallow grave . techies is also capable of killing themselves when under the effect of shallow grave by using suicide . the shallow grave ability is also not able to be purged , so there is zero worry other than that . some spells will poison/affect you for longer than the 5 seconds that shallow grave lasts and thus may kill you as the effect ends if you are not careful .
no , as stated in the faq on the introversion forums , the uplink bank is not hackable . q : how can i hack the uplink bank ? a : you do not . you need a voice sample from the admin - and , as you can see , there is no admin . i can only assume this has been done for storyline reasons , the same reason the for the missing stuff in one of the secret missions , to potect your bank account , and your person . remember , there are other uplink agent out there , and if that information was known , you , the player , could be a target of those agents .
here 's a summary of what it does : " doing the eraser trick is very easy , you only need two or more science vessels with irradiate researched . to do the trick , simply have your two science vessels irradiate each other , and fly them over or near the units you wish to kill . since science vessels are not biological units , irradiate has no effect on them ; however , irradiate 's splash damage hurts surrounding biological units . " taken from http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/science_vessel_eraser
as the wiki entry you linked explains , every time an opponent reduces your life to 0 you go down and have a bar that shows your remaining consciousness which gets lowered by time and attacks and increased if you get revived or call for help ( the 4th skill ) . if you get revived or manage to call for help long enough , you get back into the fight . if it is empty , you are completely dead and can only get revived by another player or respawn at a teleport point . the starting consciousness gets reduced by the death penalty . white means you start at 75% , yellow 50% , orange 25% and with red you die immediately , no call for help or rock throwing possible .
i figured out what was happening when i unplugged it that effectively throttled the cpu , go to : control panel -> power options -> edit plan settings -> change advanced power settings look for " processor power management " and you can edit the settings from there . it would be nice if there was a quicker/hotkey way to do this though , as i do not like to have to keep digging back into the control panel .
i have found that if you attack some one and they survive the first hit , they some how telepathically tell the guards , at least in towns . a " stealth kill " is really any situation where you one-hit kill someone and no-one sees . this is normally done while sneaking as you will get the damage multipliers ( i think its x2 for bows and x3 for melee without perks ) which make it a lot easier to do . it is 3x for bows , 6x for one handed , 15x for daggers , and 2x for anything else with the relevant perks ( deadly aim , backstab , assassin 's blade )
a more accurate description of this achievement would be : get the clock on your phone 's stat screen and on the save game list to read more than 30 hours . i stopped playing at 29 hours 50 minutes or so and loaded a new game , waited 10 minutes , and nothing happened . i also loaded an older save on my " main " game and it did not pop there either . the only thing that unlocked it was when the clock on the phone rolled over past 30 . note that this means that any time during which the game is paused does not count towards this . co-op time does though .
" reverse pickpocketing a poison using the poisoned perk does not count as a crime , even if the magical effect of the poison ( e . g . " damage health" ) would otherwise be considered a criminal act if applied any other way . this makes it entirely possible to kill or weaken innocent enemies , right in front of everyone , without incurring a bounty . " no , successfully planting enough poison on your target to kill him/her will not create a bounty . if you fail in your attempt to reverse-pickpocket a poison onto the target , you will receive a bounty . furthermore , if you successfully plant poison on the target , but not enough to kill them , they may hire thugs to come after you . this will not put a bounty on your character .
the chance of " stunning " an enemy is called " pain chance " . each monster has a certain chance that they will enter a " pain state " , in which they flinch and stop moving and attacking , each time they are damaged . this chance is fixed , regardless of how much damage is inflicted , and depends only on the type of monster that was hit . for example , lost souls always flinch ; pinkies flinch around 70% of the time ; and the cyberdemon flinches about 8% of the time . each projectile fired by a weapon triggers a separate roll for pain chance , so rapid-fire weapons ( like the chaingun , plasma gun , and chainsaw ) have the most chance to inflict pain state . the shotguns also roll separately for each pellet , so they are effective as well . weapons firing a single projectile , like the pistol , rocket launcher , and fists , only roll once , so a pain state is much less likely . ( the bfg does damage on impact , plus additional damage with " tracers " that are cast from the player 's position in the direction the bfg was fired . enemies in the path of these tracers tend to get hit multiple times and frequently flinch as well . ) sources : http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/pain_state and http://doom.wikia.com/wiki/bfg9000
just delete the clientregistry.blob in your steam folder and nothing else , then launch steam . steam will just make a new clientregistry.blob .
i found a way to move my hi-hat farther left without having to move either blue or green over to the left-hand side ( which was driving me crazy ) . however , this will only work if you have an extra rb drum kit around to cannibalize . ( since the pieces of my rb1 kit turned out to be compatible , i assume an rb2 kit would be , but i do not know . ) i removed the long clamp from between the blue and green cymbals . then i took the yellow cymbal and its pole out of their clamp , replacing that pole with one leg ( both the post and the foot ) of my old rb1 drums . finally , using the long clamp , i attached the yellow cymbal and its pole sticking out to the left of the rb1 pole . here 's the back of the left-hand side ; the yellow cymbal is just above the picture frame . note the two ' nested ' feet at the bottom . here 's the back of the right-hand side . at first it was unchanged except for the removal of the cross-brace clamp ; then i realized i could use the other leg of my old drums to stabilize the post of the green cymbal , which was wobbling without the cross-brace : there is nothing attaching the green cymbal 's post to the leg ; i just adjusted the extra leg 's height to sliiiightly higher than the bottom of the green post , so that when i nestled the base of the green post into the open upper end of the extra leg , the extra leg would take some of the weight . here 's a drummer 's-eye view of the result :
there is not any . there is no way around the recycle time limit that will not get you banned fairly quickly . i tend to just blindly recycle ( and watch the phone screen from the corner of my eye ) while i am reading or watching a video or something . you can drop items reasonably quickly if your phone is fast enough ; my trick is to hover the right middle finger above ops , the left thumb over the screen center , and the right thumb over drop . then touch the three in sequence , with just the right speed . unfortunately , that leaves them around for the opposition to use  so maybe you had rather recycle , and use the resulting xm for recharging  ?
while most actions in multiplayer increase your readiness rating from the base 50% , promoting a character in multiplayer adds 75 to your war assets , permanently . you do not gain permanent readiness rating from this action , however . when you multiply your war assets by your readiness rating , you end up with your effective military strength , which is really the number that matters when the game determines which variant of the endings will be available .
i generally prefer gun builds when i go ranged for new vegas , mostly because of this beast of a gun : anti material rifle anti material rifle ( gra dlc ) its high damage/attack means i can pretty much 1 shot anything in the game , including all the difficult dlc zones like lonesome road . for the more difficult enemies , i will use the hand loaded ammo to go with the shot . the only drawback is that if you are playing on hardcore , the ammo is extremely heavy and scarce . since most of my fights tend to happen at extreme range where vats is not as useful , i tend to focus more on crit and damage with my perks : black widow/lady killer for 10% damage to opposing sex cherchez la femme/confirmed bachelor for 10% damage to same sex bloody mess ( 5% damage ) , note some people does not like this for the gibbing effect hand loader for the awesome hand loaded ammo that does tons of damage finesse for more crit chance ( this is only useful if you are spotted ) better criticals for even more damage when hitting for criticals living anatomy for bonus damage and to see if a target is armored or not ( so you can swap from incendiary ammo to ap ammo ) robotics expert to kill them faster . sentry robots are annoying . and some more generally useful skills : silent running to help boost your sneak , which is extremely important . jury rigging so you can repair your guns more easily weapon handling to help you lower the str requirement for the rifle . strong back to carry that extra ammo/gun around pack rat to drastically reduce ammo weight sniper , for those situations where you are too close and have to hit the head to kill someone , then you can still have vats to fall back on . also , remember you need high luck to boost your critical chance , but there are items in the game that permenantly improve luck . lucky shades , naughty nightware ( though i do not recommend you wear this in combat :p ) , and the +1 luck implant can be found in the base game and there are dlc items that boost luck as well .
here 's the footprint of the mine 's placement , per banished-wiki : legend : tile - green arrow : the front of the mine . you can place a path here . tile - green space : this land must be relatively flat . tile - brown space : this land must be part of the mountainside . as of this posting there is no terrain editor and the game is pretty good about telling you where you can and place structures ( as you have indicated ) , so it may just be the case that you will not be able to use that location . is this a lone , done-shaped mountain you have found ? in my experience , i have had trouble with these ( unless they are sufficiently large ) as well as mountain ridges with a very convex outline . try finding a relatively linear mountainside instead ?
why do not you save your game and then spend your perks on different trees to see what combination works better for you . there is no point going all that way as a battlemage to start learning archery now ( unless your at a high archery level already ) using silent magic for the dark brotherhood will be dam good work , and for the thieves guild , you wont really be fighting at all ( opinion ) due to stealing most of the time . but it is rightfully your choice in the end , the light armour tree works very well for almost all others , with better perks going up to the weightlessness of it eventually , now , choosing alteration , whether your a thief or not does not really matter , or maybe it does to you , but you initially need to activate that , whereas the armour you do not . but just look at the tree , at the perks , and have a hard think , think about everything you do , how it will help in any and all situations , think about light armour too , then you will finally see which one will be worth it more . that is what helps me , thinking far in advance and how i will use those perks , i hope any of this helps you out friend rob
current as of retail 1.1 okay so the key mechanic that broke the traditional waterfall elevator was that boats no longer travel upward in a waterfall . however , boats will move rapidly upward in source blocks . so what is a source block ? a source block ( also known as " still water" ) is water that is created during map creation or placed with a bucket . water that " flows " from this block is informally known as moving water . so in order to create a modern boat elevator , we need to create a shaft of only source blocks . here is my construction . 1: i created a canal with a glass wall and an " entranceway " fitted with signs . these signs prevent water from flowing past them but still allow boats through . 2: i build up a second layer of glass walls around my new shaft . then i flood this layer with water . note that i have to fill each of the four blocks in this layer of the shaft with water from the bucket - these are now all source blocks . notice how none of them are moving . if the water is moving , you need to add more hits from your bucket . 3: i keep adding glass layers and each time i do , i add a layer of source water . 4: here i have added a spillway at the top where the boat can float after it has risen up the shaft . you can download this world here : http://reactor.tophatandmonocle.com/boatlift.zip
quake3world has an extensive guide to how armour and health work : when you are shot , quake3 applies 2/3 of total damage to armor . . . , then the rest is taken off health . if your armor is insufficient to cover the ' debt ' the leftover damage comes from your health so when you take damage it takes 2/3 of the total and applies it to your armour . it then takes the remaining 1/3 plus any left over if your armour was totally destroyed and applies that to your health . if that takes your health to below 0 , you die . for example , if you have 100 health and 20 armour you can take 120 damage before you die ; if you have 100 armour and 20 health , however , 60 damage is enough to frag you - 2/3 of 60 is 40 which comes off your 100 armour but that still leaves 20 damage to come off your health . as that is only at 20 you die . the function of armour is to reduce the amount of health you lose when you get shot etc . in terms of benefit any armour is better than none , and the stronger your armour the better as it means that none of the 2/3 " armour " damage will get applied to your health .
you have to select it from the " known recipes " tab for it to work , , and you have to have a flame source and a torch , , if you just put the ingredients in the box with no recipe selection it just breaks the torch apart . . .
i have played the game and looked through the wiki , there is no use that i have seen for the miscellaneous items that you gather from loot chests and dead bodies . the names for everything is just filler , make the player feel a sense of pride when he picks up a diamond or smartphone . the only quest items you will gather would be herbs and leather , occasionally some other item that you can only get while performing the quest .
ok , heres the heads-up . i am a wotlk player ( patch 3.3.5a ) , and i swear by carbonite too . quest helper is mostly just a tiny little arrow pointing you in the direction that your quest target is in , but does not take into account that there may be multiple zones where you can finish your quest . carbonite , on the other hand , tracks your quests on a interactive minimap , zones out all the locations in color , points you in the right direction , and even warns you when enemy players are abound . it also contains a list of quests that needs to be completed in a handy little box . downside is , playing the game without either addons named above is the best way to learn and to use your quest log and map . so this is really a question of " what is your flavour ? "
yes it is an fps problem and yes , there is a fix - limiting your fps . several sites will direct you to information such as this which will corroborate that this is caused by the fps . it is prevalent with any small objects and even small animals . the swimming is likely because someone 's physics mesh has passed through something else and they think that they are swimming . reducing fps should resolve this issue as the objects and their physics meshes should be more in sync when their positions and collisions are calculated - there is probably more to it than that , but this covers the general idea of why your world seems to be exploding at the opening of a door .
when you activate the teleportato in sandbox mode , you will receive xp for the days that you have survived and be able to change characters . going through the teleportato will keep your current inventory and all of your prototypes . this new world is only going to be different geographically . the monsters have the same hp and attack power ; they will behave in the same way as you would find them in your first world . you are just generating a new world to exploit explore ! sources : klei forums , steam user forums , personal gameplay .
here 's the ( quite short ) complete list : curse of darkness : this was quite obvious , it does not let you see the minimap . curse of the labyrinth : creates a double level , actually merging two layers of the basement . instead of basement ( or depths , caves . . . ) 1 and 2 you get basement ( or depths , caves . . . ) xl . if the basement/cellar levels are merged this way , both treasure rooms will be locked . also you get only one shop and one of each secret room . some rooms of the level may be connected to the rest through the secret room only , so be careful , since getting trapped with no bombs to get out means that you have to end your run prematurely . curse of the lost : makes the current level bigger by one size category . basement becomes the size of the caves , caves of depths , and so on . a little example with images : tipical basement layout : with curse of the lost : images taken from the wiki . also , i managed to play some games pre-"everything 's terrible ! " and i did not get any curse on any level . even if the sample was small ( 10-12 games ) , i can say that the chances are at least slim , if not non-existent , for curses to appear before getting the " everything 's terrible ! " achievement .
i realize you said " no mods " but what about making one yourself ? you could use the geck : http://fallout.bethsoft.com/eng/downloads/geck.php there is a way to edit attributes of npcs : http://geck.bethsoft.com/index.php/category:npc then you would save your mod as an esp and it would not break achievements .
edit : i neglected to ask if you are on a pc , or a console . ps3 console suggestion at the bottom ( i am not very familiar with xbox ) . pc -- assuming that you are using steam on the pc , you can try verifying and repairing the locally installed files . fire up steam locate skyrim in your games list right click on the game name and select properties click the local files tab click " verify integrity of the game cache . . . " if this does not help you , you could also try checking for errors on your hard disk using scan disk , in the event that you have some file corruption . this may or may not recover the damaged files but it is worth a shot . there are two ways to access scan disk . i am going to assume that you are using windows 7 and that your save files are on the c : drive , if not , enter the drive letter that the files are on . steps will vary slightly for windows xp / vista . via command prompt : click start and type : cmd type : chkdsk c : /r windows will ask you if you want to run check disk on the next book , type : y reboot via windows explorer : open computer right-click on the c : drive and choose properties click the tools tab under error-checking , click " check now . . . " check both boxes and click start windows will prompt you to schedule the disk check , click the button already reboot ps3 -- suggestions via bethesda forums : restore file system . attempts to repair all areas on the hard disk drive where files can be saved . corrupted data may be erased , which can help performance . if you choose not to enter safe mode , you can manually delete corrupted saves within the xmb menu . go to games> saved game utility . within the menu , delete any corrupted save files . these files can be created from skyrim and other games when a game doesnt save properly ( shutting down the console before an autosave completes , etc ) . rebuild database . will help with memory fragmentation on the ps3 hdd . note : using rebuild database will erase messages , playlists , changes made on information screens , trimming information for pictures in photo , video thumbnails , video playback history and video resume information . the content that is erased will not be recoverable .
i found the solution , which is not quite obvious . the short version , install the jawood patch . the long version , jawood once bought the distributionsrights , but was not authorized ( german ) . however , they mixed a patched version with unpatched files , therefore such issues like mine described above happens . luckily a patch exists .
regardless of your interactions with granny rags , slackjaw will offer you the non-lethal way of dealing with the twins . his dialog changes somewhat , but otherwise the quest is exactly the same . i ran this both ways - one run through the game i helped granny rags , and in the other i avoided her altogether . both times i non-lethally dealt with the twins with slackjaw 's help . if you have not poisoned slackjaw 's elixir machine , though , you can use it when you return to his hideout later . if you bypass granny rags altogether : you will also skip the quest towards the end of the game where you have to either assist slackjaw from escaping granny rags or assist granny rags with slackjaw . the gate you had normally need to find the key to is simply unlocked - there is no reason to go to granny rags ' hideout .
you appear to misunderstand how universities work . universities have four classes a day : 6:00am , 9:00am , 12:00pm , and 3:00pm . at each of these times , any students in class will leave , and a call for more students will be put out . over the course of these four classes , the university counts how many students it gets total for the day , which apparently in your case is 1600 . at any one time , you can have a maximum of 800 students , hence the 800/800 number you see . after the " total students today " counter gets to a certain amount , you can upgrade the university so you can place down a new sub-school . each new sub-school increases how many students can be in class at once ; this is how you increase the university 's capacity . there is no real point to having two separate universities . only grade schools and high schools use school bus stops . college and university students do not take school buses , they walk , drive , or use public transit . if you do not have streetcars , do not bother upgrading to streetcar avenues , they are identical to high-density avenues aside from the streetcar tracks . i can even see by your screenshots you have added a ton of dormitories , but no sub-schools . this is your problem : you need to increase how many desks are open at once by using the university 's upgrades to place sub-schools . it is like a specialization hq ; you can upgrade it all you want , but you do not get any benefit until you put the extensions down .
the super battle maison battles are the best because of the least downtime , assuming you can somewhat consistently beat them up to and beyond round 20 . doing the regular battle maison fights will require you to start over repeatedly , and half the fights will only earn you a single bp . in super battles you will earn 2 points for the first 10 rounds then 1 extra bp per round after the next 10 rounds , up to a maximum of 7 after 51 rounds . due to the battle maison characters quite literally cheating it can be hard to keep up that momentum though . it does somewhat depend how far you can go ; if the regular battles are easy but you die in the first 10 or so battles of super battle maison , it is better to do regular battles just for the consistent earn and the 20 bp payout at the ( relatively easy ) battle chatelaine fight at round 20 . 20 rounds of normal battle earn you 48 bp thanks to the 20 bp bonus , you will only come out ahead in super battles after round 20 , but after that it is a solidly better earn rate . however if you lose the 20th round in normal battles , you lose almost half your possible earn . battle institute is just . . . bad , unless there is some insane payout for doing perfectly somehow . i have found it pretty pointless myself , but i can not find the exact payouts in order to completely disprove it . i just know that winning all rounds handily still is not quite enough for it to be faster than super battles in battle maison .
you can use the code below to display the lasers ( in their correct color ) and also give your phone the ability to change your color . as you move , use Q to cycle through your colors until you can pass through the lasers . cycle goes : ( green -> ) red -> yellow -> teal -> red
for one day , there was a bug where mystic cogs suffered from dungeon diminishing returns . i.e. , if you completed another dungeon , then ran tixx 's dungeon , you would get less than 200 mystic cogs . as far as i am aware , this was anet 's ' fix ' for those adversely affected , so that everyone has enough mystic cogs to make exactly 2 minis , as 200 extra cogs is not enough for someone not affected by the bug to get another one . to the best of my knowledge , there is no other use for the mystic cogs --- at least , this year !
since you are using a ferrothorn , which does not have access to banned moves ( dark void and sky drop ) and is not banned in random match-making , there are a few possibilities : your ferrothorn is holding a banned item ( only soul dew that i can remember ) , or a duplicate item ( you can only have at most 1 of each item on your team for random matchmaking ) . if this is the case , you will simply need to switch the item the ferrothorn is holding to one that is not banned and that another of your pokemon is not holding . you did not notice a second ferrothorn in your team . you can only use 1 of each species in your team for random match-making . i doubt this is the case , but it is worth mentioning as it is a common enough mistake . to fix this , simply only take 1 ferrothorn , rather than 2 or more . your friend hacked the ferrothorn . the random match-making in bw2 performs a small hack check on each pokemon you are using before allowing you to battle . it is not infallible , but it does catch a lot of stuff . it is quite possible that your friend 's " ev training " was actually just using an action replay to edit values which got picked up by the game 's hack check . to fix this , you should get a new pokemon , as you probably will never be able to get it into random match-making .
it comes down the " top " of the map , i have been struck by lightning at the top of a tall tower before ! i am not sure whether a bedrock level pit would allow you to survive , going to test this now edit : i was in the bottom of my pit mine today and got hit killed by lightning , then immediately thought of this post . -_-
in case anyone wonders , it appears that majesty 2 has different update versions for each expansion . this means that the latest patch version for majesty 2 with no expansions is 1.1.88 , while 1.4.356.0 , is for one of majesty 2 's later expansions .
there is been a massive amount of changes . obviously there are new zones , new battlegrounds , higher level cap , new skills , etc , but i will try to cover the biggest changes as they will probably affect your character : two new classes , death knights and monks . new professions , including inscription which affects every character through the addition of glyphs to modify your own talents and spells . completely redone talents : there are now only 3 talents to pick from for each tier ( and there is a tier every 15 levels ) . this was instituted because a staggeringly high number of talent trees had almost identical builds . these new talents represent the minor variations from the stock builds . specialization ( bm vs mm vs survival ) is now separated out from your talents . there are no longer " bm " talents or " mm " talents . removal of many statistics from items , e.g. attack power , spell power , and the addition of " mastery " . the dungeon finder makes running dungeons infinitely easier for dps , as it is really quite easy to get pick-up groups compared to vanilla and tbc . new raid difficulties : lfr - dungeon finder , but for raids ! flex - anywhere from 10 to 25 man raids . bosses scale to howevery many you have . no more waiting for 2 more dps - it just scales back the boss to make it a fair fight . normal 10 and 25 heroic 10 and 25 ( tougher bosses , better loot ) badges of justice/valor replaced with justice points and valor points . valor points mainly used for upgrading gear . for example , a 528 lfr piece can be upgraded to a 532 for 250 valor points , and again to 536 for 250 more . the ability to raid in pick-up groups quite successfully in each tier . achievements . hunter specific : no ammo ( speaking as a fellow hunter ) ! no more " bow slot " ( librums , totems , idols , wands ) . bows and wands are now actual main hand weapons . so no more agil-staffs or polearms for hunters ! pet talent trees hunters use focus now , very similar to rogues energy .
nope . the two campaigns are independent of each other , with different characters , different ' storylines ' ( although the storyline in co-op does not show through so much ) and different endings .
the issue you are experiencing is called overscan : where parts of the image that your television displays appears to be " cut off " on each side , or bleed outside of the visible area of your tv screen . the behavior is extremely common on crt televisions , but some newer flat-panel tvs/hdtvs perform overscan by default as well , for a few different reasons . however , many modern television models include a menu option somewhere allow you to reduce or eliminate the overscan effect , though it is not uncommon for that setting to be buried fairly deep if it does exist . one bit of good news is that even if your television does not allow you to adjust the overscan , many games include a " screen adjustment " or similarly-titled option in their own settings menus . this will allow you to tell the game what the visible area of your tv screen actually is , so that it will make sure to draw all text and ui elements within the screen area that you can actually see . not all games include this sort of feature , though . you can read more about overscan and why it exists here .
the whole point of a " challenge " is to make it harder on yourself , or to see how much grinding you can skip and win on pure skill alone . here are the things you will absolutely need : autopsy ( unlock arc thrower project ) arc thrower designed and built alien containment built live capture of outsider via arc thrower " interrogation " of outsider to detect alien ground base . destruction of ground base , capturing ethereal comm device sectoid commander autopsy ( unlock psi potential ) build psi lab and start testing soldiers for potential hypercomm research shoot down the overseer ufo ( it might be possible for an interceptor with anti-air missiles to stay in range long enough for a kill if you burn through every single boost you have managed to create from captured alien corpses ; if not , you will need to segue into alien nav comp , alien power source , and new fighter craft to build the firestorm ) research the ethereal device build gollop chamber have one psi-active soldier wearing psi-armor and have them use the chamber complete the temple mission . as to your additional questions : you do not get a game-over until and unless eight countries drop out of the program . of course , losing a country means losing potential income and continent bonus , and by powering through everything as quickly as possible you will likely be critically short on , well , everything , most of the time . you do not need to wait until you have got maxed out soldiers and the best possible gear , but while it is theoretically possible to beat the temple mission with just starting equipment , especially if you have done it before and know what is waiting for you at each juncture , expect it to be brutally hard . you will be up against two sectopods simultaneously in one chamber , for instance . edit come to think of it , i would absolutely recommend playing the slingshot dlc if you have it at all . it nets you a high level soldier and a big chunk of resources very early into the game if you succeed , and potentially lets you bypass a number of dangerous interceptions .
i have scowered tiny death star , and as of version 1.1.2144 it looks like you cannot recycle a floor . the only way to attempt at getting another floor would be to delete the game and start over .
ok , so i had to try this tonight . i could not live with -399 bux ( $15 just to get back to 0 ) . so i reset . you lose everything . does not matter if you paid for the elevator upgrade . and yes i agree it is a free game and i have a great time playing when i have a few free minutes . but when you hit an in game bug that causes you to go negative balance it is quite frustrating . this makes me seriously question playing on a windows phone . if your phone is wiped and you reinstall the app does not have your data and will start over again at zero . so if you play for 6 months and then upgrade your phone . . . start over , no thanks . same on the windows 8 version of tiny death star . on my tablet and laptop i have two different death stars ( dumb ) . it is easy to add a settings sync to the app so all versions of the app have the same data , the fact that they did not do this makes me seriously question spending time in this game . at least the iphone version keeps a backup of your data in icloud so you do not lose all the time you spent on the game .
the first count down is how long until that building has full occupancy . a full building can be tapped to send out a walker . the second count down is how long until that building is finished being built .
well , assuming you start in the top left corner and end in the bottom right corner , the longest possible path will be one that zig/zags along the entire map from north to south or east to west . i wrote the following recursive program for fun to find the longest path and produce an output and it comes out with this solution no matter what size for height , weight you input : note though , this does not mean the longest path is actually an optimal strategy in turret defence type games , because you have to factor in things like tower costs and upgrades . more often than not , the best situation is simply to force units to congregate as much as possible in a kill zone . it gets even more convoluted when you factor in things like slowing towers . here is some sample outputs : @raven dreamer yes , i realize that last edge case , i am unsure why its not doing that last optimization just yet , but i did modify my code to include a movable entrance/exit . here is a sample generation of a middle entrance : i removed my program since i figured out the source of error , i will put up a working version later , but its going to take some rewriting . the answer remains unchanged though , the longest path is not that interesting , but it was a fun programming exercise .
i currently have a fish that is rising rapidly and at 21km . i am just going to let it keep going and see how high it will go . i am assuming this is some kind of bug because it does not seem to be slowing down at all , after the moon are stars , after that the stars get less and less dense and at this point there are no stars i am just in black space . . . . i let it run over night and it was up to 800km before i shot the fish .
i have tried it and somehow experienced the same bug . however i have manage to overcome it by going back and re-entering the particles-field . i have recorded a short demo if you want to watch it here on youtube . beware there is a small spoiler in the video : i have a red gun
the real benefit from the shiv that you had get in normal play ( sans enemy within ) would be a mechanized unit you can bring into battle with you that does not need training and you do not need to worry about getting destroyed ( other then money costs , of course ) . if you are like me , you never want to see your squad members die in combat . you spend a ton of time leveling them up . so when it happens , it feels like you have wasted a few in-game hours by getting one of them killed . a shiv , on the other hand , does not need that type of investment . and i find it is main role comes in what i can not do with my squad members without getting them killed : revealing the map . since your squad members are so valuable , you might be like me and only inch them out a few steps ( this goes along with mec units in enemy within , simply because of how costly those are to train up ) . with a shiv , if you are so concerned and want to reveal an area without getting your assault blasted , you can send in the shiv . sure , you might lose the thing , but since the basic one only costs you around $100 with 0 engineer discount , you could crank out a few and send them out . and since the alloy shiv 's ability to create cover gives you both a mobile defensive position and something else to shoot at aliens with , it is a viable options . granted , i do not think i would use them after i have leveled up a good mec unit , since they can have pretty high mobility with the kinetic strike and they are beefy as well , but it is something cheap that does not cost you a good squad member .
no , not all games are compatible . wikipedia says that the game you mention is mostly playable and can be completed albeit with some difficulty : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_xbox_games_compatible_with_xbox_360
each upgrade reduces the time to start regenerating by 3% , so : no health regen pack : 15.00 s level 1: 14.55 s level 2: 14.10 s level 3: 13.65 s
the strange wrench tracks both kills with wrench and sentry kills . but , the item itself is only effected by kills with the weapon , and the sentry kills are just tracked underneath it , much like stange mediguns ( not kritzkreig ) with their ubercharge being the main counter , and assists being the secondary counter . moving on , you would need the strange part : robots killed on a weapon , but it tracks kills with the weapon , not something it creates ( like a sentry gun ) , as it would track only melee kills . and , seeing that the pda can not get any strange parts on it , there is no way to track sentry kills on mvm robots . note : if you are you using the strange gunslinger , it counts sentry kills as its main , then melee kills as its secondary .
you cannot tell when the other end of a teleporter has been destroyed or picked up by sound alone . the only thing you can do ( besides the kill feed ) is to look at one end of the teleporter and see what level it is . if it was picked up it should stay whatever level it was when picked up ( level 3 , level 2 with 150/200 , etc ) . if the teleporter was destroyed at the other end it will drop to level 1 . there is a small drawback to this : the teleporter could be picked up at level 1 and is currently being moved but you may think it was destroyed .
the amulet of akatosh is a random drop item . some people have reported being able to buy it at radiant raiment in solitude . other sources claim it can be found in a chest aboard the orphan 's tear .
patrick galloway is taken away in a boat by otto keisinger who mysteriously survived their battle in oneiros . keisinger stole patrick 's gel'ziabar stone and left patrick at the shore . how he survived and why he rescued patrick is not detailed , but the game revealed that keisinger desired the gel'ziabar stone and that is why he took it . the ending is a bit of cliff-hanger and there were talks of sequels but the game did not sell to expectations and the plans for a sequel were scrapped .
barbarians and monks cannot equip ranged weapons , so the answer is no .
yes , world of warcraft can run detached from the registry and is considered portable . you can copy the files in the world of warcraft program directory to another computer and it will run right out of the gate . configuration files are also stored in the program directory ( unlike modern games which store them in the user 's home directory ) . it would be a good idea to use the launcher to " reset " world of warcraft 's video settings before launching on a new computer .
first of all , you should not worry too much about taxes . at first , it might look like a lot of money drained , but overall it does not apply to everything you earn ( plus it only applies to sums being bigger than 100k isk ) . instead , you should try to find a corporation that fits your play style . if you are lucky , the corporation taxes will be lower as well ( so it is a win-win ) or you might get something back for your taxes ( help , free modules , cheaper production stuff , etc . ) . if you still think you really have to have mininmal taxes , just create your own corporation ( there is a separated line of skills where you will only need a rather minimalistic set to setup a basic corporation ) .
so the diamond sword was a good start . enchanting is the right way to go , you will want a high level enchantment though , save up your 30 levels and spend them all at once ( it does not take too long to get to 30 ) . make sure you have got one of Smite , Bane of Arthropods or Sharpness . the first two are better , as they deal more damage , but you can still do it with Sharpness . once you have enchanted , find out what your sword can damage most . i.e. if it is got Bane of Arthropods , find a spider . next , maximise your damage by jumping to deal a critical hit . with all these factors you should easily deal 8 hearts of damage . remember that the amount of damage per hit varies , so you may need to whack a few mobs before you get the achievement .
according to this forum post on the official forums it sounds like you have to plant the spores on either a dead enemy or a patch of dirt and wait a few turns . . . . simply you get a rank1 ability to make 2 ' spore ' items at lv1 , you take these spores , click on enemy corpses ( or soil ) wait 3-4 turns and they grow into mushrooms , . . . it does not explicitly say how to do this , but implies you left-click place them on the relevant square ( as with traps ) , and there is enough people there commenting on how useful the mushroom farmer tree is without correcting this statement , so i would imagine it should be correct . i have now tried this in-game , and it is simply a case of left-clicking on a corpse next to you with the spores held by the pointer . wait a few turns and a mushroom will sprout .
there is a piece of software called dualmonitortools ( free as in speech ) that i have used in the past to do this . you can bind a hotkey to lock the cursor to the current monitor , and then there will not be any chance of it moving to the other . once upon a time when i used nvidia cards , there were options in the advanced settings of the nvidia control panels that allowed you to do something similar . you might have a look at your graphics card 's settings to see if there is some way to bind a hotkey to lock the cursor to a particular monitor . however , i think these types of things have fallen out of popularity among the card vendors . i have also seen some autohotkey scripts ( a useful tool for any pc gaming enthusiast ! ) that purport to do something similar . i have not checked them out , but they might be worth a look . autohotkey scripts can activate/deactivate based on the active window , so that might remove the need to use a macro to start/stop the monitor lock .
no , you cannot . sadly , the achievement only registers on the boss kills , and not by going further down the dungeon .
i have a mod which places pedestrians on the road and workers inside the loading areas . they can be driven through as if they were not there , and i receive no penalty . in theory this is a map-only mod , so the same is probably true for the vanilla ets2 too .
there is 2 types of powershielding . when you enter full-shield , things happen that way : the first 2 frames are ineffective the next 2 frames are used to powershield projectile and physical hits the next 2 frames only powershield physical hits against projectile : time window is 2 frames knockback is cancelled hitlag is cancelled projectile ownership becomes yours projectile damage is halved projectile is sent back in the opposite trajectory against physical hit : time window is 4 frames knockback is increased shield is cancelled ( means you can do anything you want after powershielding also if your full shield get hits by a projectile on the 5th frames , it will not get powershielded , but as long as you remain in shield mode , the next physical hit you receive will be powershielded , even if you switch to light-shield .
no , due to diminishing returns on resistance values ( each additional point is worth less ) you can not reach 100% resistance to any element through that . i believe it is close to impossible to reach above 85% or so . that said , there are certain legendary items that will make you immune to a certain element and instead cause that element to heal you . for example : countess julia 's cameo - arcane mara 's kaleidoscope - poison
there are two effective paths to lay your infiltrator down along . sniper based infiltrator this infiltrator should be built around maxing head shot damage . stay at far range and use cloak to boost your damage against tough targets . the basic mantis is your best weapon choice unless you can get a widow or black widow . being able to kill two enemies with one shot and hit targets though cover is very useful when faced with oncoming swarms of basic troopers . do not carry any other weapons . if you are in a situation where you need a rapid fire close in gun , you should just cloak and run instead . you should primarily put points into your passive , cloak and fitness skills . the exceptions to this is salarians . proximity mines are very useful for covering your six . this type of infiltrator tends to suffer on higher difficulties . it is too easy to get swarmed and you will not be able to kill enemies fast enough . shotgun based infiltrator this infiltrator uses the other big damage weapon type . they are more high risk than sniper based infiltrators . you have to get in close , and you do not have much in the way of health and shields . this infiltrator should mix powers a little more than the previous type . you need your tech power to disrupt groups of enemies . i like the quarian infiltrator 's sabotage for this . shutting down your enemies guns is almost as handy as cloak to get out of a tough spot . focus on getting that recharge speed down so that you can sabotage , cloak and fire while your enemies are still hacked . in addition to the shotgun , i would suggest carrying a pistol with scope and barrel mods . it gives you some good long range fire while keeping your weight down . this type of build is better for the higher difficulties . they are more versatile than the sniper based infiltrator . with the pistol and tech power , they can fight well at medium and long range , and with the shotgun and cloak they can fight well at close range too .
turns out i had to punch one of those purple fruits at the top , which makes them fall . they are bouncy and allow me to jump higher . the road continues on the otherwise out-of-reach cliff .
to answer #1 i constructed a test rig . as you described , the outer-engines overheat faster than the inner one regardless of vertical placement . this means that the overheating is not a result of the heat emission map ( which extends in a cone underneath the engine that drops off rapidly and is hotter than the engine itself ) . when i placed temperature gauges on the same rig it did not overheat at all which inadvertently gives us our answer . all parts have three config parameters relating to heat : maxTemp , heatConductivity and heatDissapation . by default conductivity and dissapation are set to 0.08 and they are never redefined in the config files . this means that all parts , even the tiny temperature gauge will receive heat from neighboring components at the same rate . in our scenario the inner engine has four components with which to transfer heat via conduction but the outer ones only have one so they overheat faster . to prevent the outer-engines from overheating you could install a heat sink in the form of a few structural girders . as for #2 the wiki states that : as of 0.18.2 , this tank does not transfer heat effectively . engines attached directly to it and running at full throttle ( especially mainsails ) will overheat . i suspect this is a deliberate tweak in the coding since my usual trick of adding a small girder between the tank and engine reduces overheating by an approximate factor of 8 instead of a factor of 2 which you would expect from abusing the heat conductivity parameter as described above . edit based on a comment by philipp i re-checked the results of #1 and it turns out that the inner engine heats up at a slower rate by transferring heat upwards into the command pod , not across to the other engines as i assumed .
there is no way to remove that . steam is a online program and can be played offline however steam keeps on recommending to play it online . steam requires internet to keep your steam profile up-to-date as well as your games patched up . that is why steam wants to remind you that your in offline mode cause your steam cannot be updated . however you must log into ( or connect to ) steam every 30 days for authentication or your software will refuse to work properly ( if at all ) . you will have to ignore it or go back to online mode .
you get the same random distribution of items as if you had reverse engineered ( re'd ) each item individually . after leveling cybertech , i can say there are times i wish its mods and armors would stack , just so i could re them all at once . the only reason i can see for not reing an entire stack would be if you were only trying to re for a better recipe , and were planning on only reing until you unlocked it . if you are planning on reing them all anyway , you may as well re the full stack - for a stack of size ' n ' , it saves you 4 * ( n-1 ) seconds !
this website has detailed strategy guides for leveling each class in mu online : agility elf energy elf dark knight dark wizard magic gladiator
my first answer was not entirely correct , after some more research i found this page , with some hard numbers : http://www.d3scene.com/forum/other-games/18935-dod-source-weapon-guide.html here is seems like there is headshot dmg and body dmg . eg . for the k98k : damage per headshot : 275 body hit damage : 110
far as i know , bc2 does not support this by default . you have to find a well-administered server . on " big name " servers , the keywords i have had the most luck with have been " admin " and " reporting " . keep in mind that a server admin can see all chat , so it might be best to type to your squad instead of general chat . typing in general chat is an incite for flamewar , and it is more trouble than it is worth . personally speaking , i would much rather see a squad chat report because the person reporting this is more interested in fixing the problem than starting some kind of a " he-said/she-said " flamewar in general chat .
hero 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : wonderful hero true hero balanced hero little hero sucky hero what rank you get is based on time it takes for you to beat the level and how many of the titles ( e . g . barely , kelp lover ) you picked up on the way . evil lord 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : beautiful evil lord pretty evil lord plain evil lord your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . knight 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : great knight big knight knight mini knight petite knight your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . protecting the sage is important here , because the more hits the sage takes , the longer the casting time will be . princess 30 mode is bit different than the other modes as there are five " best " ranks instead of just one best rank . although the best rank is considered to be "30 second , " there are some levels where getting under 30 seconds is next to impossible ( e . g . , level 12 , beach trip ) . so that is where the other four " best " ranks come in . best rank a - 30 second ( complete level in under 30 seconds ) best rank b - flawless ( complete the level without losing a single soldier ) best rank c - fighter ( kill most of the enemies in the level ) best rank d - gorgeous best rank e - legendary blueblood royalty infamous royal brat your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level , how many soldiers got hit in the level , and how many enemies you killed in the level .
they will have better club knowledge , so any reports they provide ( including comments in backroom meetings ) will be more reliable . their loyalty will probably also be higher , meaning better morale and possibly lower salary demands .
it is been a long time since i played chrono trigger on the ds , but i do not recall anyway to do so . the only thing to try is to use the ds-style input controls ( i recall there being two input modes , one more like the snes original , and a newer one with more touch controls ) . if there is a way , it would be when using the new control style . i still do not think that you can move your party members around , unfortunately .
the default rate is 1/turn , for hostile city states it is 1.5/turn . it can be reduced by 25% with the patronage social policy and by 50% with the greek unique ability . another factor is the social policy " united front " from the order tree , it increases the rate of decay for other players by 33% ( thanks to raven dreamer ) . if you conquer too many city states they will band together to defend against you ( you will get a notification about that ) . at this point , influence with non-hostile city states will decay 100% faster . curiously , influence with hostile city states decays at the usual rate , so they are actually cheaper then . beware that you do not need to attack many city states to trigger this event , 2 city states on normal size/prince triggered it already . ( thanks to sean ) i have checked some other factors using firetuner , and neither map size , difficulty level nor current era seem to influence the decay rate .
i would go the uninstall the game . you saw both endings , you could be really picky and find all the audio logs and upgrade all weapons , however i do not think that is worth it . seeing the two possible endings is the most important thing . i would recommend moving onto your next game .
yes - more deftness . one part of the formula for success of half inch is the deftness of the character using it . you can equip one of the many kinds of gloves which increase deftness . the honour among thieves accessory is the most effective at increasing the success of half inch . the ranger job has the highest starting deftness , and can also earn a few natural deftness bonuses .
yes and no ; nothing really has a weak spot for non-amputation damage except those with yellow , glowing cartilage , like the large bulbous yellow spots on exploders and tentacles . exploders die in one shot to the explosive sack . tentacles and anything with a large yellow , glowing cartilage section have the yellow bit as a " weak point " which is usually the only part that can take damage , but you probably consider those " bosses " . this is just the same as it is been since dead space 1 . limbs are the obvious " weak spot " but not all limb removals do the same damage ; specifically , head removals do less than removing legs or " weapon " limbs . removing all bladed/weapon-like limbs will generally kill any necromorph even if 2 limb removals otherwise would not be enough ; once a necromorph stops being able to attack it will " die " immediately , except the new wasters which can sprout tentacles at the waist after " death " . depending on the enemy , leg shots may be much more useful , as slowing down some enemies like slashers renders them much weaker . none of this matters much to javelin gun users though . there are not " strong " points on most non-boss enemies , but there are some spots where shooting them is not a good idea : shooting pregnants in the body is a really bad idea , even with the jav gun . bad enough to be worth switching to another gun . though javelin explosions ( and other explosives ) are ideal at cleaning up the swarmers the pregants usually release . wasters , the guys with picks and snow coats who sprout tentacles from the waist , should have their legs severed , shooting them in the chest/removing their arms often results in them sprouting extra tentacles , forcing you to waste more ammo and possibly take more damage . guardians can not be body shot , unlike most nercomorphs , even with the javelin gun . you will need to cut off their tentacles , though if you are using an explosive/aoe module with the jav gun you can sever their limbs that way . dividers should be shot in the limbs , not chest , since the chest is lifeless after they divide . aoe/explosions are recommended . if memory serves me , and dead space 3 has not changed this , head shots with the javelin on necromorphs is actually less effective than a body shot ; the head just comes clean off , little/no staggering happens , and the necromorph is not set up for a shock/explosion combo ( if that is still a thing ) . i do not have the jav gun yet in ds3 though , so i could be wrong , that is just what i recall form dead space 2 . feeders are apparently weak to head shots , unlike most other necromorphs . human enemies go down extremely fast from head shots ; the otherwise useless smg for example seems to take them down in a single hit . i do not think limbs are a " strong point " for humans , but it is generally ill-advised to aim for humans ' limbs anyway , since their heads are relatively stationary ( much easier to hit than any necromorph 's limbs ) , are always in clear view , and headshots take them down so insanely quickly .
your question covers a wide range by saying you had like an answer for ' dota-like games ' . i can not say for all of the games whenever or not real money will help you . i can speak for league of legends though , and i do believe it is the same in heroes of newerth and dota 2 . when you play matches in lol , you gain ip . this is based on the outcome of the match ( win/loss ) , the type of the match ( 3v3 , dominion , 5v5 ) and the duration . you can also gain a bonus amount of ip for the first win of the day . you have the possibility to buy rp in lol . so in short , you have two currencies : ip and rp . ip can be used to buy Champions , Runes and Rune Pages . additionaly , Runes can only be bought using ip . you will not be stronger or weaker when you have more or less champions . you will only have more choice in the champion select screen . note that there is not a single champion which can not be bought with ip . you can have an equal amount of champions as someone who uses rp to buy champions . runes however do give you advantages in-game . once you have bought a rune , you can always use or switch it . it will not be broken or disappear after a while . rp can be used to buy Champions , Skins and Rune Pages . additionaly , Skins can only be bought using rp . skins only have a visual effect . your champion will not get stronger or weaker by using a skin . so in short , league of legends does not use a Pay-to-win model . everything in-game that can be bought ( or gifted by a friend ) with real money ( rp ) , is purely for the looks or unlocking . unlocking solely give you a wider choice with selecting champions , but is by no means making you stronger . next to that , ip can be used to unlock champions as well . on the flip-side , the only thing that can make you stronger before starting by purchasing anything are Runes . these runes can only be bought with ip , and therefore not with real money . above things described is stuff what happens outside the matches . in the matches , you have an entire new currency system . on start of the match , your Runes , Skin and Masteries are loaded . no advantage is gain but from the runes ! from the start of the match , you start earning Gold . nothing else can influence that income besides events in the match itself , like champion kills or lasthits on creeps . when the game is over , calculations are done based on the statistics . you gain ip based on the outcome of the game , the type of match and the duration . the gold you earned in the match is solely for that specific match . you will not be able to do anything with it outside the match , nor within your next match . the only thing you can use from that match is the gained ip ( and LP for your ranking , but that is a whole different story ) .
you can unlock the other three guys for arena once you beat it with kirby , i believe . other than that you will just have to stick with hammer/sword/spear kirby . disappointment aside , you have to remember that there are quite a few parts of the game ( namely the sphere doomer sublevels ) that i am pretty sure you cannot pass without kirby 's ability to inhale the grey blocks . also , there are two boss battles that you need to use super abilities to win .
i believe the base damage for fists is 5 . i derived this but have not tested it empirically . i have found references to the bonus for khajiit claws to be both 4x ( strategy guide and other sites ) and +15 ( other sites ) . that leads to this equation x+15=20 and that solves to x=5 .
you can see them , even without the night vision . you can see the 3d model of the tanks mines , though they can be hard to spot when driving fast . se this wiki , that has pictures of them : http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/irnv_scope
after you pass through the " gate " where you met the questgiver , go eeen ( about 70 degrees right from n ) , it is a long walk but eventually you will find a shrine-like structure which is basically a roof supported by 4 columns , it will be illuminated from within in purple , the skull will be at the foot of a pedestal at the shrine 's center . the shrine is due east of the entrance to valerica 's prison . here 's a video guide .
you have got your definitions of " compressed " crossed . i am almost certain the games are compressed in some way so that the psn can send as little data as possible , but these would be lossless compression methods ( almost everything sent via the net is compressed in some way or another , non-media files are almost always compressed losslessly ) . and at the same time , in-game assets like graphics , video and music are compressed because the raw files from which they are made are far far too large to fit on even blu ray disks ( or if they could , load times would be beyond unbearable ) . as for the question of quality , no , digitally downloaded games do not differ in quality whatsoever . the graphics , audio and video that you will see on a downloaded title are identical to what you had see on a disc . there is no quality related reason to prefer digital or physical media releases for ps3 games . i own several dozen digital ps3 games now and there is no noteworthy differences ( besides the loading speeds , which are superior , and the storage requirements ) .
monk 's seven-sided strike right in the middle :
there is no way to unlock achievements in dota 2 as of now . what you see are just placeholders , they have been there for a long time but they do not really exist in-game . response from valve employee on the question ( 29 may 2013 3:34am ) : dota 2 does not currently have achievements .
you will not lose the gear that you have gathered . you will lose save progress if you start at part 1 , you can go back to the quests you already done ( in your example 7 to 9 ) . the way the party system works is that you always enter the game at the level that the host is playing at . if they are further ahead of your character personally you will join them at part 7 ( in your example ) . when you go back to your own personal game , you can start back at part 1 but it will prompt you to save over your spot in the game . you can continue on from part 9 , but you lose out on the story line in between . what you can do is have your friend join you in your game and help you kill the butcher and jump ahead after that is done . edit image :
other than the differences you listed ( price and safety ) , you party heals faster when waiting in a fort/town or village with a manor . the amount of experience granted from training is solely determined by the skill of the trainer and nothing else . there is 1 ( very minor ) drawback to waiting in a town/fort/manor , and that is you can not open the dialog to ' take an action ' and select a new book to read .
i was at least able to resolve my issue with naming . my assumption was that i would type c and follow it up with a direction . however , with the windows mobile client , you type c , and then need to tap the screen in order to select the thing to identify , otherwise the dialogue will not pop up fo r naming .
no , you do not have to use the weapon to get the kill . the majority of the games characters do not directly use their weapons in their attacks . most of them are just ways to bolster stats and give a baseline for damage . the monk , for instance , is a highly melee focused class , but does not use his weapons ( unless they are fist weapons ) . that bonus you see on the weapon is added to your cumulative bonus total .
it sort of depends on your graphics pack , but the df wiki has the default images/colors for each stone , as well as their uses . http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/df2010:the_non-dwarf's_guide_to_rock *edit* since you changed your question to refer specifically to the phoebus graphics set , a quick clarification . in dwarf fortress , the graphics set does not include any information about the colors representing different items in that game , such as rock types . the phoebus graphics set is just an image that contains all the tiles used in the game . the colors are set in the init file , and are changed independently of the graphics set . for example , the matrix tile set asks the user the change the default colors , but it has to specify them for the user to change in the init file . there are some versions of dwarf fortress that come with a graphics set pre installed , and these will sometimes change the default colors to match the style of the set , as well as some other settings . unless you have personally changed the colors , or are using a special version of dwarf fortress , the colors will be the default , and can be found in the link i originally posted .
credit to darth bieber on trueachievement . com . ( gh ) = ghost , ( so ) = smooth operator . sarif manufacturing plant ( milwaukee junction ) : entering the plant ( gh ) reaching the server room with the typhoon ( gh ) after having dealt with zeke ( gh ) detroit 1: retrieve the dead terrorist 's neural hub ( will sometimes work by convincing wayne haas to let you in . if you do not and need to infiltrate i suggest going by the sewers it is much easier than the other two access points ) ( gh ) locate and shut down the antennae in derelict row ( gh ) fema camp : infiltrate the mercenary compound ( gh ) ( so ) locate the mercenary leader ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 1 investigate the penthouse apartment ( gh ) find and speak with tong si hung ( gh ) escape the alice gardens pods ambush ( gh ) tai yong medical enter tym 's tower by passing through the pangu ( gh ) ( so ) find and view van bruggen 's recording ( gh ) ( so ) confront zhao in the penthouse ( gh ) ( so ) escape and get to the hangar ( gh ) ( so ) open the hangar door ( gh ) ( so ) picus escape the ambush by reaching a lower floor ( gh ) ( so ) get to the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) summon the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) get inside room 802-11 ( gh ) ( so ) detroit 2 go to the convention center and obtain sandoval 's location from taggert ( can be done through conversation or sneaking into his backstage room ) ( gh ) ( so ) find and confront sandoval ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 2 escape the construction site ( gh ) ( if you are trying to save faridah malik then by all means go right on ahead . it will not affect foxiest in anyway shape or form . however , if you do decide to take out the soldiers [ non-lethally or otherwise ] , then you cannot get ghost as someone will see the robot exploding ) find vasili sevchenko 's gpl device ( no ghost nor smooth operator ) rescue tong 's son ( this is a pre-order dlc from gamestop . if you have it you can get ghost and smooth operator . if you do not have it , it obviously does not affect you . ) meet tong in the harvester hideout ( no ghost or smooth operator ) seaport retrieve tong 's package from the shed ( gh ) ( so ) place the c4 on the administrator 's desk ( gh ) ( so ) ( you will not see these bonuses pop up because it cuts straight to a cutscene . if you are unsure , the way to confirm that the bonuses were awarded is to make a note of your xp before you place the explosive . after the cut-scene ends , you should be 1000xp better off . 500 ( gh ) + 250 ( so ) + 250 ( getting things done ) ) omega ranch disable the signal jammer ( the only way i found to get this smooth operator bonus was to do it in the first building you see once you leave the storage shed you wake up in . if you try and disable it from the tower you will most likely not get it . i did not receive it the two times i tried on the tower , but i got it the first time i disabled it in the building . this will enable this so and the search for signs of megan 's team ) . ( gh ) ( so ) search for signs of megan 's team ( gh ) ( so ) ( see above ) find and speak with nia colvin ( no ghost and no so ) find and speak with eric koss ( no gh and no so ) find and speak with declan faherty ( no gh and no so ) upload the virus to the security computer and enter the restricted area ( gh ) ( so ) use the leo shuttle to reach panchea ( whether you save malik or not there is no bonuses here so feel free do handle this section as you like ) panchea get inside the tower and disengage the lockdown ( gh ) ( so ) reach the broadcast center ( gh ) ( so )
c/o or co means ' current offer ' . this refers to either the current price at which the seller is offering the desired item , or the highest bid thus far from another party interested in purchasing the desired item .
after capturing a city , there are several turns of no production . if you created the city as a puppet , you do not have any say on what the city builds , but it produces less unhappiness than an annexed city . if you annexed the city , you should be able to choose to produce a courthouse ( given that it has been researched and is not already built in the city ) , but this will of course only happen after the period of no production following the cities ' capture .
currently , there is no reliable information or source about the tombstone inscription or its meaning . some people pointed out that the inscription is an anagram for " a epic prank " ( however , missing the letter s ) , which could be seen as a reference to trolling is a art : the purpose of this phrase is to troll people by getting them to correct it ( example ) . a collection of additional fun facts/easter eggs regarding whimsyshire can be found here and here . a little ot : blizzard put some stuff into the game where the purpose of is not known by now , e.g. the black rock ledger . there exist long discussions about it . perhaps the tombstone will also turn out to be another clue to something bigger .
the blocks are only destroyed if they touch the wall , floor , or ceiling . to pass this area you must move the blocks in a line ( an ability granted when getting the yellow gun ) and keep changing the direction before any blocks would hit a surface . here is a video showing how you can do it .
there are various ways to benefit from aliens living in your empire . depending on the race of the alien population they might give your empire some kind of bonus . for example certain races reduce the cost of ship maintenance , however the alien population needs to be big enough for a bonus to apply . some alien races make better soldiers than others . for example the mortalen are better suited for combat than humans . so if you have a planet full of mortalen 's recruiting your troops from there will increase the combat power of your units . another way to exploit an alien race is by enslaving them . enslaving an alien race will give you a gdp boost on the planet where they are enslaved , on the flip side this will anger any empire whose population is composed of the race you are enslaving . a downside of having aliens live within your borders is that they become unhappy if you declare war on an empire of their won race . for example if you declare war on a securan empire any securans living in your empire will become unhappy .
alright , the awesome fallenangeleyes helped me do some science and here are the results : with evasion : without evasion : as you can see , requiem does not get reduced by the evasion mastery . i ran the same set up for karthus both times ( gear , runes , and masteries ) .
currently , battlefield 3 does not support cross-platform multiplayer . according to this article , which quotes the studio head , robert bach , there are numerous differences between the pc and console versions of battlefield 3: limitations caused by hardware requirements causes the maximum number of players in a game to vary between versions : the biggest difference between the pc and console version of battlefield 3 is that we have 64 players on the pc and 24 players maximum on console . . . we tried to get more players in [ to the console version ] but then you need to scale down all the graphics , scale down all the destructibility , and sometimes you need to scale down all the map sizes alterations were also done on the maps themselves to make them work better for smaller numbers of players : when we say they are smaller , it is not that we have cut them in half . but we tried to compact them slightly to keep the action up . judging by these differences , and the licensing/requirements mentioned by stof , it is extremely unlikely that there will be support for such a feature . on a side note , having such a feature would be a huge win for this game franchise , which is in constant competition with the folks over at call of duty , and i would hope that any game promoter/marketer would have immediately jumped on it as a major selling point if it was a plausible future enhancement .
that is the favoriting feature , on the pc to add an item or spell to your favorites you have to press f . then you can access all your favorites quickly by pressing q , a list of favorites will pop up in the lower left corner and the game will be paused . on the pc you can also bind items and spells to the number keys .
if you open your j ournal , dandelion has this to say about himself : it is always awkward to write about onself , yet i cannot shirk this duty . in an effort to preempt any accusations of partiality , i shall set down the humblest of notes , relating only the best-known facts . dandelion -- in reality the viscount de lettenhove , though titles are unimportant -- is a certified troubadour , a lecturer at oxenfurt university , a persona known among society as a charmer , poet , dandy and unparalleled lover . almost everyone north of the yaruga has heard of him , and those who have not are either boors or simpletons or both , as a result of which their opinions do not matter in the slightest . dandelion played a significant part in the most important events of the era . he loved , fought , negotiated , and acquired immense knowledge , even that of the forbidden variety . his works are a testimony of the times , but it is his moving poetic tropes that have brought him true fame . the important thing in this story is that dandelion was a friend to geralt of rivia -- possibly his only true friend . he was geralt 's confidant , advisor and companion in misery ( for it was impossible to experience good fortune in the witcher 's company ) . what geralt did , dandelion faithfully recounted , and one should not give credence to those who accuse this humble chronicler of confabulating . discretion -- a virtue i have always professed -- obliges me to remain silent about the circumstances in which , therough the person of vernon roche , i began working with the temerian intelligence service . suffice it to say that there comes a moment in everyone 's life when , facing great events , they cannot remain indifferent . and so i could not stand aside as history took shape before my very eyes . my dedication to the cause brought me to flotsam at the time . there , through an unfortunate incident involving twins at the local brothel , a town guard , a dog , a cat and an oil lamp , i would up on the scaffold in the town square , from which i barely escaped with my life . emphasis mine . this continues to be expanded upon as you progress through the game . if dandelion claims this is the short version , i would hate to have to re-type the extended edition . . .
i have tried all of the above and more and still did not get it to work . here is the way i was trying to avoid but eventual had to do : give each permission manually . . . here is my global groups file which is the file which all of the permissions are read from :
yes . even in darkness , you see all projectiles and deaths .
it does not . here is proof from my recent stealthy , super-lethal playthrough of ' house of pleasure ' mission stats ( with no shadow kill . notice that there are 12 bodies found , but ' ghost ' is checked ) : basically , as long as no red ' marker ' appears on an npc or a wolfhound ( dog ) , it will not count as detected . three white ' markers ' will not count as detected . the red marker appears only if an npc or wolfhound has detected you , not a body you killed or made unconscious . also , here are some reports from other posts : bodies found does not void the achievements ghost , clean hands or shadow . completed all three achievements yesterday and i have had missions where bodies were found . source ( reddit /r/dishonored ) other reports : [ 1 ] [ 2 ]
no , there is no " real " reason to not use the locusts . the only achievement associated with locusts for crucible is : Epic Meal Time: Kill 75 enemy units with Primal Spawn Locusts.  it could be a user preference though , i know at times when i replay the mission i like to make it ' harder ' by not doing what they want you to do . for example , when they introduced the roach i beat the mission solely with zerglings . sometimes just having a mission on brutal is not hard enough .
from the dota 2 wiki : experience in dota 2 is given by a unit on the enemy team that dies . experience is equally shared by all heroes in a 1300 range . hero kills outside of 1300 range will give experience to the killer . ( i.e. . sniper 's ultimate at long distance ) denying an allied unit does not grant experience to the ally . heroes take their share of experience even after level 25 , even though they cannot use it . building kills grant experience . summoned units ( units created by spells or items ) give 50% experience . the only way to gain experience while dead is if you have the bloodstone : while dead , the bearer continues to receive experience at the death location and gives 1800 unit vision there . so to address all your questions , as long as something on the opposing party dies ( and as long as its not an illusion ) you will gain experience if you are in range . if the enemy unit is denied , you will gain significantly reduced xp . edit : exp-range was increased to 1300
ok , so i have continued to play and i just passed the test of singing cicadas over the weekend . here 's what i decided . 1 ) go to maia . the further north you are on the t5 map , the younger the cicada cages tend to be . 2 ) there are many cages out in the map 's extremities , but that is not all . there are places pretty close to the nile where no one ever goes . and there are cages there . some of them are mine , but there are lots of others too . you can do pretty well if you are being a casual cicada hunter by going outside the useful build-zone , but not particularly far outside . 3 ) group up your goals . there are great places to find the important resins for raeli ovens or look for mushrooms or plant and check fenec traps . combine your goals so that you have a better reason than just cicadas to be out in the boonies .
you can get a tank ( aka , rhino ) in many ways . . . a ) without wanted level - you can purchase it , and it will spawn in a hangar in the airfield b ) with wanted level - you can find one in the military base , but that can be hard to get into . i suggest getting a fast car with franklin , then using his special abilities to bust through the gate because your wanted level will not go up while you are in the special ability . that will save you some time to get closer before all hell breaks loose . you can find a tutorial here to get the tank i am sure there will also be a cheat soon figured out that would allow you to spawn them , but i do not think it has been confirmed yet . bonus : here is some gameplay footage of the tank
the old ps2 games ( gta3 through san andreas ) and the current generation titles exist in separate continuities . outside of possible easter eggs there probably will not be any direct appearances . except for lazlow . he is in all the games . edited to add finished the game the other day and no characters from gta : san andrea make a direct appearance . there are characters that look like some of the characters from sa riding bikes , but they are just easter eggs . especially given that those characters would be in their 40 's if it was actually them .
i just re-watched all the game 's cinematics again . nowhere in the content of the game is your question explicitly answered , but there are a few possible ( entirely speculative ) explanations : nefarious does not seem to like/care for courtney gears nefarious is not prone to killing his opponents early as he seems to like to toy with them . as lawrence clearly points out on many occasions , nefarious is not very good at planning - likely written this way for comedic effect . nefarious usually likes to deal with his adversaries himself . especially given the personal history he has with qwark . with the biobliterator ( s ) in his possession , he does not really need to incite robot insurrection so courtney gears is rather disposable to nefarious ' plans . she is mostly a red herring to buy time to set a trap for qwark and get the biobliterator ( s ) operational . every robot converted from a squishy would already be under nefarious ' control so it is more a matter of subjugating the existing robot population with the army the biobliterator ( s ) would have gained him . courtney gears knew too much and this made her a liability . nefarious does not truly trust anyone and , despite his offer to clank , certainly would not share his reign with her or anyone . the risks of her turning on nefarious or revealing too much information were too high . as you said , nefarious was unconcerned with ratchet at that point , focusing all attention on qwark , and since ratchet was the only member of the q-force taking action , leaving ratchet alive to draw qwark into his trap was probably part of that decision . if ratchet were killed at that point in the narrative , there was really nobody to give qwark the confidence to go out on the frontlines himself . it is clear that qwark is afraid to face nefarious himself . it is also unclear how autonomous klunk was so that may have been too far a deviation from his programming for him to take that initiative .
yes , these abilities should all stack . though it is important to know that many of these happen at different times . the racial ability to regenerate tp only occurs while not performing any actions including moving ( menu browsing is fine ) . tp/hp/pb restoration units only regenerate while moving . i have never owned spirit garment so i cannot confirm when its regeneration occurs , but it could be constant .
tasty pasta does not award xp for eating . the following drinks made via the cocktail shaker and/or blender do award xp when consumed : bubble tea gives 10xp , mood , energy , and a buff . pungent sunrise grants energy , 10xp , and a buff . cloudberry daiquiri grants 15 mood , 10 energy , and 7xp , and a buff . exotic juice grants mood , energy , and 5xp . creamy martini grants 25 mood , 10 energy , and 5xp for drinking . carrot margarita grants 10 mood , 8 energy , and 5xp for drinking . cloud 11 smoothie grants 5 mood , 4xp , and a buff . flaming humbaba grants 5 mood , 20 energy , and 2xp for drinking . the above numbers will be lower if you are not at max mood .
you definitely can , that is how i unlocked samson . pay attention that the game is still buggy after the release of the dlc , so it may happen that you unlock him without receiving any notification after beating mom ( also happened to me ) .
" most " of the console commands in game will mark you as a suspicious player as confirmed by adam perin from runic . there does not appear to be a more specific list available . in addition , if you have been flagged , it is not apparent to you - only to other players you are playing with online . in the instance you have been flagged , your characters ' name plate will be preceded by a red ! . a full list of console commands can be found here .
the sanguine rose is unique among conjuration staves in that the spell scales with level . so while the effect is the same ( a melee dremora , in daedric armor wielding a daedric weapon ) , the actual level of the summon increases as the dragonborn gains in power . edit : i finally found some more precise data . even though the staff is unobtainable before level 14 in a normal game , there are appropriately leveled dremora for that range . original answer : i am not sure how many levels there are total , but if the earliest summon is a dremora kynreeve ( as per this ) , it is likely that there are at most four : kynreeve , kynmarcher , markynaz , and valkynaz . of these , kynreeve is confirmed at level 14 ( the minimum level to start the quest ) , markynaz has been seen as early as level 30 , and valkynaz has been seen at 72 .
for a complete explanation , please look at my answer to this post . when you only have 1 weapon equipped ( no offhand ) then the damage will be completely determined by the dps of that weapon . when you have 1 weapon and 1 shield equipped , the damage will be the same as if you did not have the shield equiped ( so the same as above ) . when you have 2 weapons equipped , the damage will be completely determined by the dps of your right-hand weapon . however , since you have 2 weapons equipped it will give you more damage than if you have just 1 weapon equipped , say , as a sort of bonus . i believe the amount of ' bonus ' to be equal to floor(dps of righthand weapon / 10) , however i could not do many tests on that statement so it is best to take it with a pinch of salt . so : always equip your highest dps weapon in your right hand and depending if you want more dps or more survivability you can choose a weapon ( any weapon , stats do not matter * ) or shield as offhand . *except if that weapon gives you bonuses such as dual-wield modifiers , %damage , . . . !
each civilization can only found one religion . after you found your religion , you can use great prophets only to enhance your religion ( once ) , to build a religious tile improvement or to spread your religion ( like a missionary , but much stronger ) . in a standard game [ 1 ] , the number of religions that can be founded is smaller than the number of civilizations . so there is some competition , not only to get the best beliefs ( each belief can only be used by one religion ) , but to found any religion at all . [ 1 ] : as far as i know , the number of religions depends on the map size . if you play with custom settings and turn down the number of civilizations , then there would be enough religions for everyone .
even if you are standing right next to their hideout , i have found that you can not get them with your sword - you have to get them with a ranged weapon . ( apparently ezio does not have the dexterity to stab guards through an open window , or something . ) i have had success taking them out with my hidden pistol and with throwing knives . bombs , while throwable , never seem to work for me , except maybe for obscuring their vision while i line up my shot .
friendly - and i just finally found the option yesterday , it is in the building menu . spent so much time looking for it !
there is no way to directly change the camera view so that you can view your character . however , there are certain things you can do in game to make the camera view change . your camera view will change to third-person view with your character visible if you do one of the following things : get into any seat of a warthog get into a ghost get into either seat of a mongoose pick up a mounted turret
short answer : ~70% long answer : i looked around quite a bit , and there does not seem to be any kind of definitive answer on this , so i thought i would take a look for myself . i did two trials following this methodology using my level 60 monk : turn off all numbers except for the critical damage numbers ( makes it easier to see when you crit ) keep critical hit around 10% so you do not crit too much . use an ultra-slow ultra-low damage weapon ( bought from act 1 normal vendor ) use a very slow attack . only count numbers that pop against indivdual creatures , multiple-hits means multi-tornados ; too hard to count . get whirlwand to 3 , start tracking crits . play in sp so you can pause the game after each crit for tallying ( rather than trying to keep it in your head . ) this methodology is not perfect because the whirlwinds are much easier to see than the numbers ( they stay around a lot longer . ) also you could do a much better job tallying if you were to record the gameplay , then tally the numbers after . trial one : bridge act 3 nm : 30 total samples recorded , 21 procs , 9 misses : result 70% proc trial two : field act 3 nm : 27 total samples recorded , 19 procs , 8 misses : result 70.4% proc obviously we had want further trials to be sure , but i feel good that i got the same results in both trials . if you feel like you are seeing less than that , try turning damage numbers off so you can only see crit numbers . crits off whirlwind or anything but your primary ( energy building ) attack do not proc . you can proc like crazy if you use dual weapons and are using a fast attack that hits multiple enemies .
there is no upfront fee . there is a transaction free of $1 for equipment ( armor , weapons , jewellery , etc ) , and 15% of final sale price for commodities ( gems , dyes , recipes - items that can be sold in bulk ) . you only get charged one fee or the other . this is only paid if the auction is successful . there is a faq here .
first off , in the ui , make sure to click the ' advanced ' button and enable the more advanced features ( fxaa . . . ) . in . ini there are some settings , that even on ' ultra high ' quality are not enabled by default : change btreesreceiveshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) bdrawlandshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) iblurdeferredshadowmask=3 ( change to 1 ) iwaterreflectheight=512 ( change to 1024 ) iwaterreflectwidth=512 ( change to 1024 ) add busewaterreflectionblur=1 breflectexplosions=1 iwaterbluramount=4 bautowatersilhouettereflections=0 bforcehighdetailreflections=1 -if you know what you are doing use this to generate your . ini file . - here you can download few minor mods that can make it look somewhat better , after they release the mod-kit you can expect much better mods that drastically improve graphics ( more detailed textures , shadows , better lights , animations . . . some include even their optimized . ini files ) .
absolutely ! check out this post over at guru3d .
the only reference i can find is in the planet baldurs gate walkthrough , this walkthrough unfortunately does not say how much str is needed , but does say it only cares about strength . might wanna get a str potion and try again .
to shoot a portal through an already open portal and have it link to the proper portal , open the portal you want to stay open last . that , or , once you have placed the portal through the first one , use . . . lb , i think , and close the one you just shot a portal through , then recreate whichever portal you need .
it is random . both options actually trigger the exact same event ( ROCK_STARSHIP_MINE_DEFUSE2 ) , so it really does not matter which you choose . the best resolution for this event is to use a beam drone to remove the bomb , costing you a drone part but still giving a low-level scrap reward . another possibility is to use level 5 engines , which costs nothing but gives no reward .
they are essentially the same , but the command line version is that : a more compact command line version that will not require any gui and therefore no window system to run on the server . since you are running a windows machine , i would not expect any significant differences , but the command line version should use less ressource in case those are a concern . edit : in case you had like to manage your server through a terminal ( like ssh ) , the command line version would be the one that is easier to use ( since it will not require any gui interaction ) . if you are using some kind of remote desktop connection this does not really matter either .
the issue here is not whether something will sell , ( eventually , many things will ) , but rather is it worthwhile to keep your stash/bags full of items with mediocre stats , some of which require 2 to 3 ah listings to move ? right now i believe it is more cost effective to vendor rares , but that may change in patch 1.0.3 , in which blizz has announced that they are " . . . looking to adjust the blacksmith costs for training ( gold and pages ) and crafting from levels 1-59 . . . " in this case i hope " adjusting " means " reducing . " my method for rare item triage has lots of room for improvement , but this is what i have been doing when i encounter a rare : is it an upgrade for me ? if yes , hooray ! if not , then , is it an upgrade for someone in my party ? if yes , give it away . if not , do i have an alt that can use it ( sooner than later ) ? if not , are the stats amazing ? does the item make you think " boy , i wish i had a [ insert class here ] " ? if so , then list it on the ah for a lot . if not , does the item have stats that are decent , and the item has +magic find and/or +gold find ? if so , list it on the ah . ( i admit i have spent 15000-25000 gold on something 10 levels too low for my " gold accumulation " set . ) finally , if #1-5 do not apply , then vendor it . all that said , i have trouble following my own advice sometimes . i am good about vendoring rares with truly horrific stats . it is the items right in the middle i have trouble parting with .
according to this wiki : sleeping is the process of resting in a bed , sleeping bag/roll , pile of hay to fully restore your health , magicka , and stamina . in addition , sleeping in a good bed gives a temporary bonus to magicka and health . beds in player-owned houses provide better bonuses than other beds . if you sleep long enough in any bed , you will receive the " well rested " bonus which increases the speed of skill mastery by 10% for the next 8 hours . if you sleep near to your spouse ( same building/cell ) , upon waking you will receive a " lover 's comfort " bonus which increases speed of skill mastery by 15% for 8 hours . this effect can be duplicated by the lover stone which confers this bonus for as long as the stone is the player 's active symbol . also keep in mind that , as alluded to by ryanzec 's answer , there is at least one quest that requires you to sleep in a bed to initiate it , so even werewolves have a reason to sleep at least once ( after killing grelod the kind and receiving the courier message from the dark brotherhood ) .
you can download it directly from your battle .netaccount . https://eu.battle.net/account/management/download/#sc2-downloads click on the windows or mac button to download . ( you can even change the language if you want . i bought the french version but was able to download and play with the english version . )
the short answer is : no . 4 gate is a powerful strategy with a lot of flexibility . this is because , as a race , protoss is really dependent on their tier 1 units . since protoss tier 1 tend to be fairly tough units and a cheap caster , they can get away with this . by comparison terran strategies are usually based around one of three different openings : 3 rax mech 1:1:1 each of which has its advantages . in terms of flexibility the 1:1:1 build gives you access to a wide arsenal of terran units , but lacks the the synergy of upgrades , and thus relies on unit composition to make up . meanwhile , mech has very little flexbility and relies on the strength of siege tanks supported by thor/hellion to deal with air/melee . by comparison the 3 rax has nice flexibility . i think this is the closest thing you are going to find to a 4 gate equivalent . the standard 3 rax opening is : 2 techlabs + 1 reactor and producing 2 marauder/2 marine . some of the nice tweaks to this are : including ghosts ( great against muta/toss ) , mass reapers ( powerful vs early game zerg , with a transition into pure marauder ) , supporting with siege tanks ( deals with most ground strategies ) , and even drops via medivacs ( powerful harassment and nice synergy with stim ) . by comparison , zerg does not really have a nice normal build like these , though roach/hydra play is still fairly standard . some people will say this is because zerg adapt very quickly ( all their unit production is shared ) , where as other might suggest that zerg tech very slowly , and thus are forced to depend on their tier appropriate units while trying to tech up . i hope this helps .
i finally unlocked everything and completed the list . tower type power speed range spread cost research unlock arrow both 1 1 2 0 100 - starter cannon ground 2 1 1 2 120 - starter anti-air air 1 3 3 0 150 - starter tesla ground 4 1 1 0 250 10 gems starter laser air 2 1 3 0 300 11 gems starter mortar ground 4 0 3 4 400 15 gems starter fire ground 4 1 2 3 350 13 gems tiki s2 frost ground 1 1 2 3 200 - tiki s3 trap both 5 0 0 1 250 10 gems gati gati s1 hive both 1 2 5 0 450 14 gems gati gati s2 gem none 0 0 1 0 300 9 gems tiki s1 lightning both 1 0 5 3 500 13 gems tiki s2 notes : fire towers continually fire at the same spot for a set duration , dealing damage over time . enemies with green shields are weak to flame towers and burning enemies are resistant to them . frost towers do not deal any damage , but do slow enemies down . they can remove the burning effect from burning enemies . trap towers consist of both a tower and an antenna , which must be near each other with no obstructions between them . two traps are strung between the towers , one that hits ground enemies and one that hits air enemies . each trap causes an explosion when triggered and can only trigger once per wave . hive towers generate insects over time . each insect will roam the map , smash into the first enemy that gets in its way , and then disappear . you can only have one hive tower at a time . gem towers do not attack . they slowly upgrade any adjacent towers around them over time . each gem tower has limited energy , and cannot be removed even after that energy is depleted . lightning towers hit every enemy on the map , but only attack when enemies are near them . in addition to towers , you can also unlock speed potion makes tikiman run faster . this is a permanent upgrade . unlock by completing tiki s1 remote mine allows you to set a remote mine at tikiman 's location for 5 gems at any time , and detonate at will . you can only have one mine set at a time . these deal high damage over a decent range , hitting both ground and air enemies . unlock by completing gati gati s3 interest increases the amount of gold acquired at the end of each wave by 5% per tier . each tier costs more gems than the last . unlock by completing toki s3
the option does build a new nether , but the more important thing is that it applies all new changes to it like nether fortress with blaze spawner , so you can get these new materials on your old ( before updates ) world . as you can imagine with a new build , all the buildings/construction you have will be erased .
there are 6 different girlfriends , each giving cj a different perk upon 100% dating progress . you can see a detailed overview here , but summing up , they are : denise robinson millie perkins katie zahn : at the north east corner of the golf course in san fierro , katie is practicing martial arts near some bushes . you should be able to see her easily from the road . barbara schternvart : find the sheriffs building in el quebrados , the desert . she will be outside talking to someone . michelle cannes : enter the driving school and she can be found inside talking to someone . helena wankstein : go to the small town of blueberry and find ammunation . if she is there at that time , you will here her firing a gun at a target range beside ammunation up some steps . you meet denise and millie on required missions ( burning desire and key to her heart , respectively ) . the others you have to find .
really ? it does not really matter . however , if you think about it , having six workers returning with minerals half seconds faster is not as good in the long run as having a worker created half seconds earlier - as that delays all future workers by those precious half seconds . however , if you need that pylon down or that supply depot out a half second faster , make sure to follow this precise order : send your workers to work create your next worker split your workers as they are reaching their mining nodes . of course , screwing up any other action by a half second will undo all this precision .
there are two types of penalties that can take place when performing a ranged attack . ranged penalty occurs when you are trying to attack a stack of units more than 10 hexes away . obstacle penalty occurs when you are trying to shoot through an object such as a wall . these penalties are cumulative , so you may be doing only 1/4th of your actual damage . these penalties can be mitigated three ways : sharpshooters naturally do not incur a ranged nor obstacle penalty the golden bow on the hero will eliminates all range/obstacle penalties the bow of the sharpshooter does the same and allows ranged units to use their ranged attack on adjacent targets .
unlike previous versions of civilization , in civ v , territory around a city expands one tile at a time . the pink highlighted tiles are the ones that are next in line for expansion through culture . consequently , they are also usually the cheapest tiles to purchase .
it turns out that your friends can see how long you have been online for , roughly - " username - idle for seven hours " .
the way armor per hit works is weird . what i have noticed monitoringthe combat log and procs for this effect is like this : a hit from such a weapon starts a 5 second proc on the target . armor is subtracted from the target by the given amount if another hit lands within those 5 seconds the armor values fall further if you do not land a hit before the timer ends the armor is restored to their original values armor values can reach a minimum of 0 .
they unlock characters . you unlock one character after 10 bandages and then another for every 20 that you collect beyond that up to 90 and then 10 more gets you the final unlock . the precise characters gained will vary depending on whether you are playing the xbox version or the pc version .
it means that the alien would normally be outside of the sight range and thus not a valid target , but the sniper can shoot at it because of the squadsight skill . it is the skill which allows a sniper to fire on targets which are outside of its view range when another soldier can see it . note that you still need an unobstructed line-of-fire for this to work .
gtx 650 ti is targeted to be between 650 and 660 in terms of power , tom 's hardware has a good review with a comparison vis a vis normal 650 .
the point values for catching animals increases after each level i think the most important thing to do is to pay attention to whatever the lucky animal is . if you can string together more matches with the lucky animal before you level up - your score will tend to be higher . speed is important for chaining together active progressions . from the " how to play " section it says you can move other animals while the captured ones are clearing out from screen . you get bonus points for this ! the break time score basically judges how well you did in terms of chaining together active progressions and also how well you did in terms of catching the lucky animal
the simplest way ? cover the moat with a layer of dirt in the short term . the " this is awesome " way " ? build a " draw bridge " . this requires access to the engineer . this is a guide on the official forums explaining how . the video is excellent ; he narrates exactly what he has done and even uses annotations in the video to make sure you understand what is going on . the drawbridge can be toggled via switch . when it is " on " , there is a path . when you turn it off , the blocks are not active and so it is open air . toggle it on when you are waiting for an npc to spawn and then back off again once they are all moved in .
as mentioned in other answers there does seem to be a priority system in place but i do not know of anyway to change that . however a possible way to help in your situation is to set your friend as your focus target and put your companions heal ability in a keybound quick slot . you set a focus target by selecting another character ( friend , enemy or npc ) and pressing alt-f ( the default binding ) . you will see you have a new player icon and health bar on your screen . now pressing end ( again , the default binding ) will cause your next ability to target your focus target . i have not tested but pressing end and then your companions heal would cast it on your target .
where did the equation E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) come from ? i see that you say it came from the wiki , but i am unable to find it on there . i do see : for any given level , the experience , e , required to achieve the next level n+1 from the current level , n is : E = 7 + roundDown(n * 3.5) thus , if you were level 0 you would require 7 experience to achieve level 1 , which is not the case with E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) . to advance to level 2 , you would need 10 more experience , a total of 17 , not 14 more experience , with a total of 21 . i hope that equation is not correct ( because i just spent an hour on what i think is the correct one ) , and that would explain why you do not have to kill 1785 hostile mobs before level 50 . i have come up with E = 7n + round(3.5(.5(n^2)-.5n)) - n/4) e is the total experience needed to reach level n . "7n " accounts for the constant 7 experience required to reach every next level . this is the only experience you must collect to reach level 1 . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) the " . 5 ( n^2 ) - . 5n " provides the number of 3.5 increments between level 0 and level n , but ignores the rounding down . because the rounding down is not yet accounted for , i have "-n/4" ( without this , the equation says you require one more experience than reality every 4 levels ) . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) ex . between levels 0 and 1 the number of required 3.5 experience increments is 0 . between 1 and 2 the number of 3.5 increments is 1 . between levels 2 and 3 the number of increments is 2 . between levels 0 and 3 the number of increments is 3 . 0 + 1 + 2 = 3 3*3.5 is 10.5 , and then 7*3 is 21 . 10.5 + 21 is 31.5 the " round ( ) " rounds up some e values ending in . 75 that result from the "-n/4" . 31.5 - 3/4 = 30.75 round ( 30.75 ) = 31 and so you need 31 experience to reach level 3 from level 0 . with this equation , you require 4625 experience to reach level 50 , which /5 is 925 .
as far as i know , what you mention about " belly of the beast " is incorrect . this mission does not require tosh . thus , you can feel free to pick tosh or nova without affecting any of your later mission choices . tosh does not participate in belly of the beast even if you do have him . the mission consists of raynor , tychus , swann , and stettman only . that said , there is a strategy that can be found here that relies on using ghosts specifically for the final mission , all-in . that strategy can be found here . thus , if you want to try that , you had need to choose nova . other than that , your choice will not affect any future choices in the campaign , except for of course which flavor of cloaked ground unit you prefer most , in the event you actually even make spectres/ghosts at all . the two abilities that differ are : snipe ( ignores armor ) for ghosts and ultrasonic pulse for spectres ( aoe stun attack ) .
your strategy is good for lower level pokemon . in black/white , a lower level pokemon will gain more exp than a higher level one when fighting the same pokemon . for higher levels you would be better off letting the pokemon ko opponents by itself , holding a lucky egg . if you are level 82 you should not have too much of a problem tackling the whole e4 . try and get a range of move types for coverage and you can probably ohko most pokemon . there is also the big stadium and small court in nimbasa city which have high level pokemon you can fight daily , cynthia appears in undella town in spring with level 75 pokemon , and with morimoto in the game freak building in castelia city with level 75s as well .
ok , well i am not sure of the exact cause of the multiple houses , but i can confirm that if one is completely eliminated they do not create another house . now , if you will excuse me i am off to do some " house " cleaning . after a bit more murder , it does look like i was able to set it back to 5 houses by murdering everyone :
no , unfortunately you can neither repair nor modify your vehicle . there is basically no need to repair vehicles , because you can simply " respawn " any vehicle you could have destroyed with the " car on demand " app . i have completed about half of the game and have not come across anything to modify a vehicle , but feel free to correct me if something comes up later . as lyrical already mentioned in a comment , you unlock new cars for the app by simply entering them . if it is the first time sitting in the type of vehicle , the message " new vehicle unlocked " will appear in the top right corner and then you can buy access to it in the app . another way to get cars ( often rarer ones ) is to hack civilians ' phones . to make this easier , you can unlock a skill in the " hacking " branch of the skill tree that marks civilians with especially valuable hacking opportunities ( including cars , songs , crimes and rich bank accounts ) with a blue square , so you can already see them from afar . the chance of finding vehicles that way is still rare though . hacking people 's phones is one of the few things you can do while waiting for a multiplayer session to start , so that is a good time to go searching for people with cars . a good way to unlock sports cars , is to play fixer contracts that require to race through the city with a given car ( which was already a sports car in the first mission i played ) . you can unlock new fixer contracts by hacking ctos towers , which reveals new missions and points of interest in the area . if you want a specific car from these missions , here is a list by segmentnext . com with fixer contracts and the vehicles you will be driving there .
traditionally final fantasy bosses are immune to most negative status effects with specific exceptions ( slow being a common-ish one ) . browsing through the final fantasy wiki i do not even see a reference to specific immunities for ff3 bosses ( most other games note immunity piecemeal when relevant ) , so i would say that is a good hint they are just all immune . generally trying to use status effects on bosses is a waste in ff anyway , unless you are aware of a strategy that calls for a status a boss is known to be weak to ( or , rarely , if an in-game character suggests their weakness ) .
you must first adopt a puppy before you can adopt any kittens . kittens cannot walk or participate in competitions . if let loose in your room they may find surprising treats , but without money coming in from walks and competitions , you might find yourself low on money . this would limit the amount of toys and other purchases you could make in game .
i would assume that the twins sometimes cause explosive damage . if you are killed by explosives , you respawn with full health .
from the faq thread in the official forum : how do i repair damaged ships ? ship repair themselves a certain percentage each turn they are in a friendly system , hero abilities and battle actions can also be used to repair . installed ship repair modules do repairs both in combat and on the galaxy map . specific tech can increase ship repair rate . they do repair themselves extremely slowly outside of battle , as far as i have observed . i tend to use the repair nano bot card during battle a lot to help keep my fleets at full health .
there are a few villagers in the town that will tell you the lyrics to the song that they ask you the questions about . the people you need to talk to are in the milk bar ( the bard ) , the veteran thief 's house ( in the center of town ) , and in the merchant 's shop ( in the top left of the town ) . they will each give you one line to remember , and then you will have the answers for the questions you are asked . if you get it wrong , there is not much of a penalty , they will just tell you something about you not being ready or right , or something to that effect ( i forget the exact wording ) , and you will have to talk to them again to try answering them again .
as the terraria wiki states , the wall of flesh does 50 melee damage on contact . you will be dragged toward it if you manage to get behind it and will be killed if you manage to escape .
it is complicated , but you are right that you are not as well off as a true level 80 character . your attributes are scaled up to what they would be if you were level 80 ( 916 in each attribute ) . the footing is perfectly even for this aspect . your equipment is scaled up to have the same relationship to a level 80 character that it normally has to your level . so if you have a green-quality chest piece that is 2 levels lower than your current level , it is scaled to give the stats of a green-quality level 78 chest piece . this aspect can actually favor lower level players ( since it is easier to keep your gear level appropriate at lower levels than at higher levels , until you hit 80 ) if they have very good gear for their level , but most people who are serious about equipping their level 80 characters will have rare ( yellow ) or even exotic ( orange ) level 80 gear in most/all slots , which a lower level character just will not be able to match . you do not gain any trait points . true level 80 characters will have more trait points than you , which means they will be getting more attribute bonuses from traits than a lower level character will . tldr : yes , you and your equipment are scaled up to their level 80ish equivalents , but true level 80 characters will still have better attributes than you thanks to having better gear and more trait points .
the decoy grenade will cause the enemy to hear gunfire sounds ( based on the thrower 's strongest weapon ) as well as having a little popup on their radar showing the presence of an enemy . its mostly to trick the enemy into thinking that you are somewhere else and that they are being shot at . its not too useful if you are already entirely silent and sneaking up on an enemy though .
yes , it is not the only way to play the game . you can configure a traditional , nay , sane keyboard controlling scheme . sanity lies under " help and options " &rarr ; " controls " from the main menu . the default keys are also rather peculiar but - thank god - configurable . the xbox controller is obviously also supported , but you must choose one of the three methods .
try crouching or jumping . if you can not uncrouch or jump , well , there is a spy sitting on your head . note that if you crouch and you were not crouching before , the spy will probably notice the change and run for it , so jumping might be best .
resolve is a system to counter crowd control ( cc ) abilities in pvp . this meter builds up as more cc is put upon you , when it reaches a certain point this allows the player to be resolved in his motives and he becomes immune to cc for 8 seconds . this meter is viewable by anyone . so you have to be careful to see that your opponent does not have a near full or full resolve meter . this allows for heavy cc builds to be used in their full extent in pvp .
judging from my experiences with the demo , no . you face the same number of enemies whether you have one or three people with you -- and going in undermanned can be very spectacularly fatal .
one of the more common causes of dizziness from gaming is something known as motion sickness . this is the wikipedia article , and from there are more useful links on actual medical data . it is common for some people to experience this more frequently in a virtual environment , so it is not unheard of for people to suffer from motion sickness in certain video games but not in real life , if this is the case for you . i am personally the opposite , i suffer motion sickness in the real world but never from video games no matter how tumultous they may be . you might want to look into this question , which gives some advice on how you might be able to alleviate the symptoms . you will also be able to see a decent gamut of people who also suffer from similar dizziness . if you find yourself still worried after these readings , i suggest getting a check up with your standard physician . a diagnostic from a professional will be more accurate than personal readings , and is a better first step than trying to guess what specialist to see .
at this point , none of the gba ambassador games are released . there are a few of the nes releases that have hit the eshop for general purchase - super mario bros , donkey kong jr . , the legend of zelda , metroid , nes open tournament golf , and legend of zelda ii ( to be released in november ) . as of yet , the gba games have not been released , and it does not appear that they will be any time soon - according to this press release , they are concentrating on game boy , game boy color , and nes titles for now . nintendo may decide at a later date to add gba titles for download ( as they did with a few game gear titles ) , but as of this time , it does not appear that they have any plans to do so any time in the near future , choosing instead to focus on first party titles for the 3ds such as paper mario , luigi 's mansion , etc , and vc titles from older systems that predate the gba .
you are going to have to play through most of the story line a few times , i actually found that i played through a few times and then gave up on the story line to do a bit of leveling up without the storyline getting in the way . this is not only quite fun , but lets you explore a bit and find stuff that you would not normally have time , or inclination , to find when running around having to save people . in short , i found the best way is this : start off and get all the toys for katey - this will give you around 10,000pp per stuffed toy and the same for the others ( marbles , horse etc ) if you grab the magazine : rescue from the arena security office , all the survivors you rescue will give you a 25% pp boost , helping you rapidly gain levels . grabbing a magazine : combat will add 10% pp from everything you kill with weapons . you can carry up to 3 of the combat magazines as well . they are useful for passively gaining extra pp . get a chainsaw ( there is one above the stage outside ) and go attach it to the bike . you easily rank up the points whilst mowing down zombies in the central strip . and this guide i found to be really useful , it'll give you a complete run through with some excellent advice on psychos , magazines , strategy etc . good luck and have fun ! : )
every class shares a level ; it is not split between individual soldiers . this means , every time you unlock a new class , race , or gender , you are only starting from level 1 if you have never played as them before .
those buildings continue to work normally , i just tried it . the factory and the hydro plant worked like they should even with negative coal and aluminum .
i have retried a level after the yeti escapes : no , it does not come back . i was pretty disappointed .
while surfing the ( super slow ) playstation website , you can come across game pages , for example , this one for uncharted 3 . if you look at the right hand side of the page , you will see this box : if you click any of the marked links here , you will add them to your wish list and/or games list : you can find game pages using the search function on the column on the left
it is in the " modern temple " area ( the 16-cube door ) , behind the large 32-cube door . it'll show as a large black opening if you have already been inside .
if you enable the in-game lua console , you can use it to rename a character on the fly . to enable the console , you need to edit your grimrock.cfg file , which can be found in the same place as your saved games . ( you should close grimrock before doing this . ) the file is broken up into sections ; in the first section , there is a line with console = false . just change the false to true . you probably also want to change the consoleKey line , since the default is a key that does not exist on an american keyboard ( i believe it is the  key on a finnish keyboard , but i am not certain of that ) . i recommend using a function key , since whichever key you choose overrides anything else you might want to do in the console ( for example , if you choose z as the key , you cannot type a z in the console ) . to use f12 , change the consoleKey line to read consoleKey = 123 . once you have the console enabled , you just have to type the following command in to change a character 's name : party:getChampion(2):setName("New Name")  where you replace 2 with the champion to change ( in the range 1 to 4 ) and new name with whatever name you choose . if you want to disable the console again afterwards ( since it could be a temptation to cheat in all sorts of ways ! ) , you can just change grimrock.cfg back to console = false .
you can just delete them from the drive . go to system , and then choose settings ( when at the my xbox channel , it is the far right item iirc ) , then storage , and select memory unit or hard drive ( or whatever storage device the console is using ) . there should be list of the types of items stored there , one of which is profiles . select that , then delete each one .
no - the leader mod does not influence experience gained from handing in quests , as discussed on the gearbox forum . the experience gained from this bonus is pretty much limited to experience from killing enemies .
the sage trophy/achievement was apparently broken in update 1.02 , see later comments here and this forum post . there are currently no workaround aside from deleting the game data and trying to trigger the trophy again , either by loading a save where you do not have all the books and collecting them all or by attempting this on a fresh save . hopefully a patch will be available soon which will fix this .
ice bullets can destroy lava meteors , the flamethrower damages ice rocks more than just normal lasers . gravity guns are epic , because you can suck in the enemies and meteors . but seriously , i recommend you using the gravity gun with any enemy . i hope i answered your question !
they do not have a rating , and they are always shown as neutral . i am pretty sure their rating scales only show up because it is a part of the character sheet that they do not have something else to display there , although they could be adding it to later versions of the game as well . there was some original talk of the kind of crew missions you sent them on affecting the rating but that obviously has not/will not be implemented . ( diplomacy missions only affect your own rating . ) note however that your companions are limited by your alignment . they can not use items that do not match your character 's alignment .
it does require you to go into the console and enable the xbox controller . i have got it working fine on my game , i just need to figure out how to customize it because currently it is not allowing me to swap weapons via controller . go here for more info : using an xbox 360 controller with source games
predator encounters only count toward the worst nightmare dark knight track when they occur while following the story . once you finish a predator encounter during the story , you can not repeat it to pass off any worst nightmare requirements . i know this because i went back to the top of the gcpd building after my first encounter and tried to earn finish a predator encounter without being seen and use a sonic batarang to lure an enemy into a takedown without success . my next in-story predator encounter , however , i earned the finish a predator encounter without being seen . i am on the ps3 . i suggest picking one rank ( or more if you can manage ) to earn for each encounter . if you make a mistake during the encounter , pause and restart . if you fail to earn all ranks during the main storyline , you will have to try again during new game+ .
as someone who has only played witch doctor and uses soul harvest as a main part of my strategy , i can confirm that the monsters need to be within the radius upon casting . note that the max for this effect is 5 , which is not hard to achieve . also worth noting : it is very effective to charge headfirst into a cluster of enemies , harvest their souls , then use spirit walk to find your best point to attack from .
replicate , morphling 's ultimate , lets you create an illusion of the target ally or enemy hero . the illusion lasts 30/45/60 seconds at level 1/2/3 , deals 50% of the original target 's damage , and takes 100% damage . when the illusion is still alive , morphling can activate replicate again to instantly take the place of the illusion ( although destroying it in the process ) . the secondary ability allows you to effectively split push with morphling , as you can send the illusion to your own fountain or to another lane to quickly move around the map . one important thing to note is that you can not cast replicate on yourself , although if you are facing a shadow demon and he disrupts you , you can use replicate on one of those illusions of yourself to get a full strength illusion .
no , the journal gives no indication whether you have completed the objective or not . if you have , you will be able to talk to the quest giver , otherwise you will not .
keen edge ( and other similar " use [ ability ] when [ x happens ] " traits ) grant you the effects of sharpening stone for free , automatically , when your health drops below 75% . it does not matter if your actual sharpening stone ability is on cooldown , or even if it is not on your action bar .
evade him for awhile and fight some of the other men who jump down eventually . most of them are easy one shot kills with any gun just to occupy your time . keep running from the big man until a goon with a grenade launcher shows up just above the red door . kill him and the grenade launcher will fall to the ground intentionally for you . use it on the big man , 3 or 4 shots will kill him . if you loose the launcher , ( as i did ) then just kill gooneys until you have four grenades . keep chucking grenades until he has no armor , then use a kal 7 to finish him off .
as of version 34.10 ( may 21 ) , horizontal scrolling on most screens has been fixed , including the screens for animals , kitchen , units , stocks , buildings and many others . the hospital screen has not been fixed yet , but it seems like toady is putting some effort into the user interface .
when a political prisoner appear , they usually will be being robbed by some thug . you can tell the difference by just watching who is afraid and who is not . so it is fair to assume that everyone is bad until proven contrary .
there are many things that were added , and a few things were tweaked . added jump-slides optional checkpoints ( no more starting from the beginning after dying to the last garbage pile on 3-9 ! ) loops rails ( and their related moves ) an option to replay a completed level immediately , rather than having to exit to the world map . dancing extremely ( obnoxiously ? ) eloquent narration by charles martinet forking paths built-in achievement system ( aka . rewards ) additional characters and alternate costumes ( no longer simply seasonal ) tweaked bonus levels ( now a bullseye , instead of the guaranteed retro level ) retro bonus level ( now much more akin to super meat boy 's warp zones ) world map ( no longer strictly linear ) springboards . now trigger when you hold up , rather than having to press up while over them . ( thank goodness ! ) perfect ! ! mechanic . ( now a ! + ! + ! + mechanic ) stayed the same basic game mechanics ( dodge obstacles , collect shiny ! ) inc . gliding boss " fights " !
all you have to do is hit the space bar .
the research lab contains a list of all completed research . this includes the research item that is unlocked from interrogating aliens . if you consult the completed research list , you should be able to determine who you still need to interrogate by process of elimination .
here is a link to a site i found using my google fu - http://homepage.ntlworld.com/walbanger/pages/aocunitstatsnonecable.htm it lists the los of all units in the game and is updated till the 1.0c patch . update - values from the link ( as of 1-17-2014 ) ( i have included the compiled values from your link in your answer to make it link independent -- scotts . ) unit type los barracks units militia 4 man-at-arms 4 long swordsman 4 two-handed swordsman 5 champion 5 spearman 4 pikeman 4 halberdier 4 eagle warrior 6 elite eagle warrior 8 archery range units archer 6 crossbowman 7 arbalest 7 cavalry archer 5 heavy cavalry archer 6 hand cannoneer 9 skirmisher 6 elite skirmisher 7 stable units scout cavalry 4 light cavalry 4 hussar 4 knight 4 cavalier 4 paladin 5 camel 4 heavy camel 5 siege workshop units mangonel 9 onager 10 siege onager 10 scorpion 9 heavy scorpion 9 battering ram 3 capped ram 3 siege ram 3 bombard cannon 14 castle units trebuchet ( packed/not ) 18 petard 4 berserk 3 elite berserk 5 cataphract 4 elite cataphract 5 chu ko nu 6 elite chu ko nu 6 conquistador 8 elite conquistador 8 huskarl 3 elite huskarl 5 jaguar warrior 3 elite jaguar warrior 5 janissary 10 elite janissary 10 longbowman 7 elite longbowman 8 mameluke 5 elite mameluke 5 mangudai 6 elite mangudai 6 plumed archer 6 elite plumed archer 7 samurai 4 elite samurai 5 tarkan 4 elite tarkan 5 teutonic knight 3 elite teutonic knight 5 throwing axeman 5 elite throwing axeman 6 war elephant 4 elite war elephant 5 war wagon 6 elite war wagon 7 woad raider 3 elite woad raider 5 dock units fishing ship 5 trade cog 6 transport ship 5 galley 7 war galley 8 galleon 9 fire ship 5 fast fire ship 6 demolition ship 6 heavy demolition ship 5 cannon galleon 15 elite cannon galleon 17 longboat 8 elite longboat 9 turtle ship 8 elite turtle ship 8 town center/monastery/market units villager 4 monk 11 missionary 9 trade cart 6 for completeness , here are structure values also . structure type los buildings barracks 5 dock 5 farm 0 house 1 lumber camp 5 mill 5 mining camp 5 archery range 5 blacksmith 5 fish trap 1 market 4 stable 5 castle 8 monastery 5 siege workshop 4 town center 7 university 4 wonder 6 towers/walls/gates outpost 5 watch tower 10 guard tower 10 keep 10 bombard tower 10 palisade wall 2 stone wall 2 fortified wall 2 gate 5 these are base values . civilization , age advancement , and technology bonuses are not considered here .
generally speaking , for an elbereth square to be active ( that is , for it to actively ward off monsters ) , something must occupy that square . in many cases , this will simply be you standing on it , but if you want to have an elbereth square maintain its potency while you are not standing on it -- say , to protect your stash , for example -- you need to drop some sort of item onto the engraved square to keep its warding properties activated . dropping a single gold piece is a cheap and convenient way of doing this , as it is a low-value item , you are unlikely to confuse it for something else , and you are generally always carrying some on hand . i am not aware of any reason why you had want to drop a coin onto non-elbereth engravings , however , as standard engravings do not inherently do anything .
i found the following tidbit on the team liquid forums : the dvd starter kit will contain a 7-day pass along with a guide to creating a battle .netaccount and installing the client . it is part of a larger press release that is quoted in that post : irvine , calif .  blizzard entertainment , inc . today announced that a range of prepaid game card options for the english version of its record-breaking real-time strategy game starcraft ii : wings of liberty will be available to players in hong kong/macau , indonesia , malaysia , the philippines , singapore , and thailand beginning 18 november , 2010 . starcraft ii : wings of liberty game cards provide an additional , flexible payment option alongside the existing boxed version of starcraft ii , which includes unlimited access for the life of the game . they are available in 3-day , 7-day , and 30-day pass versions , and can be used on the southeast asian battle . net server for starcraft ii single-player and multiplayer play . a dvd starter kit will also be available , allowing players to install the game client quickly and conveniently without the need to download it . the dvd starter kit will contain a 7-day pass along with a guide to creating a battle .netaccount and installing the client . suggested retail prices for the game cards and starter kit in each region are listed below : region 3-day pass 7-day pass 30-day pass dvd starter kit with 7-day pass hong kong/macau 8 hkd 16 hkd 55 hkd 30 hkd indonesia 10,000 idr 20,000 idr 70,000 idr 35,000 idr malaysia 3.50 myr 7 myr 25 myr 12 myr philippines 50 php 100 php 350 php 170 php singapore 1.50 sgd 3 sgd 10.50 sgd 5 sgd thailand 35 thb 70 thb 250 thb 120 thb the prepaid game cards and dvd starter kit will be distributed across southeast asia in select internet gaming cafes , convenience stores , and gaming retail shops . for more information about the starcraft ii : wings of liberty passes and where to buy them , visit the info page at http://blizzard.iahgames.com .
it sounds like you are . the game backup is connected to facebook , not google , so if you never connected to facebook , nothing was being backed up . as far as i know , google was just tracking achievement data . sorry . . . perhaps this is your chance to reclaim several hours per day of free time . escape while you have a chance !
i found this really useful : pokemon competitive battling strategies a team should not have all sweepers , all tanks , or all annoyers a sweeper is a pokemon that can charge up energy , and then wipe out an entire enemy team with its increased stats . ( such as dragon dance tyranitar ) an annoyer is a pokemon that can inflict moves that annoy the opponents , with status effects , etc . ( such as golbat ) a tank is a pokemon with a lot of health . ( such as blissey ) here are some of the teams the website suggests : physical sweeper , physical sweeper , special sweeper , special sweeper , tanker , and annoyer . first , two of the six pokmon need to also be a hazer or pseudo-hazer . this will be the theme to all of the sets , because hazing is so important that it is critical to have some pokmon doing it . second , a spinner would be a great addition to this team , since this team relies mainly on attacking power and spikes would greatly hinder that . you might make one of your special sweepers a starmie since it can be both a special sweeper and a spinner . also , you might want to make your tanker or annoyer a pseudo-hazer since they are the prime candidates . again , start with zapdos or another fast pokmon . baton passer , physical sweeper , physical or mixed sweeper , special sweeper , tanker , and wall . ninjask is perfect for this team , because speed boost will benefit all sweepers and even tanks . plusle and minun are also great because they benefit your special sweeper , rather than your physical one , by using nasty plot . if you do manage a swords dance with ninjask or a nasty plot with plusle/minun , then baton pass it to your physical/special sweeper because it can really sweep . the tanker and wall are for switch-ins , such as when the sweeper encounters something that you are sure it cannot ko . the tanker or wall would then absorb the damage , sending out ninjask again or another sweeper when you predict a switch . this relies on some prediction . you can have only one pseudo-hazer in this team since this is a fast-paced team , and you should try to defeat your opponent before they can set up their stat changes . physical sweeper , special sweeper , physical or mixed sweeper , drainer , tanker , and cleric . this is a sleep talking team , even though it does not show it . two of the sweepers should have rest , and so should the drainer and possibly the tanker . then , the cleric should pop up from time to time to use heal bell , and it would be good if this cleric is a tanker or wall ( not someone that can not survive very long like vileplume or miltank ) . this is actually an annoy team , even though it has many sweepers . with rest + heal bell , the sweepers will not seem to faint ! spiker , physical sweeper , special or mixed sweeper , tanker , drainer , and cleric . this team is purely annoying . the sweepers are for stallers or drainers such as ludicolo , but with a spiker , drainer and a tanker , you will seriously aggravate your opponent , especially with a cleric . a sleep talker would fit the theme here , and of course two or more hazers or pseudo-hazers are needed . the more you roar or whirlwind , the more your opponent will be hurt with spikes . baton passer , baton passer , physical sweeper , physical sweeper , special or mixed sweeper , and magnezone/probopass . this is really a weak team in the hands of a novice but powerful in the hands of an experienced battler . it is true that roar and whirlwind clear status changes , but a good battler would know what to baton pass , when to baton pass , and when to send in magnezone or probopass . one of magnezone 's traits is magnet pull , which prevents skarmory from switching , getting rid of one major pseudo-hazer . probopass can also have this trait . this team relies heavily on prediction . zapdos , umbreon , celebi , drainer , physical sweeper , and special sweeper . once again , this team requires a lot of prediction and should only be handled by experienced battlers . umbreon can use mean look and baton pass to celebi and celebi can use perish song . zapdos ' thunder wave and substitute makes this strategy easier , especially because umbreon and celebi will not take that much damage from a paralyzed pokmon . spiker or drainer , special or mixed sweeper , heracross , magnezone , dugtrio , and shuckle . if you are been battling for a while , then you should know what to do here . shuckle 's wrap and encore keep its opponent in while you switch to heracross or dugtrio , doing damage . magnezone is there once again for skarmory , and it is nice to have a spiker to take off more damage as your opponent switches since this is a major annoy team . as always , you need a sweeper to take down those stallers . some more terms : physical sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts physical damage . special sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts special damage . baton passer - a pokemon that can use ' baton pass ' . mixed sweeper - a sweeper that inflicts both physical damage and special damage . wall - a wall is a pokemon that is good at absorbing lots of damage with great defenses . they are a good counter to sweepers , with moves that can reduce their stats . drainer - a drainer is able to drain/steal health from their opponent . cleric - a cleric is a pokemon that can heal allies . ( heal bell or aromatherapy ) spiker - a spiker is a pokemon that can use the move ' spikes ' . neutralize your weaknesses for example , if you have a pokemon that is weak against a water type , try to include a grass type in your lineup . finally , make sure you do not have too many pokemon of the same type or else facing an opponent with a pokemon that is super effective against multiple pokemon will be difficult .
day [ 9 ] has lots of dailies where he talks about specifically this or more generally about learning any particular thing . well worth a look . his main point is to get comfortable with losing games where you are training since you are not training for the five games today but the fifty games after today . one example for practicing your macro would be to play five games in a row where all that you are focusing on is constantly building workers , never being supply blocked and always having low money ( or even just one thing ! ) . if during these training games you get attacked - do not worry , just keep focusing on those three things and deal with the attack only if it does not break that focus - even if it costs you a game ! the idea is that these training games with a dedicated focus should make the things you are training second nature , so that afterwards you do not even need to think about them .
one way to cope , which is not an amazing solution but definitely makes the game at least playable again , is to boost the crap out of the sensitivity using an out-of-game initialization file . in order to do that , navigate to : C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\Electronic Arts\Dead Space modify the settings . txt file and set the sensitivity higher . i set it to 4 ( the in-game maximum is 1 ) and that seems pretty decent . there are some drawbacks to this , however . aiming and turning in-game are much improved by this , but controlling the mouse out of combat becomes impossible because the mouse rockets to the other side of the screen with just the slightest of touches . get used to navigating menus with the keyboard if you want to use this method . even navigating the map becomes a challenge because apparently mouse sensitivity is linked to map turn speed with the arrow keys . the game 's pc controls are flawed at best , but this at least makes it playable .
mario 's parents are shown in yoshi 's island , among other related anime and comics . mama mario : at the end of super mario world 2: yoshi 's island , mario and luigi 's mother made her first video game appearance . she is portrayed as a wide-set woman wearing a pink nightgown , and only her lower half and hands are seen . papa : the video game 's artists portrayed him as a skinny man in a nightshirt of indeterminate color . only his lower half and hands are seen . the mario wiki has articles on both mama mario and papa , although there are a lot of references to the live action super mario super show , which is probably not canonical . likewise , the story is told differently in the 1993 super mario bros movie , where the two are orphaned when luigi is still a baby . again , there were major rewrites to canon for the movie .
enabling that option will cause the game to use direct3d 11 as it is rendering api . by default , the game should use direct3d 9 . direct3d is a library used to access the graphics card and perform the hardware-accelerated rendering that basically every modern game requires . d3d9 is an older version of the api , but up until recently was almost always the default because it would run on many more machines . d3d11 is a more modern version of the library with newer features , and can provide improved visual fidelity . it may also affect performance ( positively or negatively , depending on how the game uses it and what hardware you have ) . to use d3d11 features you need vista or better and a d3d11-capable graphics card . if you only have vista or better , a game may still allow you to use d3d11 the api , but it will not be able to actually use any of the features of d3d11 ( since you had be using d3d11 with one of the 9 . x feature levels ) .
yes , it will get harder . i waited a few months on my first play through and was fighting cyberdiscs , cryssalids , and a few mutons . on my second play through i went right away for the panic reduction and 2-3 cryssalids were the highest level enemy i fought . strategically if you can wait and use the assault to reduce panic when you need it , that would be useful .
i figured it out with minecraft version changer ( mcvc . in ) . it is a nice little java app to download what ever version you please .
if i recall correctly , they will not defend you during an upgrade . i could not find any documentation off of a simple google search , but this strategy guide has some good tips for a beginning player .
i have the wii version also , and although there seems to be a few bugs with the wii version , this is not one that i know . i have completed the story mode fine with no real issues at all . the balloons you just walk up to and the skylander collects them . to put the fires out you need to flick the wii control to throw the balloons . if you are saying the balloons just fly away when collected as if thrown , i would suspect you are either moving the wii control too hastily or your control is perhaps faulty . make sure the main wii control is fairly still whilst using the direction on the nunchuck to move round and collect the balloons . if you are sure you are doing this , then perhaps try a different control . i would always recommend a proper nintendo one , as other cheaper versions do tend to do odd things like this sometimes .
it is your current amount of medi-gel the use of the logo is more obvious when you look at medi-gel dispenser and medi-gel boxes .
no , the tools are too limited . you have only 5 filter options available : the mana gem cost : 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 or 7+ the search box ( finds all cards with the word , so " murloc " finds hungry crab ) the set ( more on this later ) show only golden cards include soulbound cards ( shows more cards ) if you want to find cards you can craft which you are not yet able to play , you need to do the following : set filters to : all mana gems , empty search box , expert set , do not show only golden cards , do not include soulbound cards . examine each card . if you have 0 , the card will appear blue . if you have 1 , there will not be a x2 tag . there should be a x2 tag on all the non-golden cards unless ( a ) the card is legendary ( you only get one ) or ( b ) you have additional gold versions of the card bringing you to 2 total . change filter to promo set repeat step 2 there is no need to check the basic set , reward set or the naxxramas set as all non-golden cards in these sets are soulbound ( cannot be crafted ) . do check the include soulbound cards filter if you are examining these sets .
there is no skill that has an area of effect large enough to cover all 8 squares of the 2x4 configuration of enemies in the cave of ordeals 4 . it will take you a minimum of two characters to clear coo4 . here are some skills with very large area of effect : winged slayer ( sword ) : ( 3x3 ) dimension slash ( sword ) : ( 1x5 ) big bang ( fist ) : ( 3x3 ) magic ( any ) : up to 3x3 coo4 is still the best level to gain levels fast . the official disgaea 2 strategy guide by doublejump books has a very long procedure for power leveling . here are the high points : make some level 1283 or higher nekomatas by combining , capturing them , and repeating . unlock the ability to create carmillas . in the dark world 5-2 , kill the two carmillas closest to the base , and the geo clone symbol . wait turns for the level 1300 carmilla to get to l2197 . kill 2 level up geo symbols , and wait 1 more turn . attack the carmilla to weaken her ; hold her up during round ends to avoid her gaining any more levels . send your l1283 nekomata back into the base panel and then throw in the carmilla to capture her . repeat the above step as necessary to get to level 9999 carmillas . capture as many of the level 9999 carmillas as you want , and reincarnate them into space knights ( boost your int with all your bonus points ) . max out an armsmaster specialist at 1900 . same for manager ( 300 ) , mentor ( 300 ) , broker ( 300 ) and professional ( 100 ) . also make a firefighter , aeronaut or cryophile at 100 - whichever matches your skull . also make a maxxed out lovers for both magicians and magic knights . also make 10 level 19998 nerds . ( the guide notes that this is the tedious step . ) make a skull in your favorite element ( fire in this example ) . equip the skull with your best staff . everything else should increase his sp . put all of the specialists above on his equipment . teach you skull tera-fire , and then cast tera-fire on an enemy immune to fire until tera-fire is at level 52 . this is best done on an attack+x panel . reincarnate the skull into a genius space knight . switch out the lover on the newly-minted space knight 's equipment . pass all stronger enemy bills in the senate . spend a couple of hours soloing the new space knight in cave of ordeals 4 to reach level 9999 . ( seriously , that is the short version . ) at the final step , and every other step where non-monsters need to level up , coo4 is the place to go .
you have to build a lumber mill to get the laurel wreath
just inputs , also known as just frames and all those things you said above , work mostly the same way as normal moves . the difference is that they requires a very precise timing in order for the move to come out as advertised . most of these also make your character glow white upon successful execution so that you know you did it right . the game runs at 60 frames per second , and most just inputs have a 3-frame window or less for successful input . this means that you have one twentieth of a second or less to put this input in . the exact window is dependent on the specific move in question . mashing the button as fast as you can is not a viable strategy for just input . this is a finesse mechanic , and not a brute force mechanic , and while i am not 100% sure of how the engine handles mashing just inputs to keep them ineffective , i am 100% sure that it is not a reliable way to get these to work . as for strategies on how to learn these inputs , keep trying different timings until you get it right . once you do , you have to learn the rhythm of the move . most just inputs are followups to other moves you can use , and thus inherently give you a basis to time your attack off of . each just input has a different rhythm , but if you practice one enough you can get surprisingly reliable at it .
after a long time with no answers and being unable to find one myself ( and mostly having not played the game a ton ) i would have to say there is no in game way of doing it . i have heard important plot npc characters will send you a message or something if you do not do anything with the plot in awhile but can not really confirm that .
the sidekick that you get for a particular stage tends to be the best for defeating the boss of that stage ( and many times the stage itself ) at least if you are playing the game normally and the sidekicks are equally upgraded . more specifically : stage 0: goombario is the only sidekick , so what do you want ? stage 1: bombette works perfectly for normal enemies in this dungeon as well as the bullet bill launchers . kooper 's multi-target attack is great for the multi-part boss , and dizzy shell prevents them from going into super-attack mode if i remember correctly . stage 2: parakarry is perfect for this boss with his powerful ranged attack , and ranged attack in general . stage 3: bow protects mario from the tubba blubba 's heart 's charge-round attack with her invisibility . stage 4: this boss has several parts . i do not remember the first couple parts , but i think goombario , kooper , bombette , or bow may make quick work of them due to superior attack . watt is best for the final ( main ) part of the boss due to the fact that he ( ? ) ignores defense with his attacks and the boss has 2 defense . stage 5: if you upgrade sushie to ultimate form , she is unstoppable for this boss since she can stun all three of the boss enemies at once . even if you do not upgrade , she is still the only partner who can stun even one of the pieces other than mario ( and he requires equipment to do so ) . stage 6: lakilester 's spiny surge is great for taking out the tuff puffs . it is a cheap move , it does very little damage to huff n . puff himself ( thus generating fewer retaliatory tuff puffs ) and saves you quite a bit of damage . cloud nine is also great for protecting mario in this battle . after that , i think that the partner that really shines against the bosses is watt . both of the final bosses have defense , which watt ignores . watt can also increase mario 's attack which helps to mitigate the additional defense since the battles last relatively long . fighting normal enemies is generally pretty trivial , but if they have no defense , goombario ( charge + multibonk = 10+ ) and bow ( fan smack = 10 ) can cause a lot of damage to individual enemies . bombette 's ultra bomb is nice for taking out hanging enemies as is parakarry 's air raid ( easier , but less damage ) , and sushie 's tidal wave is also good for this . lakilester and bow can also get rid of trash if you do not feel like fighting . the only partner i do not feel ages well at all is kooper . he does really shine in stage 1 , but you probably will not use him much after that . his ultra move can instantly kill dry bones , though , which is nice .
battlefield 3 is expected to have similar requirements as bad company 2 . here is the official information . below i have included the minimum and recommmended system requirements . your 2x9600gt is not quite as powerful as a gtx 460 , but it is not that slow either . so if you reduce the settings a little , i think you should do fine . gtx460 scores 23332 points in 3dmark 2006 , while 2x9600gt scores 19857 points . note that 9600gt does not support directx 11 , so if bf3 makes good use of that , the effects will be a lot nicer . see the crysis 2 direct x 11 review for more information on the benefits of directx 11 . minimum systen recommended system
i have an automatic piston-harvested farm with 16 cane plants harvested every ~10 seconds . here are two different estimations of the rate . by " growth " i mean the event of one block being added to the top of a sugar cane plant . when i watch the farm running , it seems to drop about 1 cane every 2 cycles ( but this is a fuzzy memory ) ; this would be a rate of ( 1 cane ) / ( 20 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/320 growths per plant per second . when i come by to collect its drops , i usually get 6-8 canes ( but this excludes the number which miss the water stream and get stuck inside the farm ) ; if the farm has been active and the collection point untouched for a full 5 minutes = 300 seconds ( item despawn time ) , then we get ( 8 canes ) / ( 300 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/600 growths per plant per second . the latter figure is probably closer to correct as it does not involve an estimation of probability .
before killing and reviving aerie , you should check the spot at the graveyard where you first meet bodhi . alternatively do not give her all those items in the first place .
starting a new character fixed it . . . do not know why . no patch ( it is tomorrow morning ) and i could get it with this new char . could still not get it on both my barb 60 and my dh 60 yesterday . . . kind of weird . but if someone have the same problem , try making a new char ( made wd , but dont think it has anything to do with this ) .
i think i found the answer . on ps3 , high-powered scopes are steadied by pressing the l3 button ( the left joystick ) . when i pressed the joystick , i also slightly pushed it to the right . this rightward pressure caused the vertical cross-hair to lean toward the right . since i was shooting at a distant target , i also aimed high to compensate for bullet drop . since the scope was tilted , adjustments along the ( no longer ) vertical cross-hair introduced horizontal inaccuracy . i just have to be careful and press straight down . by testing , i was able to get the scope reticle to lean right or left by applying left or right pressure . it is very slight , but enough to cause a miss on longer range targets .
the way Tribes: Ascend works is by having separate servers for each level boundary , and you will join one of those . however , if someone ( e . g . that level 40 ) was friends with a level 20 . they could use the " join match " button via the friends list and end up in an easy match . i am not sure what hi-rez are doing on the matter . they could limit the levels when joining friends , but this would stop friends of different levels playing together as likely all your friends are not the same level as you .
it shows the highest iv , and its value modulo 5 ( check out how do iv stats work ? for information about ivs ) . if there are mutliple highest ivs , the value is choosed randomly depending on personality value ( which is also random ) . it can be used to easiily determine which iv is highest . depending on value of iv , the following characteristics appear . for example , " takes plenty of siestas " could mean hp iv ending with 1 or 6 ( but having just 1 hp iv is rather unlikely , as it shows the highest iv , and that would mean other statistics are even lower - but unless you are abusing rng or are just that unlucky , the only situation where that actually could happen is roaming iv glitch in third generation ) . the highest iv is in hp 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: loves to eat 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: takes plenty of siestas ( often dozes off before gen6 ) 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: nods off a lot ( often scatters things before gen6 ) 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: scatters things often 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: likes to relax the highest iv is in attack 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: proud of its power 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: likes to thrash about 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: a little quick tempered 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: likes to fight 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: quick tempered the highest iv is in defense 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: sturdy body 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: capable of taking hits 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: highly persistent 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: good endurance 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: good perseverance the highest iv is in special attack 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: highly curious 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: mischievous 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: thoroughly cunning 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: often lost in thought 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: very finicky the highest iv is in special defense 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: strong willed 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: somewhat vain 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: strongly defiant 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: hates to lose 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: somewhat stubborn the highest iv is in speed 0 , 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30: likes to run 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 , 26 , 31: alert to sounds 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 , 27: impetuous and silly 3 , 8 , 13 , 18 , 23 , 28: somewhat of a clown 4 , 9 , 14 , 19 , 24 , 29: quick to flee
the doctor was not only trying to save the colony but was also trying to save herself . she turned out to be half-infested already and the cutscene after the mission shows you dealing an infested version of her . i did not find any noticeable impacts on the decision i made aside from the bonus research though . edit : did not notice this one . apparently the reward is visual . wiki for safe haven ( siding with the terrans ) you get a banner from the refugees . for haven 's fall ( siding with the protoss ) you get a commemorative plaque from selendis .
aside from the xp bonuses , the actual direct effect of donating to the allies is not that clear . i would not bother spending an excess amount of time collecting materials . just throw whatever extras you have to them for the bonus xp , but going out of your way is unnecessary . this page details a little more info on which items are specifically needed for each ally .
if you look closely at the nearby text , you can see that the trial code has already been used on the account . most of the code is x'ed out , because it now just serves to let you distinguish between different codes you may have applied at some point . you do not need to enter the code again , you should be able to simply start up the game and play .
picks turn up commonly in and around mines - look for the crossed hammer icon on the maps ( shown here ) : how do i find an ore mine ? you will also see them in some of the shops in the villages .
mmr is not based off of race . a lot of people have been asking blizzard to introduce mmr decay for races that you do not play . basically every forum post gets bumped who ask for this feature . any mmr changes will be listed in the patch notes , so if a new patch is released you will find your new information there .
no . there are only 24 infusions in the game and you would need 30 to max out all three stats . sources : ps3 trophies gamesradar n4g
it is explicitly because they are an interracial couple . remember , the game is set in the early 20th century - such relationships were not just frowned upon , they were often explicitly illegal . and even when they were not explicitly illegal , they were generally implicitly illegal , in the sense that people engaged in them would often end up murdered .
this is an intended feature to keep higher levels out of lower level brackets .
mcupdate.tumblr.com, with which you can subscribe to with rss , seems to reliably report the latest version as the newest post with the title minecraft [x.x(.x)] . edit i am slightly drunk , and feeling bashy , so here 's a command that will return the latest version of minecraft :
the horadric cube is not in diablo 3 . given the diablo series tries to extrapolate from a character having performed the actions in previous diablos , my assumption due to the lack of evidence is that it remained in the possession of the hero who killed diablo and baal 20 years earlier until they passed away . the horadric cube would not have magically made its way back to deckard cain unless it was specifically handed to him . after all , he was not in possession of it in diablo 2 .
the functions not chosen are not lost . you can select them again every few levels , starting with level 5 .
they are fairly easy to spot [ bigger than mw2 ] , you just have to check out the skies for a moment . here is a video , so that you know what to look for .
champions : magic damage : amumu ' s despair deals % max hp in a small aoe around him over time as long as the ability is toggled on brand ' s blaze passive deals % max hp when he deals damage with any of his spells dr . mundo ' s infected cleaver deals % current hp elise ' s neurotoxin deals % current hp elise ' s venomous bite deals % missing hp evelynn ' s agony 's embrace deals % current hp in a targetted aoe fizz ' s seastone trident 's passive deals bonus damage % missing hp on basic attacks garen ' s demcian justice deals bonus damage based on target 's missing hp jayce ' s thundering blow deals % max hp kog'maw ' s bio-arcane barrage deals % max hp on auto-attacks as long as the ability is active . also increases his maximum auto-attack range malzahar ' s null zone deals % max hp over time in a targetted aoe mordekaiser ' s children of the grave deals % max hp over a long duration . if you die while affected by this , you become morde 's " pet " for a limited time . nasus ' fury of the sands deals max hp in an aoe around him as long as the ability is active poppy ' s devastating blow deals bonus damage based on target 's % max hp varus ' s blighted quiver ( upon activating the passive marks ) deal % max hp warwick ' s hungering strike deals % max hp physical damage : jarvan iv ' s martial cadence deals % current hp as bonus damage on his basic attacks kha ' zix ' s taste their fear ( with evoled enlarged claws ) deals bonus damage based on target 's % missing hp to isolated targets lee sin ' s resonating strike deals % missing hp nidalee ' s takedown deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp riven ' s windslash deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp vi ' s denting blows passive deals bonus damage based on target 's max hp volibear ' s frenzy active deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp xin zhao ' s crescent sweep deals % current hp in an aoe true damage : vayne ' s silver bolts deal % max hp every third basic attack against a single target items : physical damage : blade of the ruined king ' s ( not available on the crystal scar ) passive deals % current hp on basic attacks blade of the ruined king ' s active deal % max hp and also heals the user for that same amount . effect also lowers your move-speed and boosts the user 's magic damage : blackfire torch ' s ( twisted treeline and crystal scar only ) passive deal % max hp when you deal magic damage . uses 1 charge per second and contains 18 at once , which are restored over time when not used . deathfire grasp ' s active deals % max hp and increases magic damage done to that target for a limited time kitae 's bloodrazor ' s ( crystal scar and proving grounds only ) passive deals % max hp on basic attacks liandry 's torment ' s ( summoner 's rift and proving grounds only ) passive deals % current hp when you deal magic damage in addition to all of these , mikael 's crucible ' s active heals a single ally for a % of their missing hp
firstblood in a competetive match means more gold for everybody , which results ina ll 3 lanes having wards from minute 1 on ! this is very important since the enemy jungler cant gank anymore . in soloq , fb raises the moral of your own team , and morale one of the biggest factors for who is gonna win .
there are a number of factions in the mojave that have the power to affect the outcome of the final stages of the game and/or the ending in some way . the point of the " side bets " quest is to get you to interact with ( or ignore ) these factions , who you might not run into unless you are prompted to do so . normally , the ncr/house/legion quest lines will force you to interact with these factions and gain their support ( or prevent them from supporting your enemies ) as part of storyline missions , but if you are playing the yes man/wild card track , there is a lot more freedom in who you deal with/kill/etc . thus , yes man can be told that you wish to ignore them , since obtaining their loyalty might be impossible depending on your previous decisions . it is certainly possible to win while ignoring all of these factions - in fact , following the yes man track can take you from the start to the end of the game in under a couple of hours , if you play your cards right . having some or all of these guys on your side can make things easier , though .
no changes have been applied for the collision check between nautilus ' q and player created terrain , however , they are looking for it . but for now , nautilus ' q does not hit jarvan iv 's cataclysm terrain .
it seems to be something related to co-op gaming . from destiny wiki : orbs of light are glowing balls of energy generated by other guardians when they use their super abilities . orbs can be picked up by any other player in the fireteam , and provide a large boost to a player 's super ability recharge meter . 1 the super ability recharge boost when the player picks up an orb appears to be larger than the boost that players receive from kills , time , or other actions . orbs of light do not appear to serve any other function , and are a cooperative gameplay mechanic designed to encourage players to play in fireteams and reward them for working together .
it changes the look of the game by adding effects like floor lights and turning coins . the game will reload if you press it .
the full changelog is listed on mojang 's website ( copied below ) . the line you mention , " added a few other things for players to discover , " is in the tutorial world section . therefore i suspect it just means they added some cool touches to the tutorial world to demonstrate the use of new items ( pistons , stacked fences , etc ) , to add to its charm . they may have added some little easter eggs to this world too , but i can not say for sure . minecraft : xbox 360 edition july 2012 update changelog : http://www.mojang.com/2012/07/minecraft-xbox-360-edition-update-is-out/ features : added pistons and sticky pistons . added stackable fences . added shears  required to get wool from sheep , and to collect leaf blocks . tnt needs flint and steel or redstone to detonate . redstone wire will now connect to a repeater . new textures for cobblestone and brick . added character skin selector to allow players to choose their skin from the default skins , or from downloadable content skin packs . added lighting improvements ( brought forward from 1.8.2 update ) and snow and rain improvements . added a save file cache to improve the speed of displaying the saves list . added ban list functionality to allow players to self-ban from levels they feel contain offensive content . added a ban list section to the how to play menus . added an option for the host to limit online games to only players in their friends list ( no friends of friends ) . added a seed display to the level load screen ( requires existing levels to be saved out again to add the display ) . changed the tooltip display setting to in-game tooltip display , so that tooltips always display in menus . added the crosshair to the list of things affected by the opacity slider . on using the quickselect bar , the opacity of the quickselect , tooltips , splitscreen gamertag display , and crosshair will be set to 80 , and will fade back down to the user opacity setting after 6 seconds of no quickselect bar use . added some more tips and trivia to the loading/saving screen display . tutorial world changes and additions : added optional tutorial for pistons and redstone . added a self-building bridge to the castle using pistons . added some sugar cane , cactii and clay to the world . added a few other things for players to discover . fixes : fix for only the host being shown the pop-up when any player attempts to place lava near the spawn point . fixed tooltip for flint and steel . fix for note blocks not showing notes . fix for leaderboard reads taking too long . fix to block players re-entering a level they have been kicked from , until the level is restarted . fix to stop players being able to join a game when they are not a friend of any player in the game . fix for netherracks re-appearing after being mined . fix for a rare crash on entering the nether . fix for attacking enemies at a different level not damaging them . fixed a problem causing some save games not to load . removed herobrine .
both the unit and the equipment are lost when you stomp your own unit . if you want to save the unit and equipment you will need to revive them with a healer or an item that has that ability .
you can set the minecraft directory in the profile editor . go to " edit profile " , and check " game directory " for each profile . the game will create new folders for saves , resourcepacks and logs . it will continue to use the appropriate version you selected for the profile ( found in the " versions " folder ) , rather than download the game files again . you can then move the saves you have to the save folders for the correct profile .
the field surrounding gardevoir is a giant reflection bubble , reflecting and doubling the damage of any projectile that opponents try to toss inside or use while inside . it does not attack opponents directly , but you can feel free to camp nearby and shoot your own projectiles outwards while being safe from most anything that does not come up and punch you in the face .
this is discussed on the secret world forums . how does blood offering get activated ? blood offering is a dot ( damage over time ) that gets activated when you use a blood ability without enough resources for it . this is also mentioned in the following thread about blood dps rotations blood dps bloodshot ( no resources , puts up blood offering . . . )
the bird will fly by once in a while at random , there is no set time and no way to make it appear . look for something that resembles a seagull flying over your little town , and tap on it to fire away .
no , bullets do not pass through enemies . to my knowledge , no special weapon effect ( red text ) does it either . that is borderlands , though . can not say anything about borderlands 2 . as a side note , some special weapon effects cause bullets to ricochet , but trying to aim with that effect in mind is probably more trouble than it is worth . there is also splash damage from explosions , and elemental effects might spread to nearby enemies even if they have not been hit by a bullet .
there is not a clear answer , as it depends on circumstances . the game keeps a population of each kind of chicken , and every interval it breeds some , and every interval ( a different one ) robots kill some . a bit into the game you can learn the skill statistics that will allow you to see the population of each kind of chicken . here come the numbers : every breed interval ( 2 seconds default , 1.75 sec with medicine ) , the chickens breed . every kind 's population grows by current_kind_population/1000 , up to the maximum of 999999999999 . robots run every 3 seconds and each one of them kills between 2 and 10 normal chickens , between 1 and 6 iron chickens and between 0 and 2 gold chickens ( all ranges are inclusive ) . therefore , to make sure your ( for example normal chicken ) population is not hunted out , the following must hold : normal_chicken_pop/1000 * 3 &gt;= number_of_robots * 10 * 2  where the 10 on the right side is the maximum of normal chickens the robots can hunt , and the 2 and 3 are to make both respective time intervals the same length ( with no medicine ) . similar process applies to other kinds of chickens . source : the game code
you are pretty limited in your options if the server does not have a /unstuck command . without this you will have to : a : wait until you starve/attract a passing zed or b : have an admin move you . good luck !
i have gotten that error repeatedly , and it seems tied to particular items , rather than anything to do with the limit on your number of auctions . the speculation is that items can have less than 1 point of durability loss , which causes them to not show as needing repair , but also prevents them from going up for auction . i just tried this , and it worked : sell the item ( s ) you are getting this error for to an in-game merchant , then buy them back . then repair all . this fixed the two items i was most recently having problems with , and allowed me to put them up for auction . update patch 1.0.2.9950 release notes it is worth noting that as of diablo 3 patch 1.0.2.9950 this is no longer the case as you are now able to auction items that are not at 100% durability . from the patch notes : damaged items can now be sold on the auction house once sold , damaged items will be repaired automatically when moved from the purchasing player 's completed tab to their stash please note that unsold damage items will not be automatically repaired when returned to the seller 's stash
the are not . you get the same proc chance regardless of your weapon speed . check out http://www.lurkerlounge.com/forums/thread-13842.html , they have a discussion about stunlocking monsters . do note that crowd-control effects on bosses do not last as long , and on higher difficulties even normal monsters are more resilient to crowd-control .
climates of tamriel changes lighting significantly , so you have to use an enb preset that is designed to be compatible with cot . several are listed in the description page of cot , toward to bottom under " enb presets " . uninstall your current preset and use one of those instead .
i believe marrakech is the capital province . it is hard to see in your photo , but i think you will see a crown on top of a pole coming out of the map in that province -- that indicates it is a national capitol . you would receive that province as part of a full annexation , but you can not just take the capital as if it were any other province .
i had a ralink based wireless card too and in particular with windows 7 i had plenty of problems . high ping , disconnections , and so on . my first suggestion is to try to connect directly to the modem with an ethernet patch , only to verify that using this connection the ping problem is solved . if it helps i can say that in my case i solved the problem without doing holes around , but i simply bought a couple of netgear powerline/ethernet adapters that worked perfectly .
you are almost on the right track , but some of your math is a little off . first i am going to define effective dps : 100 * Damage / (Attack Cooldown * (Minerals + Gas * 2.5)) next let 's look at the marine and the marauder : Marine: \xa0\xa0100 * 6 / (0.86 * 50) \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0= 13.95 Marauder: 100 * 10 / (1.5 * (100 + 25 * 2.5)) = \xa04.10  so the marine has about 3.5 times as much effective dps . for the marauder to win out against the marine you had need at least 3.5 times as much hp . the marauder to marine ratio is 125 / 45 = 2.7 ultimately , the opinion on teamliquid has almost nothing to do with this calculus and everything to do with real world experience . in real world scenarios groups of marines beat out groups of marauders , not only because the effective dps ratio is higher than the hit point ratio , but also because marines take up less space ; this means that more marines will be able to attack at the same time . ultimately that math trumps just about any theory crafting you and i could perform . note , that in marauder vs marine , marines only do 5 damage , which reduces their effective dps to 11.6 , and the dps ratio to 2.8 . while this still gives the advantage to the marines , it is paltry compared to the size advantage .
no there is no tool to enable you to jump/scroll directly to a point . however , you can speed up the replay speed more than the standard x8 using replay seeker . warning : it can still be buggy .
in general , if i pass an obstacle that my follower can not navigate , i can walk up ahead a bit then rest for an hour . this almost always forces your follower to teleport beside you .
it really depends on the type of enemy you are fighting . it is a pure counter to the chenjesu broodhome , as the energy recharges sproadically so the dog can not get to them easily . the umgah drone weapon does insane damage and can usually block/destroy any incoming projectile weapons ( awesome against the chenjesu broodhome crystal attacks ) . . i find often that if i am able to turn and face the enemy , i would just charge blinding forward , get close enough to blast them . this works best if the enemy moves slowly or have a giant planet behind them . another technique i use is using the edges of the cone attack to nick the enemy . the width of the corn is much greater size than your ship . as long as i am close enough to zip toward them , i turn my ship in such a way that as i zip past them , the corners of my cone attack nicks the enemy , which is usually sufficient to do great amount of damage .
i ended up buying the wii u version . i play on the gamepad , and if anyone joins me they use a regular wii remote + nunchuck . switching characters and using the map is a lot easier using the gamepad . i zoom around the map and pick from the gigantic list of characters simply by tapping and dragging on the gamepad , without ever opening a menu on screen . the other player has to struggle with tiny menus ( because of the split screen ) and an intrusive map . i think another difference between the wii u version and the ps3 version is the lack of dlc for the wii u , but i can not really find a lot of information about that . it could be that the dlc characters are already available to unlock on the wii u using a code . so , i would say that character selection and map on the gamepad is the main difference between the wii u version and other versions ( except maybe for the 3ds ) .
do not itemize just for dragon/baron control , because you will think you are doing it sneaky , having warded and dewarded around drake and doing it solo jungler , but if the enemy team/jungler guesses it your itemisation will not help much in a smite fight . nunu can solo drake from lvl 6 onwards , if you are willing to use your ult to get some of that huge dmg that would be too long to do over time , because e is not so good as a damaging spell ( cooldownwise , else it is a good spell in a burst combo ) . his q is of course very good , but the cd is way too long , and i would suggest you keep it for doublesmiting drake or baron . i would never solo baron as nunu , even in a bot game when you are super fed , because that is something only ad hypercarries can do , like master yi and ads with insane sustain . duo baron with hypercarry like vayne can work very well because nunu tanks well and can boost as . it should work any time from mid game onwards if you or your carry are not so far behind . but always keep in mind that the presence/absence of the adc and his last seen position are the more important pieces of information for the enemy team . do a ap/tanky build , get spirit of the spectral wraith early . the equilibrium between ap and tanky will depend on enemy team comp and yours , if you lack apcs , get some ap and play sneakier to get those ult traps that can turn games at lower elos . i would personnally get mega tanky items that allow me to reach the 40% cdr cap that is very important to keep your carry on steroids and perma-slow an enemy . that and of course , great sustain and q buffs easily , and ult available every fight or so .
the game has 6 possible endings , but only 5 are available on the first playthrough . the ending obtained depends on 3 factors . one factor is the " moral score " , increased or decreased depending on the moral choices made during gameplay , and how many monsters the player has killed . a positive score can be obtained when murphy makes positive moral choices , and by sparing the lives of monsters . a negative score is accumulated when murphy makes poor moral choices , and when he kills monsters , rather then incapacitating or ignoring them . the second factor is the decision regarding anne 's fate in the game 's finale . the third consists of the player surviving the finale , since dying only rewards the player with the reversal ending . after the game 's completion a new sidequest is added , digging up the past , and completing this sidequest it rewards the player with the surprise ending . akin to silent hill 4: the room , downpour does not have a ufo ending . endings ending a - forgiveness : you will obtain this ending by having good karma ( choose to help when given the option ) and sparing the character at the end . ending b - truth and justice : you will receive this ending if you killed too many enemies , even if you had good karma otherwise by choosing to help the two other characters early on . ending c - full circle : achieve this ending by having good karma ( choose to help when given the option ) but killing the character at the end . ending d - execution : this ending is achieved by having bad karma ( do not choose to help when given the option ) and by killing the character at the end . ending e - surprise : this ending is achieved by completing the digging up the past side quest on your second play through . ending f - reversal : achieve this ending by dying at the end . anna will wake up from a dream and be inside a cell , and murphy will be a prison guard . resources : - silent hill wikia - ign the video including all ending cutscenes :
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
obviously missile turrets just are not good enough , as they are designed to stop harass ( 3-4 muta ) and not larger pushes . a large number of people will tell you thors are the answer , and with their bonus to light and aoe this seems reasonable . let 's take a moment to consider this . mutalisk vs thor . first i am going to need to pull in some numbers from a spreadsheet . we can see that mutalisks get 8.15 dps and thors get 16 dps vs light air . so already thors have an advantage . additionally , with splash , the thor hits more than one muta at a time . so this reasonable assumption seems to hold up very well . let us pretend we are jane goodhall for a moment and observe this match up in the wild . i happen to have a good match : sen vs demuslim ( you can fast forward to 10 minutes in ) . strangely the marine/thor combo seems to die out to a pure muta approach . now part of this can be attributed to sen 's excellent play , but demuslim is a very good player so that can not be the reason ( where as sen could stomp me with any unit ) . so why are thors dying ? well sen will attack with muta ratios of 4:1 or 5:1 , well beyond the cost ratio . demuslim never seems to be able to field enough thors . this is largely a result of the thor 's long build time ( compared to muta coming out of hatcheries ) , and slow speed . demuslim tries to compliment this with dropships , but those are more cost with no real combat benefit . what is more demuslim is forced into making slow pushes against a very mobile zerg force . by comparison , its very easy for sen to build a lot of expansions and just get gas out of them , allowing for a more gas heavy force ( remember gas is our limiting fact for building ) . i will not ruin the end of the match , but at the very least we can see that thors seem to die out to mutalisks outside of the 30 vs 90 scenario . so what is a terran to do ? well you can compliment your thors with scvs , but what you really need is more damage . luckily enough there is a very cheap way for terran to get more damage . marines ! stimmed marines are very effective vs mutalisks . what is more they have no additional gas cost . what is more those medivacs that you are carrying thors around in really boost the survivability of those marines . the best part is , there is no terran strategy which does not allow for easy production of marines . i would also add that building turrets is a very cheap way to slow down a mutalisk attack and give your marine/thor forces time to get into position . finally , its worth noting that the first 2 points of armor do double work against mutalisks as they reduce bounce damage as well . i wrote this answer before idra vs tarson in iem when idra debut the " magic box . " the magic box is a technique that zerg can use to keep mutalisks spread out as the engage thors to minimize splash . to execute the " magic box " you do the following : group your muta and send them to a location tell your muta to stop s wait till your mutalisks spread out , they will be far enough apart as to take no thor splash move m ( do not attack move ) to the thor tell your muta to stop s or hold h above the thor note : that thors will do a lot of damage to muta without splash , however , this should significantly increase the muta survivability . source material i originally wrote this post to debunk the idea that thors hard counter mutalisks . in my rush to do so i forgot to provide a very good counter : ghosts . once again let me provide viewing materia : jinro vs blank . its worth noting that all zerg units are biological and thus the ghost ability " snipe " is effective against all of them . however , ghost dps is fairly low ( 6.67 ) and only really improves vs light ( 13.33 ) and are actually more cost effective vs mutalisks than thors ( though at lower hp ) . however , what really makes them work is that " snipe . " snipe is worth 45 hp ( goes through armor ) for 25 energy , which means a full ghost can snipe 3.6 mutalisks worth of damage ( at only 1.5 the cost ) . what is more ghosts have a faster build time ( 40s vs the thor 's 60s ) ; are built out of baracks ( so synergize nicely with mmm play ) ; can be healed by medivac ; and even go invisible to get the jump . finally , when compared to marines , ghosts are not light ( they have no armor type ) and have 100 hp ( twice the hit points ) , so are not as susceptible to banelings ( though are very weak against muta into roach ) .
( note : this answer applies to the xbox 360 version . i am not certain whether this is possible on other consoles . ) start up rock band 1 while connected to xbox live . the xbox will tell you there is a title update available ; let it patch . after it patches , there will be an option off the main menu to " export " your songs . select it and follow the instructions . note that this process costs about $5 , a few gb of hard drive space , and quite a bit of time . . . so if you are running low on time , free space , or cash this might not be the option for you . i can only assume that a similar process will work for rock band 2 to get the songs into rock band 3 .
no , there is no way to play it in widescreen with the correct aspect ratio .
you will want to split the signal ( just put branching redstone like a t shape ) coming from the lever and reverse it for one of the pistons using a not gate . that will mean when one has power , the other does not . if the timing is off , you can also put repeaters after the split so one has a bit of a delay .
heh , apparently the l1 button has two different functionalities . i thought sneaking required you to hold the l1 button down ( nothing in the game ever said otherwise , and most other games i have played require you to hold the button ) , but holding the button down actually causes you to crouch rather than sneak . what you actually have to do is just press the l1 button ( releasing rather than holding ) and you enter into sneaking mode , and you press l1 again to exit out of sneaking mode . while in sneaking mode you are able to sneak up behind people and perform the sneak attacks ( like i have been informed is possible ) . using this method i have not encountered any problems with successfully completing the sneak attacks .
the distance that your new portal needs to be away from the old one is not terribly large , only 128 blocks , but it is measured in terms of the destination world ; every block in the nether is worth eight in the overworld , meaning you will need to move around 1024 blocks or so away to keep a new portal from joining the one that already exists in the nether . i say " around 1024 blocks or so " , because the existing portal on the nether side may already be some distance away from the location that would best match up with the existing overworld portal . there are , however , a few other options . you could try building a bridge across the lava on the nether side . painful and awkward , but once across , you could build a new nether portal on that end , destroy the nether-side one that exists ( just punching it to turn it off should suffice ) , and hope that the new nether-side portal successfully connects to your existing one . alternatively , you might be able to make a suicide run through the portal , destroy the island so it is no longer a valid spot ( and also destroy the portal on that side , too ) , then once you die and respawn on the overworld side , a quick trip through should trigger the creation of a whole new nether-side portal , which might not be in such a poor location .
you have to unlock them through the level grid system . as far as i remember , mahopon it is unlocked after you unlock the penguin patapon .
any 5th generation pokemon game is compatible with any of the other 3 5th generation games ( so white , black 2 , and white 2 , in your case ) . while you can not trade directly , it is also possible to ( albeit , one way ) transfer pokemon from any of the 5 4th generation games ( diamond , pearl , platinum , heartgold , soulsilver ) to pokemon black . since 4th generation games themselves can do a one-way transfer of pokemon from the 3rd gen , it is possible to bring pokemon from even ruby , sapphire , and emerald into pokemon black .
the number of great works in a given city does not , in and of itself , make a difference , nor do the location of the city , nor the nature of the work , but once you start getting buildings with more than one slot , there is the opportunity for theming bonuses if you have multiple great works in the same building , meeting certain conditions . as well , there are a number of different effects from various buildings , wonders , or civilizations ' unique abilities , which can provide bonuses to tourism generated in a given city , so stacking multiple great works in a city with such bonuses will mean more great works getting the bonus . lastly , any time a city is captured , any great works still in that city are also captured , which makes border cities a little riskier . however , because you can move great works instantly across any distance as long as it is your turn , you can usually move them out when a city is under siege and losing , before it is taken , as long as you remember .
just to correct some mis-information in this question and responses : a classic game ( without the tutorial ) starts you with 5 engineers + 5 scientists . for both the workshop and laboratory , they require 6 engineers /scientists to unlock them for construction . if you do not feel you can take the first 4 engineer ( or scientist if your rushing the laboratory ) mission that pops up , then rely on your second satellite to pick up an african or asian country to get the +1 engineer bonus if you have set up in north/south america/europe , giving you the required 6 engineers for the start of month 2 . ( for the lab , the opposite is true , place a satellite in north/south america/europe ) . i would say that getting the first 4 engineer mission is more helpful than controlling the panic levels however , allowing you to focus on something more beneficial such as the officer training school ^^
i am fairly certain the incorrect values in the lower right are a bug/defect in the game . occasionally i have witnessed multiple alien targets all showing as 1% , despite being in the open with no cover . i have not conducted extensive testing to confirm , but i believe the values that appear when targeting the creature ( top center in the image ) are correct .
in valve games you are able to record demos that capture every tick of information , so players will record a full set of demos then put them into a program that counts the number of ticks . in portal 2 ( dunno about portal ) the tick rate is 60 hz , so the time is ticks/60 ( which is why any times you see down to the millisecond will be multiples of 1/60 ) . exceptions are made at the start and end of a run for when the player actually gets control , usually deemed to be when the crosshair appears/disappears . runners will open up the demos , step through them frame-by-frame watching the crosshair , then subtract that many ticks . more generally as to how speed runs are " officially " timed , the most " official " ( notice the quotes ) body i know for speed-runs would be the speed demos archive , who maintain a decent amount of runs across various platforms . they have an faq about how to time runs , but some communities can be strong enough to add game- or engine-specific exceptions to their general guidelines . if a game displays a time upon completion , and this time is tested to be accurate , then the timer will be used . an example of an inaccurate game timer is one that does not display the exact time when a player saves , such as star ocean 2 's timer , which drops seconds when saving . some game timers do not count time at pause/inventory screens , dialogs , cutscenes , etc . , so the time can be significantly less than the video length . some games have a timer but it can not be seen at the end of the game . in most of those cases the timer will be ignored . for some games like rpgs , however , such timers are displayed in a menu screen that you would be looking at before the final battle ; that time will be noted and real time from that point added on . for games without timers , a simple real-time measure is used . when the player first gains control of the game 's character , timing begins . at the end when control is lost , even if that is long after the final battle , the timing stops . possible movement that can occur during or after the ending credits does not count . for segmented runs , timing for a segment stops at the first system-dependent activity , usually the actual saving . when loading , the timing resumes at the point when the game was saving or displaying the password . for runs over three hours , the seconds are dropped because slight variations in recording speed can become significant .
it is an indicator whether or not their ultimate is up . league of legends has something similar . apparently i need another sentence so i do not get this automatically converted to a comment , but that is really all there is to it .
figured it out . the data is in the level . dat file . assuming you are using python , here 's a code snippet that should get the current time ( run " sudo pip install nbt " first ) : for bonus points , you can change the modulo to a division sign and get how many days it has been since you started .
the best thing you can do is minimize your interaction with objects , esp trash objects . skyrim has to track the position of every cup you knock off the table , so the more you disturb the " natural " world , the bigger your save file becomes . you can also allow time to pass ( as you mentioned ) , turn off or reduce the number of autosaves , and keep 2gb of free space on your hard drive . see also : tips to reduce skyrim lag edit : it seems the ps3 has a safe mode feature that may also help ; it is linked in the 2gb free space link .
it seems that the game does not attempt to sell things to you if you do not have the cash : it will only send trucks filled with resources you can afford at the time , and should you drop below that amount before they get to the trade building they will turn around and leave . therefore , you cannot go into the bankruptcy state via importing .
have you looked into powerline networking ? assuming your router and xbox are on the same mains circuit in your house , then that should be able to get a wired connection between your rooms without having to mess about laying new wiring . it is also generally better bandwidth and latency than a wireless solution ( though not quite up with proper wired ethernet kit ) . lots of companies do it these days , a quick amazon listing for powerline networking kit has a whole list of them .
no , you cannot kill vlad . until chapter 9 he usually sits there passive , until you move so far away from his spawn point , then he disappears . i think he is a ninja , because he disappears in a puff of smoke . i have dispensed about 50,000 hitpoints on him in single/multiplayer mode . he bleeds a lot , he can be set on fire , frozen , but his health never changes . as i said , he is probably a ninja . right ? &lt ; _&lt ;
start off here &mdash ; ( 1495 , 1359 ) near the upper sundari outpost : after jumping up the rocks you will get to this grassy plateau : at the back of which is a path : head down here : hang a right : you have made it ! this place is entirely empty , panorama : but there are some invisible walls/floors : this is overlooking where you head up : it is hard ( though not impossible ) to get back out the way you came , but there is plenty of other ways out like just jumping down in the image above . i was hoping for a datacron or something here ( why else would i spend so much time trying to get up there :p ) , but nope . maybe something is planned for here in a future update .
if you click on the city ( to enter the city 's menu ) in the lower left hand corner you will see how many hammers per turn that city is currently creating . units/buildings/wonders have a set hammer cost , the number of turns it will take that city to build that unit is the cost divided by hammers produced per turn ( with whatever modifiers apply from bonuses )
that is what is known as a set piece . there are several set pieces in the game ; some useful , some not so useful . the one you are looking at , which has been called the " insane pig " by some members of the community , is absolutely worthless . there seems to be nothing special about the pig or home within the indestructible basalt . they act just like a normal pig and home anywhere else on your world , producing the same items upon death/destruction as the others . as for the obelisks , well , you can infiltrate those ( and it is probably why it got the name " insane pig" ) . in order to lower the obelisks , allowing you walk across them , you must lower your sanity to ~15 or lower . so , it is really up to you if you think that is worth it .
are you sure the pet in question is charmable ? you need to find a " juvenile " version of the animal - not just any random mob . " hatchling " or " young " does not count ; it must be a juvenile ! be careful , because you might also be trying to tame another player 's pet - if a player has not named their pet , it will remain " juvenile x " , and may give no other indicator that it belongs to another player . finally , you may have already tamed one of those animals . rangers are limited to 1 of each unique pet - you can not tame multiple pink moas , no matter how cute you might find them .
it appears that you can use it multiple times , but you are restricted to using it once per hour , and will be blocked from using it during certain missions .
i would say that either you need newer drivers for you gpu or you gpu is not supporten . the specs : http://hi-rez.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/269/~/what-are-the-minimum-and-recommended-system-requirements-for-tribes%3a-ascend%3f you card ( not sure if this also counts for mobile versions of the card ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radeon_r700 so it has shader model 4.1 , which is enough ( again if it is not a special mobile version which is different ) . and you are sure you have the latest drivers from amd ? you can fill out this and get the latest ( i did not know if you had win/ 32 or 64bit ) : http://support.amd.com/us/gpudownload/pages/index.aspx otherwise there is an autodetect program that should help you : http://support.amd.com/us/gpudownload/windows/pages/auto_detect.aspx i hope this helps , christian
the dryad , does not have any other special requirements other than the base ones required to unlock her in the first place . if you have already unlocked the dryad and have a proper house , she should soon settle in that particular house . unless of course , she moved into another home . as jlabella has said , try checking if those homes are properly built to support npcs . you can do so by accessing the housing menu . specifically , click the house icon on the inventory screen , choose the " ? " housing query mark , and then click anywhere inside the houses in question . that'll tell you whether the home is suitable , or what specifically it is missing . you may also use this menu to determine where npcs are currently living , as well as change which npcs live where .
savescumming generally refers to the practice of reloading a saved game prior to a random event , repeatedly , until a favorable outcome is achieved . the term originated in the roguelike community , as the genre is known for the frequent occurrence of perma-death as a feature - in that community , any use of saved games to recover from a fatal mistake or poor roll of the dice , rather than restarting the game entirely , is considered to be unsporting or ' scummy ' behavior . these days , the term is often used in a variety of genres to refer to abuse of reloaded saves to yield optimal results .
at first i was confused as well , but do not worry , it is there . after your total points are calculated , many things are saved to the base new game template . whenever you start a new game , the game will use the new setup . every time you hit the end of march in year 8 this happens . available players ( and their levels and stats ) are saved . coach levels and learned formations are saved . all upgrades except for stadium and field upgrades are saved . fan activity levels are saved . previously owned players start at 50% interest . sponsor interest is saved ( previously signed sponsors start at 100% , but points still need to be spent to resign ) . facility placement is saved . when you start a new game , you will start with the initial players and coach , as well as starting money and available matches . you will have to reassemble your team , which takes time . however , you instantly benefit from the upgraded facilities from your last play . from what i hear , it takes about 3+ play-throughs to unlock everything , so have fun !
no , no stealth weapons capability as standard the stealth cruiser does not appear to have built in stealth weapons capability . how i tested it for the sake of testing i upgraded the stealth capability so i had a maximum duration , engaged an enemy , waited until my weapons were charged and then stealthed . upon first impression it seemed as though stealth weapons capability was built in , as i was able to fire both weapons while cloaked without being pulled out of cloak . however , upon further testing it appears that the duration of the cloak was affected quite significantly once weapons had been fired : in this image , i activated my fully upgraded cloaking system the moment i heard the enemy fire at me . this was just enough time for all of my weapons to come online , so while the game was paused ( and i was taking this screenshot ) , i targeted the enemy ship with my two lasers and then unpaused the game : you can see the lasers firing on the screenshot , i only unpaused the game for a brief second before pausing again , and as you can see this halved the duration of cloak . it appears that for each weapon fired about 20% of the overall cloak duration is removed , so if i had fired my beam weapon as well i would have expected the remaining cloak time to be around 30% of its total duration . firing the same weapons in the same way with the stealth weapons augmentation completely negates this drain on the cloak duration , so i can only conclude that no - the stealth cruiser does not have innate stealth weapons capabilities .
any skill that hits multiple times or hits multiple enemies can crit on each hit . additionally , any crit can cause on-hit effects , regardless of whether or not it is part of the same attack or not . this is why a greatsword warrior is good at proccing " on-crit " effects -- 100 blades hits 8 times over its 3.5 second duration , which means that on-crit effects can trigger multiple times ( though most sigils have a cooldown period before they can be triggered again ) . a fire elementalist mh dagger is also good for a crit build , since they get 3 claw attacks every . 5 seconds .
this one took me a while to figure out . you need to use the dead mouse to lure the sewing girl ( the one who was sewing a dead cat ) to the whale , so she can sew the whale . after that , everything else becomes fairly obvious . place the inflatable bag on top of the whale , so the hyperventilating guy can inflate the whale and give the charged battery to the whaler guy .
use one of the touch spells ( like fire touch spell you get first off ) on the gem vein as if it was a monster you wanted to kill . paraphrasing from the arcengames wiki : building requires a guardian power scroll for the particular building and an npc with a particular profession and enough skill in said profession
if i recall correctly the main dungeon has 35 floors . of course , you may play an infinite number of floors even before finishing the main story , on account of treasure maps and the like .
confirmed , brahmin tipping is in . you can test for yourself at the mojave outpost , west of nipton , southwest of primm .
molten lodestones are found in citadel of flame explorable mode chests . citadel of flame is a dungeon in fireheart rise in the ascalon region .
spoiler ! you can find the shuffle game in chapter 3 's " wet ink " level . there is also a cheat code to unlock it : just press lt , rt , lb , rb in the main menu . ( apparently shuffle will not actually appear unlocked in the menu if you use the cheat , but you still can play it ) . source : [ 1 ]
you get the notification when your driver is under fire from another turret . be sure to position yourself so that you can shoot players in other turrets and stop them from hurting your driver . you will be able to see other players controlling turrets marked with their screen name : in the picture above you can see that aridspider and coma bunny are in turrets that are attacking drivers ( friendly marked in green ) . firing at these turrets will prevent other players from using them , saving your poor driver . this video has many examples of the notification popping up , all when the driver is damaged by another player 's turret .
using revolution is in essence you going " all in " ( in terms of poker ) . the best times to use this is when you want that extra little boost to tip the scale in your favor . this scale tipping does not last very long and is rather risky , but if you take advantage of it , that is all you will need to win the game . there are a couple things that could spell doom for you however : you lose the proceeding battle : if you lose your army , you will have a very difficult and slow time getting it back unless you have saved a large amount of resources or have a solid income of xp for shipments . your enemy advances to the fifth age : there are many technologies that drastically improve the military and economy in the fifth age that are impossible to obtain once you revolt . i usually only use revolution when i do not have the time/resources to advance to the fifth age , and i am also pretty sure that my enemy does not have time either . if i am right , it usually spells victory for me . if i am wrong , it usually spells defeat .
i have finally managed to get this to work . it turns out half life 2 executes a file named 360-controller.cfg automatically whenever it starts ( for linux , it executes 360controller-linux.cfg ; both are located at ~/.steam/SteamApps/common/Half-Life 2/hl2/cfg ) . so all you need to do is tweak that file to you liking . here 's my setup ( the missing buttons are left to default ) :
boss fights is the only thing you need to focus on for raiding , and usually , single target dps is most important . arcane outshines every other spec for that , but there is slight variations that depends on encounter . typical arcane spec 5 points in improved blink and prismatic cloak are optional and it could be spread between 4 talents invocation - while seems good , i would not recommend this talent because cs has long cd compare to kick , pummel etc , and mages are usually not assigned on interrupt duty improved blink - very good talent for active player , there is a lot of situations where you can gain dps by simply getting faster to a new location as required by encounter . prismatic cloak - failsafe , good to have if you are trying to push to aggro limit improved arcane explosion - must have for some encounters , completely useless for others
thanks to some friendly in game individuals , i determined what " accuracy " is as determined by armor . it is a " glitch/typo/bug " that displays the word " accuracy " where " leg armor " is intended .
there are some serious issues with the pc port of prototype 2 , from what i can gather . most people who have complained about the game 's performance have been running on ati graphics - i am not sure that 100% of the people having issues are ati'ers , but from my sample size of probably 20-30 people , i have found most nvidia graphics users to say " it runs great ! " and most ati graphics users to say " wow , this stinks ! " i went through and collected and collated all the suggested solutions to the problem over here , on my blog but the #1 thing that actually helped me was setting the processor affinity . if i use task manager to force the processor affinity of prototype2 . exe to only core 0 , the game runs smoothly without issues . if i do not , then i get all sorts of performance issues - sometimes the input lags , often times the frame rate drops like a rock , etc . if that does not work , you can try some of the things that others suggested and had good luck with , but that is where i would start .
you can join the stalkers right after you help the stalkers drive the military out of the cordon . you can join duty , freedom , and the bandits after you flood the tunnels under the agroprom research institute . to join a faction , you talk to the leader . when you join a faction , you typically become an enemy of at least one other faction . if you join freedom , duty becomes hostile . if you join stalkers , bandits become hostile . if you join duty , bandits and freedom become hostile . if you join bandits , stalkers and duty become hostile , renegades become neutral . you can switch factions that are still neutral or friendly to you after you join a faction . for example , if you initially joined the bandits , you can leave and join freedom . however , once a faction becomes hostile , you can not get them to become friendly with you again , even if you switch to another faction . you can not get ' thrown out ' of a faction , however , if you kill enough of your fellow faction members , your own faction will become hostile to you . you lose some side-quests when joining a faction because some side-quests are from factions that become hostile .
so in a small scale tournament , one of the large considerations is what maps people can practice on . while anyone can practice on any map ( unless they have starter edition ) , most people lack a large stable of practice partners . as a result they are often restricted on what maps they will be able to get decent amounts of practice . if you look at the after hours gaming league you will notice that day9 specifically chose blizzard ladder maps for his tournament . this was because many of the players ( despite being masters level ) had difficulty organizing their teams for long practice sessions . as a result many of the practice sessions would have to be alone and there for on the blizzard ladder . while an argument was originally made for gsl/mlg/tsl maps because you could organize a random custom game on them ( part of battle net match making ) , the quality of the players you were matched against could not be guaranteed . un-like the iccup of the broodwar era , where the player base was more organized and you could guarantee the skill level of your opponents , the popularity of the blizzard ladder leaves it the only real option for people who do not have a good organized practice team . i think this is an important concern for any tournament organizer looking to start up a friendly tournament .
certain keys will not work when pressed together due to the way multi-key rollover is implemented . there is no software solution as it is a hardware limitation - some keyboards support more keys simultaneously than others , but you can not change how your keyboard handles it . keys like shift , alt and ctrl tend to be special cases - they are almost always used with other keys so keyboard manufacturers tend to ensure that they do not exhibit rollover problems . as ayckoster points out , " gaming " keyboards exist , with higher-than-normal rollover counts . true " n-key-rollover " requires that the keyboard recognise all keys when pressed simultaneously , but a limitation in the usb interface prevents this over that interface requiring the use of a ps/2 connection in most cases . apparently , cooler master now have a keyboard that supports full n-key-rollover over usb , so possibly some sort of keyboard driver can work around the issue with usb 's signalling .
yes , you can freely fly the blackjack once you progress far enough into the story . i believe after you complete raiding the imperial magitek facility , you can start flying the airship to wherever you want .
setting your regular forces to hotkey 1 and your spellcasters ( like sentries ) to hotkey 2 seems to be the common case , with the nexus on 3 ( to be able to press 3e rapidly ) .
having just used marius ' strategy to detect the evasion of an automated vessel , i discovered something very interesting about automated ships and their evasion with regard to their piloting section ! i used a hacking drone on engines but did not activate it . this allowed me to check the dodge chance for the automated foe . i also did not damage its engine system . i then used a beam weapon that dealt one damage each time to hit their piloting to see what effect it would have : Undamaged piloting (gray) : 30% 1 Damage to piloting (orange) : 25% 2 Damage to piloting (orange) : 25% 3 Damage to piloting (red) : 0%  interestingly , this shows that automated vessels gain a +5% bonus to dodge from their piloting when it is undamaged , and lose that bonus whenever it is injured . this is equivalent to having an unskilled pilot switch from manning the subsystem to repairing the subsystem . further damage does not affect the subsystem until it is destroyed ! this makes some sense because automated vessels do automatically repair damaged systems/subsystems . the primary strategic takeaway is only slightly enlightening , as it does not occur often : if you can only deal 1 or 2 points of damage to a subsystem , do not prioritize piloting too greatly . you are probably better off focusing on shields/weapons/drones , as you are not dropping the dodge by very much . note that this is only relevant with level 2/3 piloting . note that this was done on a sector 7 automated vessel on easy . thus , i suspect it is possible for normal or hard versions to lose 7% or 10% evasion if it is true that automated vessels are considered to be skilled , or masterful with their " invisible crew " .
yes , dot spells can crit in diablo 3 . here is a link to some research , that shows the following facts : dots can crit , but they display as white , not yellow . some dots crit per tick , i.e. , each tick can crit individually . some dots crit per cast , i.e. , the whole spell can crit , making all ticks higher . some spells that jump to new targets recalculate whether they crit when they jump . there is a list of spells tested in the thread : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5911881247
create a well lit area of grass in the middle of a desert biome . wait until nightfall . many passive mobs will spawn , as it is the only place they can . shear any sheep that spawn , then brutally murder them . also brutally murder all other passive mobs , to up the spawn rate ? ? ? ? ? ? ? profit .
completionist is probably be closest term you will get as they generally will get every single possible thing done within said game . it does not matter if it is an achievement or not , they will get everything . this includes flavour text for displays and purchasing collectors editions just to get the bonus items .
i think you want spells that both stun and hurt the enemies , so : fire , shock , blades and storm do damage vortex , force push and shock ( again ) seem to stun or push back i am not sure , but from experience , one from each category works the best , and after that it is just personal preference .
more money does not stack with itself . multiple characters having the more money ability will not increase your pg earned . the description was a mistranslation . more money does stack with items like golden egg . http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68317819 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68287566 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68100397
it is unclear exactly how many cards are needed to get the third present , but getting 123 will should unlock it as proved with the pic below . in this forum post , a user states that they do not have the third present and have found 122 cards . however tom mentions above that he got the present without getting all 123 , and a comment on this guide agrees . to your specific question , it also mentions the exact reward as : got 3 gifts at the end ( 116 or 119/ 123 ) , two of them were mentioned above . third one is the beet root fighting the black parasite jedi style : ) which seems to agree with what tom stated . several sources confirm that getting 123 cards does not award the mythology achievement , as some suspected it might .
when you stop walking , the pumpkins move on the opposite side you were walking just before stopping ( even if it was just an instant ) . forward speed has no effect . the trick is to go towards the shed and stop a moment before the pumpkins fall . then just tap the direction in which they are falling and watch them going back to the center . restart walking to the shed .
the bucket issue was a conflict between two plugins and has been resolved .
they increase in number as you progress through the game , and unfortunately there is not really any way to stop them . it does not really have to do with your decisions , but how far along in the game you are . i have yet to discover any pattern to their arrivals ( i have seen them during the day ) so i am not sure there is any way to avoid them unfortunately . note that they only appear " in silverpines , millfields , mistpeak valley and hero of bowerstone 's tomb " . as far as defeating them , there are a few weapons that provide bonuses against balverines . they are : lunarium pounder ( hammer ) : +40% damage after killing 100 wolves or balverines trollblight ( hammer ) : +80% damage ( they count as large enemies ) after killing 10 large enemies with a flourish wolfsbane ( sword ) ( limited edition only ) : +40% damage after killing 50 enemies with flourishes i believe they may also count as evil enemies ( could not find a place that said for sure ) so if that is true , any weapon with bonuses against evil enemies will count for them as well . other than that , i am not sure if there is any real ' good ' way to beat them overall . it would depend on what skills you have so far , how many there are , what weapons you have , etc . if i remember correctly , by the time i was maxed out on everything , i think balverines were fairly ' easy ' ( though enemies level with you so it will only ever be so easy ) .
i completed single player on heroic last night , and the scene in question does not take place . a few similar scenes do take place : didact does hold the chief aloft ( with the force i guess ) a few times with his arms held out . once when you first release him and again at the climax of the story . there are no flash backs to the chief childhood . a promethean kight also does the ' jump on you head split open scream thing ' when you first encounter them on requiem .
as @fredley suggested , i crossed upon a well know bug . creating a new world ( or probably just change the position of the blocks ) will solve the problem .
it extends the effect to 12 seconds : launch a massive volley of guided arrows that rain down on enemies for 34% weapon damage for 12 seconds .
the answer to your first question is yes , since it is a toggled spell , the damage from dr . mundo 's burning agony W does in fact scale up immediately . dr . mundo 's ultimate ( sadisim ) on the other hand , is a triggered skill . as such , when R is pressed , it applies a buff then is done . this means that the healing will not increase until the next time the skill is triggered . source
this answer is updated as of patch 2.0/reaper of souls all previous answers assumed an environment where the auction house was a possibility for gem procurement . this is no longer the case in patch 2.0 , and in order to get gems above the " imperial " level , you must pay covetous shen to combine gems , as well as provide a few materials beyond simply money and gems at the highest levels . so , is it worth it to combine gems ? yes . in patch 2.0 , it is possible for marquise gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters . it is also possible for imperial quality gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters on master difficulty and higher . the gap between a marquise gem and an imperial gem is substantial , but gets even higher as you go further . let 's take an example of an emerald placed in your chestpiece . . . marquise : +62 dexterity imperial : +100 dexterity flawless imperial : +160 dexterity royal : +220 dexterity flawless royal : +280 dexterity so , given that you can achieve a boost of +180 to a particular stat by combining gems over what you can get just from drops , it is absolutely worth it .
off-hands use " other " gem bonuses .
monks and barbarians take 30% less damage than the other 3 classes . this is an inherent attribute valid from level 1 . now , 30% is significant but i am not sure it is enough to justify the radical difference you are describing . how certain are you that it is not just your general perception ? because in practice , a monk does not tend to just stand there tanking . he tends to hit back , which often causes a " hit " animation on monsters which prevents them from attacking . this is before , of course , we consider that a typical monk is loaded to the brim with skills that stun enemies , blind enemies , decrease enemy armor , increase the monk 's armor , etc .
i am not 100% sure , but whenever i used them they seem to attack zombies in this order : whatever is attacking it ( self-preservation , although this could just be point 3 below as well ) balloon zombies if any appear zombies that are the furthest down a particular lane pick a target at random ( if they are all nomming on wall-nuts )
your best bet may be to decrease their engagement radius to near ( or something like that ) they will not ignore them completely , but they will not go haring off across the system to attack far-away platforms .
" clagging " refers to a glitch called " charge lagging " . what happens is this : a paladin moves a few screens away , turns on vigor aura , and then uses charge to move very fast . this causes your character not to sync properly with the game/server , because the character is moving faster then the server can update . this results in the paladin seemingly jump/teleport ( without the teleport skill or enigma runeword ) from place to place . while the paladin is desynced from the server , they can also cast blessed hammers that are invisible to other players and/or not appear where they seem to be ( the paladin 's position is not updated correctly for other players . e.g. , the paladin is actually behind a wall , but seems to be in front of your character , you shoot at him the hit animation happens but the paladin loses no life ) , giving the paladin an unfair advantage . there is a similar glitch with barbarians and the increase speed and frenzy skill . see it in action .
i know this is a late answer , but i will answer anyway . you need to edit your server 's . ini files to add a proper http redirect . any requests to download mods and maps will be redirected to any server you want . as long as the host you are linking to supports direct downloading , you will be fine . i recommend dropbox public folder . there is a complete tutorial available here : http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/redirection_and_compression
a combination of the crossbow with the upgrade that grants mana on a headshot , and the frost bracelet ( seriously a very powerful tool , i never slay orcs without it ) will allow you to stunlock multiple ogres indefinitely , while also holding them perfectly still allowing for easy headshots ( as opposed the the crossbow 's secondary fire where they sway their heads ) . in combination with a fully upgraded crossbow , you can hold an ogre perfectly still and take it down in 3-5 headshots , normally before the frozen state is even broken , and if it does break , you can just freeze them again . this works even better if you use the secondary fire and have upgraded the bracelet to make enemies frozen by your secondary fire take more damage . not only will it freeze many many orcs and ogres , but it lasts much longer ( i think it is over 5 seconds ) and they will take more damage as well . the only problem with this strategy is frost ogres , who are immune to the bracelet . in this case , you are just going to have to stunlock it with your crossbow 's secondary fire , and aim at the moving head . there is no other weapon that kills as quickly as multiple headshots from the crossbow .
yes , sadly , it is true . to play multiplayer games over the internet , you must have a gold subscription . it is about $40-50 / year , $20 / 3 months or $8 / month , but you can sometimes find them for cheaper .
sounds like a case of teleportitis . you can get this effect in a number of ways . if you are not wearing a ring of teleportation , then it is probably because you ate the corpse of a teleporting creature like a leprechaun .
generally , yes , you will get a large number of a couple metals . this is one reason that trade is so important . the density of ores , can , however , be changed before world creation with one of the world customization options .
there is : neutral - this is the default state . friendly - this occurs when you are doing something that the leader likes , for example , russia likes nations that have a large territory ( and many cities ) , and mongolia likes nations that have a large army ) . friendly does not indicate that they have ( or even would like ) a declaration of friendship with you , it just means they probably will not be attacking you any time soon ( unless they are planning on stabbing you in the back ) . hostile - this occurs when you continuously do something that the leader does not like , for example you continue to build cities near their territory . this state does not mean you are at war , but it is generally a precursor to war . guarded - this occurs after someone has publicly denounced you . it is pretty much meaningless , but it can cause them to become hostile if you continue to provoke them afraid - this is fairly rare , i have only encountered it a few times , but it occurs sometimes when your army is much larger than the leaders army , and they feel that they might come under attack sometime soon . most of the time they will turn guarded or hostile instead , but if their army is sufficiently weak and they do not have enough allies , then they will be afraid instead . it also occurs fairly randomly sometimes , with the best nation being afraid of you even though you are weaker , not sure why , although sometimes it could be because you are close to winning . mostly it tends to occur for any of the above reasons after you sign a peace treaty with the other nation that was offered by them . i am yet to see any more statuses , but i have been playing a long time , so i do not think there are any more .
yes , that is the only way . you can also create a group of friends before you do so and enter the game with your friends on your team and go on a pub stomp . but matchmaking is the only way to enter a competitive match .
you will need to modify your autorepeat settings and then simply hold down the key for an appropriate duration . this is the only way i am aware of , as starcraft does not allow you to configure that setting in-game . in windows , these two settings are in keyboard properties --> speed --> repeat delay/refresh rate . protoss players have gotten pretty good at moving the mouse at an appropriate speed that matches the refresh rate of the keypress so as to warp in units quickly .
the game generally tries to find a multiplayer game that has a low latency . this differs from a game that is geographically close to you , but they are generally similar enough that you can assume they are the same . think of it this way - say there is a town north of where you live , and a town west of where you live that is twice as far away . which one can you get to faster in your car ? you had probably assume the one to the north . however , if the roads going north all have low speed limits , and the roads going west are superhighways with no traffic , you had actually probably make it to the town to your west faster than the one to your north . the internet is similar - vast data pipelines interconnect regions , just like the roads do . the game is trying to figure out which game is the fastest round trip to you , not the geographically closest . however , you are much more likely to find something closer to you than something very far away . the less people who are playing in your region , the harder this is , so at times when less people are playing ( ie , if you were playing the original cod now , which has very few players compared to mw3 ) the game must search harder and potentially travel further in order to find a suitable game . cod on consoles is played ' peer-to-peer ' which means that there are no dedicated , central servers to play on . this also means that if there is no suitable game , you might end up in a lobby by yourself - this means the game created a new match in your area , and is waiting for other people to find it . in pc gaming , ( and some console games ) there is generally a list of dedicated servers you choose from when you start the game . if the server nearest you is full , tough luck , you will have to find one further away . hope that explains the subtle differences : )
if your own settlers get captured by barbarians , and you rescue them , they will remain a settler . if any other civilization 's settler gets captured by barbarians , rescuing them will turn them into a worker ( if you claim it for yourself ) or stay a settler ( if you return it to them ) .
the duration of the source power , in this case energy drain , is the time limit . so anytime during the duration of energy drain , you can use your incinerate and setup a tech burst . since energy drain does not really have a duration , you will likely need to have them happen simultaneously ( or nearly so ) in order to get the tech burst .
use the hotkey ' v ' . click on your unit , or even on one of his future waypoints , and hold the v key . move the mouse around , and you can see what his line of site is like , what he can shoot past , when he will hit a wall , etc .
you can buy packs from the c-store that have a random chance to produce personnel with the resolve stat . it is possible to win these duty personnel buy completing certain random duty missions . lastly , if you have the patience , you could check the exchange ; there is no way to search for that particular stat however . the following duty officer can be obtained at the academy by exchanging 5 green quality duty officers : name : voloror race : vulcan ( female ) rank : lt . junior dept : security specialization : security officer ground traits : tactful , ff , logical , resolve , telepathic
the following activated items can destroy rocks : anarchist cookbook - spawns 6 bombs in random locations so there is not a 100% chance that it'll break the rock you need . bobs rotten head - lets you throw a bomb in any of the 4 cardinal directions . dead sea scrolls - activates as any other random activated item , so it is super unreliable . the doctors remote - activates a crosshair that will drop a bomb on that location ( which can be changed ) after a designated amount of time . kamikaze ! - acts as if you blew up a bomb on your location . mr . boom - drops a big bomb on your location . the nail - allows you to walk through rocks for the room you activated it in , and instead of flying over them , you destroy them . additionally , one passive item , fetus in a jar , allows you to shoot bombs as tears , and one pill , explosive diarrhea , causes you to drop a few bombs as you walk . also , if you can kill a mulligoon near a rock , or prompt him to suicide near one , he will drop a bomb on his death . boom fly 's also serve the same purpose , except they immediately explode instead of dropping a bomb . fred fires projectiles in an upwards arc that explode upon hitting the floor , but they do not have much range so you need to wait for him to get close enough to the rock you want to destroy , stand near it , and dodge his projectile matador style . you can also use troll bombs ( which drop in place of regular bombs sometimes ) dropped from activated items and tarot cards , but in those situations , without the troll bomb you will get a regular bomb anyway , so they are not very practical . another way to break rocks is to use the high priestess tarot card to call down mom 's foot on a random enemy in the room . the foot will break any rocks around the impact point with about the same radius as a bomb explosion . this strategy is rather impractical though , as it occurs on a random enemy ( can be eliminated by having only one enemy left ) and you have to get the enemy to the rock you want to destroy ( which can be rather hard with some enemies ) . the wrath of the lamb expansion also adds the notched pickaxe , another activated item which allows you to break one rock per recharge ( one room ) as well as the passive item ipecec which behaves similarly to the fetus in a jar pickup , only the projectiles fly through the air and explode on impact . in addition , wrath of the lamb also adds many new enemies with explosive attacks ( only applicable in the new floors ) . these can be used in the same way as fred projectiles , by waiting near a rock and dodging the attack when it comes .
i never played lol , but , according to a quick google search , there are two ways : run the game in windowed mode , set the resolution so that it matches exactly your desktop resolution , then hide the window borders using shiftwindow . put BorderlessWindow=1 in your Config\gam\u200c\u200be.cfg and you should have no need for shiftwindow . ( source ) again , i never played league of legends , i just googled this information and have no idea if any of this will work .
only cat and 13 are available i constructed a device for making skeletons to kill creepers in creative . i could get all music discs to be dropped . my test device : the result ( creative ) : however , when i changed the game mode to survival using nbtedit , i could only get cat and 13 ( 20 trials ) . the result ( survival ) : total creeper-related deaths : 17
no , you cannot ' respec ' . spent points stay spent . however , this matters less than your equipped abilities , which ( once learned ) , can be changed at any time . new skills and abilities are cheap . getting to a basic level of proficiency at which you can comfortably adventure with a new weapon takes a fairly minimal investment . you do not need to max things out to be able to comfortably use that shiny new blade you just decided to switch to , and you can always go back and repeat some easier quests ( all quests can be repeated periodically ) if you need some easy and quick xp . which brings me to . . . skill and ability points are plentiful . seriously , you will be swimming in points early on . more than enough to get a feel for everything that is going on , and easily enough to ' fix ' any early bad decisions you might make . and besides , by the end of the game . . . yes , you can get enough skill points to max out everything . character growth in the secret world has been pitched as ' horizontal , not vertical ' . which is to say that , if you focus on only two weapons , you can max yourself out rather quickly , yes , but there are enough skill points in the game to eventually max out every skill and every ability . after a point , character growth stops being about becoming more powerful , and instead becomes about having more choices . and the best part is that that point is wherever you want it to be . if you are not having fun with a given weapon anymore , you can change it . anytime you want . you might need to duck back to some easier content for a little while , but that is not a big deal anyway .
the default starting number of slots is three . you can purchase more individually , for $9.99 ( us ) each , or get them as part of various packages such as the starter kits .
you have not actually restarted the campaign , you have started playthrough 2 . however see how to get to play-through 1 after starting vault hunter mode ? for information on how to get back to playthrough 1 . but you have not lost anything and will probably want to play playthrough 2 with your buddies instead of continuing playthrough 1: see how do subsequent playthroughs work ? long story short , you will only get better guns and a decent challenge at this point by playing playthrough 2 . your current playthrough progress does not affect your ability to join friends games though ; even if your friends are in a different playthrough or part of the story you can always join their game ( the only risk is enemies may be impossible/crazy easy if your levels are mismatched ) . you can even hop into a dlc campaign you have not started via a friend ( only if you own the dlc of course )
this is a reference to the day notch got married , august 13th , 2011 . the linked page has explanations for all of the splash screen text , should that interest you .
there are waypoint markers for all your active missions on the map , that you can access in the ingame menu ( journal ) . to activate a mission marker to be displayed at all time in game , go to " view map " , search for the starting point , move the cursor over the mission and choose " track objective " . alternatively , you can go to the " objectives " tab in the journal and choose the option to track the objective from there . there should be a marker to the starting point of chapter 5 somewhere on the map . if you can not find it , here is a video with the starting points of all missions .
the redpower2 mod for minecraft removes the default chance of a mob dropping its head , and instead adds the vorpal enchantment . when killed with a vorpal enchanted weapon , mobs and players have a chance to drop their head , increasing with a higher vorpal level . unfortunately , this affect does not work on wither skeletons . the vorpal enchantment also gives a chance for your attack to deal a large amount of damage .
yes , any mod that forced players to use a specific texture pack would also require the players to have something locally , to check with the server and see what pack it is using , then download and activate that pack . in minecraft 1.3 , a minecraft server will have the ability to recommend and provide a download of a texture pack .
the custom game selection will allow you to draw from maps that you have uploaded to battlenet via the galaxy editor . as i understand it this is exactly what you want to do and it sounds like you do understand how to publish a map . i believe there is an option to publish the map privately for custom game use , though i have not check since beta .
the biggest issue that i am aware of for mac starcraft 2 is that 10.6.4 makes the game very unstable if you have an nvidia graphics card . it crashed just often enough for me to get annoyed by it , so i re-installed my os and only updated to 10.6.3 . things are much better now ( this is likely the same issue as steam has on 10.6.4 , and probably requires a patch by apple to fix - i am not positive on this , though ) . i am not sure of the technical details of starcraft 2 on the mac , but i think that it is a native client . all of blizzard 's games ( at least dating back to diablo , maybe earlier ) are released on windows and mac , so most likely they have a good build process for building their games cross platform . there is a mac technical support forum for mac-only issues . that forum has a known issues list for the mac client , as well .
1 is a shrub . an impassible shrub that is used as a barrier for forests as opposed to those weird circle blocks on the right ( 2 ) which are used for cities/built up areas . i do not really think 2 is based on anything in real life , it is just there to impede progress and look kind of like it belongs around buildings .
queens are mainly casters with 4 main skills : it has the built in parasite spell that enables you to see the same things the host with the parasite can . ( this can be removed only by the medic 's restoration ) it can ensnare a group of units slowing them . this can be used to either prevent them from escaping or slowing their advance . spawn broodlings can also be researched to turn any ground unit into two broodlings , instantly killing the unit in the process . i do not know what mission your playing , but if that is the first mission in brood war , then you are supposed to use spawn broodlings on the ultralisks your about to come across , effectively rendering them useless . alternately you can ensnare them and have your hunter killers have a go at them . last but not least , they can infest a terran command center which turns said command center into a terrorist-training academy for suicidal infested terrans .
easy enough to test , or so i thought . my initial approach was to create as many characters as possible , but at a count of 25 i quit : a second approach was to dig in the runic games forums and even there , nothing seemed to be found about the maximum amount of characters one can have . until i found this post : what is the maximum number of characters i can have ? . the answer to that post : unlimited . there seems to be no cap on the amount of characters you can have and there does not seem to be an immediate cap on the amount of characters the game can display . however , that post is for torchlight , not torchlight ii . in my opinion though , it is fair to assume that the same still holds true for torchlight ii . or at least that many that you really will not need that many .
to ' activate ' the bird , click the trackpad .
i am a big fan of megaman , so i think i might be able to help . i do not know where you are using the codes but the problem may be that you are using them in the wrong place . in order to use wave commands , you must have a blank card . there are ten blank cards available in the game . the easiest blank card to acquire is by inspecting inside bud bison 's house , press a by his bed . next you will need a wave command card . if you do not have one of these you can make one at home . this link shows how that is done : http://www.freewebs.com/starcarriercodes/ now go to the menu , then click the battle card sub menu ( the one in the center ) and go into your folder ( press the a button ) and select " edit . " go into your card box by pressing right on the d-pad . now sort the cards by pressing the x button and selecting " color . " select the blank card by pressing a . the blank card should be black . select " yes " when geo asks if you want to use your blank card . put the wave command card on the touch screen . and click the letters on the command card corresponding to the code you wish to enter . some codes are not for battle cards , but for zenny . to use those codes , go to the mega screen and press select . omega-xis will ask you if you want to use a wave command card . say yes . then you can enter your code using the wave command card . hope i helped !
to respawn bowman guthry you must use an ascetic on the royal rat authority bonfire ( ordeals end ) . it is good to note that this is a good place to farm awestones for the company of champions covenant as he drops one upon every death . some people have reported problems with guthry invading in this area , most have seemed to have been solved by going offline . this might be due to conflicts with rat covenant invasions .
bola shot does fire damage by default ( unruned ) , you can add the thunder ball rune for lightning damage when the bola explodes ( from the description , it still does fire damage on the initial hit )
looks like loading the game from a previous save fixed the issue .
i think it is more of a timing issue . the farther you go the farther some of the jumps get and you have to hit it at the absolute last step before you fall and you will barely land it . to answer the original question though , there is not any way to jump higher .
unlike the shadowmere present in oblivion , shadowmere in skyrim is not marked as essential and can die , killing shadowmere works for making it stop following you temporarily . however , 15-20 days later , shadowmere will respawn in the location of death , causing it to start following you again shadowmere just seems invunerable , as it heals at the same rate as damage is applied . the only way to kill shadowmere is to apply enough damage to it so it loses all of it is health in a single blow . if your skills are high enough with a bow , you do not have to one shot shadowmere . by sneaking and applying the 3.0x bonus and critical damage bonus you can use the bound bow or a daedric bow and use about 5 arrows to kill it . the same can be applied to all weapons or magic . be sure to use weapons strong enough that shadowmere 's health regeneration can not keep up with .
in the first game , no . this was a major gripe from fans about the game . they added it in for the rereleased version , but that is japan only . the ability is added in later games , however .
pressing the right-click button on your mouse should get rid of the cursor . if you are talking about the icon that appears in the menu screen , click on the small house icon on the right side of the inventory screen again to get rid of it .
i have not tried it , but i found these commands : GetPos &lt;axis&gt; SetPos &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt; GetAngle &lt;axis&gt; SetAngle &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt;  with explanations near the bottom of this page that might help .
the blacksmith asks if i want light , medium or heavy armor . what equipment do you get if you choose medium ? if you choose light armor , you get imperial light shield ( light armor ) a full set of imperial light armor ( 4 pc ) . if you choose medium armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) imperial studded armor ( light armor - for chest ) the remaining parts of the imperial light armor set ( 3 pc ) . if you choose heavy armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) a full set of imperial heavy armor ( 4 pc ) .
there are apparently 35 distinct mystery box rooms , 20 regular mystery boxes with 1 coin each and 15 gold mystery boxes with 2 coins each for a total of 50 star coins from mystery boxes . more than the single-player maximum star coins of 335 can be earned through streetpass mystery boxes which are duplicates of those 35 rooms . to see all variations , you need to reset the mystery boxes by either waiting 24 hours or changing the date/time on your 3ds .
it depends if a detection meter is shown above a survivor 's head upon them detecting your presence . if you get a survivor 's detection meter up until it turns red , that will count as them detecting your presence , and will cause you not to get the ' ghost ' achievement . this may be a " motivation " to put survivors asleep . this is the same for other npcs , not just survivors . if a survivor or any npc is friendly to you or does not mind your presence , a detection meter will not appear and that will not count as ' detected ' . i noticed that on a high chaos playthrough , survivors will have a detection meter and might alert hostile , armed npcs . while on a low chaos playthrough , they will not mind your presence ( no detection meter ) .
the gcd ( for instant holy fire ) and the cast time of smite at 0% haste are both 1.5 seconds . haste speeds up all three ( ticks , gcd , smite ) equally up to 50% haste ( when it stops affecting gcd ) . while evaluating less than 50% haste , we can just use ticks instead of seconds . ( gcd = 1.5 ticks , smite = 1.5 ticks ) . according to the formula in this article , extra ticks occur at the following breakpoints . so , unglyphed holy fire breakpoints are : and glyphed holy fire breakpoints are :
within the game at the character selection screen , click on " play cinematic " ( the one with the clapboard icon at bottom left ) : then your desired video " hope " = republic " deceived " = imperial " return " = intro if you want to watch the videos outside of the game on your computer , you can use rad video tools to play the .bik files in the movies directory ( see below for what they are named ) . the better alternative , as it is more convenient to share and replay as you can actually scrub through the video and replay bits ( neither of which you can do with the above two methods ) , would be to just watch them on youtube . intro ( Movies/en-us/game_intro.bik ) : republic ( Movies/en-us/rep_intro.bik ) : imperial ( Movies/en-us/imp_intro.bik ) :
turning on swag makes your rival use the words " yolo " and " swag " . i am not sure of the frequency that he will say these two words though . ( i am also not sure why i am calling " yolo " and " swag " " words " . . . ) that is all it is supposed to do , but you may find that the game errors or crashes at certain points depending on if it is on or off . these bugs are being fixed and they may have all been squashed by now . i am not aware of what the latest version is , but in patch 1.0.5 , a " yoloswag " toggle was implemented . according to the comments which accompany the patch notes , it causes the game to crash . change list / glitches fixed yoloswag switch added ! you can go to your options menu to turn swag on/off midgame !
when you serve from the left side of your field to the right side , stand at the most left point of the field , aim to the most right side of the other field and try to get the full power . it is hard to do an ace , but it is possible . for me , this way is the easiest way !
here 's a quote from the minecraft wiki : in the final release of 1.8 , the enderman 's eyes are now purple , and instead of emitting smoke they emit nether portal particles . so there is no difference between them , they have only changed up the skin a bit from the pre-release to the actual release . source
you can often get around the blocks that they have in place by simply contacting steam support ( you need to register a separate account at their site ) and requesting the american store , but you will then have to pay with an american credit card . i did this several times when i was in australia and it takes 1-3 days for them to unlock your account to do so , so it may not be the best option for grabbing that game on sale . i played the uncensored version of l4d2 while i was in australia via this method , though i could not play multiplayer ( i am not sure if there were any local multiplayer servers in any case )
if there is a tie in the end of a gp , the human player will beat the cpus . in 2-player gps , player 1 will beat player 2 if they are tied .
yes , the console command to immediately force quit the game is qqq
it is the middle three people , but you are right on how on how to kill them : tactic : mark the 3 hvts for your teammates and give the command for a synched shot . all of them will be dead within a second . if you have problems to locate one of the hvts then throw motion sensors . source also watch this video on how to do it .
hold down r2 or l2 to move your hands , then pull in one direction , and quickly go to the other direction to slap . just make sure your friend is next to a cliff before doing it : )
yes . i just tried it . with shield 28% , without shield and with helm of command 8% . also tried to block without a shield but with helm of command . i blocked attacks . edit : but you have no block amount , so if you block , you block nothing .
no but the secret cloud is right under the orange cloud . when i got there i hit the edge of the orange cloud and fell on the secret island .
i have been having really good luck with kill confirmed . you get xp for kills , plus for their tags , plus if you can find a ) other tags from friendly kills or b ) red tags from enemy kills you will also get xp . a really good thing to try and do is to go back and get your own tags after your killed , it is a +250 xp bump .
signing up for cod elite ( even the free version ) grants you 2 hours worth of double xp , but they were having issues with elite , so not everyone got it right when they signed up . the website is still down , but you can check their twitter feed , where they are telling multiple people that they should be getting their double xp boost soon : https://twitter.com/#!/callofdutyelite chances are you signed up for the elite website at some point , and that is where your 2 hours came from . incidentally , when you view your playercard in the barracks , you will not only see the gold xp icon in the upper right , but towards the bottom there is a timer that shows how much double xp time you have remaining .
spoiler below ! ! ! you eventually get a quest in three horns valley , called " no vacancy " . scooter goes on to explain that the motel got wiped out by someone : the quest states : you found the abandoned happy pig motel . scooter has asked you to turn the town 's power back on so you can use the motel 's vending machines and bounty board . objective : turn in steam pump . quest spoiler : you find out that the steam pump is not functioning because it is broke . scooter then tells you to collect some parts to fix the steam pump : steam valve capacitor gearbox you get this quest from an echo recorder pinned to the deactivated bounty board .
there is no limit , other than your own sanity in trying to manage your inventory . in fact , there is even an achievement for completing the game without selling anything , ever .
deal of the week is not the only way prices are reduced on xbla . there are more : there was also a christmas promotion ( a game a day ) last year and xbla inventory blowout this year . major nelson is a good ( and an advance ) source of such information : major nelson 's deal tag
no , dittos cannot breed with other dittos .
i found it ! it was the magic wand , which is formed from 3 ironwood branches plus the magic stick .
you have to enter the game when you are logged in to the playstation network . the game will ask you to update and this update will install the trophies . but if you already played the game , you will have to play it again in order to unlock any trophy .
i do not want to spoil the game much , but in late-game you will have certain big ufos turn up that you may or may not be ready for . these will not be taken down by your interceptors so easily and a few showings from these might even lead to your entire interceptor fleet getting wiped out or them being just plain useless . this will cause you to leave some of these ufos alone without doing anything . this usually has a repercussion of them attacking the satellites . a successful satellite take down will increase panic in the country by 2 points . again , this may or may not overwhelm you with panic-stricken countries , depending on how well you stand in game . so when you do reach this stage you want to have those satellites survive so that they do not drive panic up anymore than you want . this is the only reason you would want stealthy satellites . personally i would rather have satellites in stock ready to launch so that when one gets taken down i can launch another and get panic reduction in the area . especially effective if panic is almost maxed out in the area .
from the wiki preventing a tan to prevent a tan , go out with an umbrella , do not go out while it is daytime , or stay inside . drastic measures include time travelling or staying off the game for long periods of time . hats will not stop tans from appearing . removing the tan take precautions . when going outside on sunny days , the player should use an umbrella or anything that will block out sun completely . wait it off . tans will fade after a while , and with some extra help it should be gone in no time . stay in a building or animal 's house for about an hour . turn the game off and save , time travel to the next day , and then repeat . keep doing that for a while and the player 's tan should eventually start to fade . liquefy 's faq on acnl also has some additional info .
explanation in the entity list , there is a linked_portal_door for this purpose ; it is used in the death trap ( in map sp_a4_finale2.bsp ) : this entity is designed to link two separate , distant areas together without any clear transition between the two . this entity is exclusive to portal 2 . it is used in chapter 9 , in the chamber 75 death trap with all the crap turrets . the room is actually completely separate from its supposed surroundings . it is the only use of this entity in the final version of the game , though commentary states that it was used a lot during the development of the title to link chambers together . i guess that the development team first made the rooms separate so that they could wipe a bad room , then connect them later when the levels were more perfect , and i suppose that this room did not fit . pictures here is a picture of the death trap that is not connected to the other rooms : near the threshold and a tiny step ( noclip fly ) to either side : video you might want to skip the commentary and long walk and go to 04:30 . from here on he shows the box from outside at the three locations ( before box , in box , after box ) ; he first does this slowly , then at a later point he goes between all of them in quicker succession . this might show the trick better than above pictures . thanks to jon ericson in the comments for finding this video .
the only role that can viably buy an early vampiric scepter is a jungler . this is because lifesteal procs off auto attacks , and in early game you should not be auto attacking creeps because it will push your lane too much . one of the main ideas behind stacking doran 's is that it provides a cheap advantage for early game harrasment . if two champions with similar base stats are harassing each other , the champ with 2 doran 's will have greater sustain in lane and most likely will win the harrasments . having more health allows you to win the skirmishes against your opponent , survive jungler ganks , last hit easier , and stay in the lane after a failed jungle gank or harassment . this does put you behind for getting your first big purchase item , however given that a b . f . sword ( the most common big purchase for ad champs ) is 1550g , spending an early 475g on a second doran 's , and consequently getting greater cs ( note that after ~25 cs the dorans has paid for itself ) and champ kills , can actually allow you to get that b . f . sword sooner .
to defend embarked units in vanilla : remember that they do not die in one hit in general , they just can be destroyed by naval units that " walk " into them . in other words , ranged attacks do not always insta-kill them . remember that moving from a hex adjacent to one of your ship to another hex adjacent to one of your ships will deplete the entire turn for the enemy ship - in other words , if you keep your navy in front with gaps of two hexes or less , you can effectively block enemy ships from moving into your embarked units . if you get really frustrated , play as songhai - their embarked units can defend themselves , so naval units can no longer " just move " into them - though they still suffer heavy damage . things are very different in g and k : all embarked units can defend themselves , same way the songhai units can in vanilla . you can stack naval units on top of embarked units , defending them . you can use melee naval units to conquer cities , so you do not have to deploy melee ground units for that . in general , the naval combat in g and k is significantly revised , especially with the separation of naval units into melee and ranged units .
to reach 100% completion you also have to complete new game plus , which is harder . the side missions are re-activated so you can redo them if you want . however , this is not necessary as missions in the first playthrough already count towards 100% .
so your basic question seems to be : Surge or Promote? this is a rather strange question as those two summoner spells fit very differently into the current meta-game . in fact , i do not believe there is ever a hero i could imagine having to choose between those particular spells as they serve very different roles . so instead , let 's assume that you want to know when these two spells are appropriate ( and not make a choice between them ) . surge surge is a rather recent introduction into lol and is still having its place in the meta-game examined . while it does act as a much needed steroid for a number of champions missing one ( eg . twisted fate or teemo ) , it suffers on champions who require a lot of farm ( i.e. . most carries ) . in comparison to spells like ignite and exhaust , surge ( while scaling better ) just does not guarantee kills the same way through early/mid-game . now , it is true that dominion has a shortened early/mid-game , but it is just as true that it has a shortened late game ( where this spell really shines ) . as a result surge is frequently not the best choice for champions ( even carries ) . when to get it ? when you are the main dps and you do not have a built-in steroid when to avoid ? when you are a carry who needs kills to make it to late game promote promote is another spell which has not yet found a good place in the overall meta . however , having been around longer , there are more obvious cases where people use it ( i.e. . in dominion going bottom against a champ who has trouble clearing lanes early on , like tryndamere or yorick ) . given promote 's role in taking down towers , it is no real surprise you see it more often in dominion than summoner 's rift . usually , you want promote to push your creep wave into a tower allowing for a better engagement at a node . this frequently means you find promote on champions who have trouble clearing lanes or who are good initiators . a champion that requires more farm or is main dps ( i.e. . a carry ) is a less likely place to find promote as it does not fit their role well . when to get it ? when your team lacks a lot of lane clearing ability ( or against a team which lacks it ) when to avoid ? when you are filling a more important role ( i.e. . carry ) garrison i am surprised you are reading a lot of information that garrison is a poor choice ; it is quite a good spell . the problem with garrison is that it really only shines is defending nodes in dominion . very frequently people do not do this ( usually because it is less exciting ) . however , there are a large number of places where your team can really benefit from garrison ( solo bot , or even defending top ) . garrison can break a channel ( from further range ) , stop a wave push , or even heal a node , all very useful things in dominion . even if it only forces the other team to break off an engagement then it is directly translating into victory points ( something few other spells do ) . when to get it ? when you are running a 3 node defensive strategy or against a team with a lot of floaters ( e . g . rammus ) when to avoid ? when you are filling a more important role ( i.e. . carry ) or you are going for a more aggressive strategy ( i.e. . running floaters ) flash vs ghost both of these are excellent spells ( and there are even times when you might get both ) , but in summoner 's rift , at least , the current meta-game has stabilized on flash being invaluable . this is largely due to two factors : flash lets you get out of ( or into ) range of abilities and champions flash lets you " jump " over the twisting terrain in sr however , in dominion both of these reasons are less effective . the terrain in the crystal scar has fewer features you can " jump " with flash , the faster game play means champion deaths are less impactful ( thus saving , less important ) . while still a great spell , flash is nowhere as dominant in the crystal scar as it is in summoner 's rift . instead , two other features dominate the crystal scar which make ghost a frequently more picked spell : non-linear attack routes contested towers having multiple paths to engage ( and less vision ) often means you are forced to move to positions very quickly . this is the reason champions like rammus are so frequently banned . what is more , it is frequently a strategy to rush to the top tower at the opening of the game to assert the defender 's advantage . in a rush strategy ( fairly common ) it is necessary that most of the top defenders have ghost to out pace the other team . as a result ghost may not enjoy the same dominance that flash has in sr , but is still a powerful spell ( and a frequent choice ) . when to get it ? both flash and ghost can be great spells on any champion when to avoid ? only when you have something which is much higher priority or more synergistic with your strategy ( like zombie karthas was ) .
tl ; dr - you can not change order . before and shortly after game release there was rumors that you can change your order becouse of old wiki page about order that sayed that player " would be able to change order with a little bit of effort " . it was written in disscusion on this page this information was mistake and " choice seems to be tied into game mechanics " . source of this missunterstanding is quotation from ree soesbee , gw2 game designer who was missunderstanded as she said ; the choice of an order is not compulsory , however , you cant progress through the full extent of the storyline unless you do so . you can change orders once youve chosen one  with a little effort  but parts of the storyline are linked to the orders , so in order to see certain facets of the personal story , you will need to join one . that said , you can play the game without joining one if you truly choose to do so . but true undesrtanding of this statement was explained few posts later ; you can get through the all major areas in game , but not through the whole story . you can do dungeons/events level up and visit every part of the world - except your personal story will stop progressing . and ; so i could play 99% through the story ( but not finish it ) with order a , then switch to order b , and do 99% of its story , and then order c ? you will not be able to do that .
let 's find out . for science ! to do this , i noted my initial cash : then , i killed 3 civilians , each with a cleaner cost of $3,000 , and quit the mission . here is my final balance after that : in conclusion , cleaner costs are deducted at the time of civilian death , not at the time of mission end . therefore , it is not a good idea to kill all the civilians after a failure , unless you have money to burn .
the game levels around you but when you end up seeing is different types of creatures ( draugr thralls at level 1 for example and draugr wights at level 13 ) instead of the same creatures of different levels ( a thrall that is level 1 or level 13 ) . kind of building off of what zig-zag has said , you simply need to learn them . if you do not want to use an outside source or the console commands ( if available to you on the pc ) , then all you have is trial and error . however , if you want to look this information up then i would point you to the uesp skyrim bestiary . this contains links to all the major types of creatures and on their specific pages you are given level information so you can see what names of creatures your spells will be able to affect . it is honestly too much information to copy and paste here but maybe someone will amass a table of it all ( despite se not having good table support ) .
after a bit of research i found the following : nate and elena marry in unknown circumstances . however , nate 's phobia of commitment and lust for adventure places great strain on the marriage , and the two separate , becoming estranged . elena keeps her wedding ring , and victor sullivan looks after nate 's without his knowledge . . . . between uncharted 2 and uncharted 3 nate and elena were seemingly married . this is indicated during the third game when nate states that she is still wearing her ring and elena answers that it helps in this kind of country ( yemen ) to keep unwanted admirers away , though she is wearing it because she still loves him . unfortunately at some point before the events of uncharted 3 the relationship broke again , one of the reasons being the grenade injury she sustained , from harry flynn in uncharted 2 , which nearly killed her , the fact of nathan drake 's dangerous and agitated life being a risk to her safety ( his attempt to protect her because of his love for her ) and the obsession with drake 's ring which becomes his life which she does not want to be a part of . . . . chloe deduced that elena broke nate 's heart . in uncharted 3: drake 's deception , it is implied that their romantic relationship was challenged by nate 's inability to settle down . when nate tells elena that she loves the dangerous world of treasure hunting as much as he does , she simply replies , " not anymore . " i hope that there is anything what you were asking about . i did not find much more to tell you . sources : http://uncharted.wikia.com/wiki/elena_fisher http://uncharted.wikia.com/wiki/nathan_drake
do not underestimate the power of ; player morale team chemistry i have gone through the same before and noticed a couple of midfielders with either poor morale , fitness , or chemistry . formation tweaks , and fitness/morale cards saved the day .
from wikipedia : during levels , the player obtains power-ups that upgrade the score multiplier , starting at ' hyper ' and progressing through ' mega ' , ' super ' , ' ultra ' , and finally ' extra ' . as these multipliers are gained , the background music becomes more advanced accordingly , with new melodies being added and modern instrumentation layered on top . commander video is also able to collect gold bars distributed through the course of the levels - if all the gold bars in a level are acquired , the player is given access to a short bonus stage based on pitfall , the famous atari 2600 game programmed by david crane . basically , the " extra " stage is just the highest multiplier you can get for your score and it does not affect whether you get the retro bonus challenge at the end of the level . getting this multiplier is part of what you have to do to get " perfect " on a stage : reach the extra multiplier collect all gold in the main level as well as the bonus challenge level perform all the possible score-awarding actions ( such as jumping on springboards ) even if they are not necessary to complete a level . in the steam version of the game , you also get an achievement for reaching extra and for getting perfect ! ! on a challenge .
ok , i can now confirm : a new slim , pal xbox 360 worked with a relatively old ntsc ( 60gb/hdmi ) xbox 360 . system link was flawless , we connected the two directly with a lan cable however : the two copies of halo 3 we had were both ntsc , not pal . i am not sure whether this would work with pal+ntsc game copies . p . s halo 3 > reach
it is good for taking out distant enemies - snipers are the best example . also , the remote batarang does not stop when colliding with enemies , only with walls and such ; so with a little practice it is possible to steer it so that you could bring down multiple enemies in one throw . notice that enemies aware of the batarang will try to evade it .
this is a known bug [ ps3 ] [ xbox ] [ pc ] finn 's lute may get stuck in your inventory , not allowing you to sell the item or drop it . pickpocketing finn 's lute after completing the quest will also make it permanently part of the player inventory . pc players can use the console command player . removeitem 000dabab 1 to remove it . console players are effectively stuck with it forever .
summon arniel 's shade is a powerful spell indeed . it costs 0 magicka and is immune to physical attacks . i am not sure if the 0 cost was intended but it is certainly known . this is the end of the quest .
to change the group designation for a unit , assign the units to the new group , deselect all units , then press ctrl + the old group number ( this assigns the group to nothing ) . the only way to remove units from a group is to select the group , deselect the specific units , then re-assign those units to the same group .
well , according to the wiki article , it is totally random : all strongholds are located at random in a radius between 640 and 1152 blocks from the origin , 0/0 . due to the generation algorithm , the stronghold proper may extend further in or out of that circle . the three strongholds are spawned at equal angles from the center point of the world ( that is , each stronghold is 120 degrees from the others , measured from the origin . ) strongholds are still limited to 3 in a world . [ 1 ] they can be located using an eye of ender . this was not enough to definitively conclude anything , though , so i decided to look into the source code . here 's a snippet : that code determines the allowed biomes for a stronghold . you will notice that it includes a great variety of biomes . ( this code is from 1.1 , so jungle is not in there , but it probably is in 1.2.3 . ) the rest of the code is fairly uneventful , and includes no biasing or weighting to a certain biome . so no , swamps have the same probability as any other biome to generate a stronghold .
items highlighted in blue are containers or trap triggers and need to be activated " by hand " , that is , you must approach them to activate them . they also cannot be destroyed . items highlighted in red can be destroyed or activated by shooting at them , and are either containers , traps , or used by monsters for buffs . these items can also be used for destroyed object bonuses , along with other destructible items such as tomb stones , tables , etc . this latter group never contains anything which is why they are not highlighted .
no . no enemies in skyrim are aware of your magic immunity . the dragon ai is quite simple . if you are not in melee range , it'll use its breath and shouts at you . if you are in melee range , then it'll try to chomp you .
i believe , basing on reallygoodpie 's answer , i do know something that would work most of the time . unless you are a devout traveler and wandered for days away from the spawn point ( not too smart , a creeper blows up you and your bed and you are back to spawn , days away from home - not to mention all three strongholds are between 640 and 1152 blocks from the spawn ) we can assume your nether portal was somewhere within , say , 3200 blocks radius from 0 , y , 0 ( that is like 9 maximum zoom-out maps ! ) . since coordinates in nether are an eighth of the overworld , that means the portal will be within 400 blocks from 0 , y , 0 ( and you can estimate the radius by estimating the distance of the overworld portal from spawn . ) you can also estimate the altitude ( y ) - 64 if that was the surface , more for hills , less for underground . now locate 0 , y , 0 using f3 and then travel in spiral around that point , trying to explore increasingly wider circle of terrain and controlling your distance using the coordinates . that way you should not miss any terrain and be able to locate familiar areas and eventually the portal - six chunks radius is not something beyond hope for exploring , and most people will have their homes ( and portals ) within 1000 radius , that is mere 2 chunks of nether away from spawn . ( and if you remembered rough direction of your portal from spawn , using the cobblestone compass trick you can head straight for your portal from the " origin" ) another option , inspired by loren : if you have enough wood , or a chest - or are near enough from the portal ( say , aforementioned 0 , y , 0 ) - or are patient enough to locate a treasure chest at a fortress - write down your coords , dump all your equipment , suicide , then go , retrieve it all - stopping long enough to take note of the portal location this time .
it is a base 25 numbering system that is broken up into 5 groups of 5 symbols . once you know the symbols for 0 - 4 , the symbols for 5 - 9 , 10 - 14 , 15 - 19 , and 20 - 24 are the same , but they will have a modifier for 5 , 10 , etc . added to them . 14 is the symbol for 4 and the symbol for 10 superimposed . here is a more comprehensive article on it , with pictures for the numbers .
need for speed : hot pursuit does not offer anti-aliasing on its own , but you can override aa from within your graphic cards driver software ( control panel for nvidia cards ) . this has been working for nfs:hp for nvidia cards since the 266.44 driver .
various faqs claim that you get the gold wheel display for " playing with the wheel a lot " , but give no more detailed information . however , the outcome of this discussion as well as this thread indicate that the following critera need to be met : you have to have raced at least 100 races . you need to have used wii wheel as your controller more than 50% of the time . that last link is on the official mario kart wii forums and cites the official game guide , so it seems pretty trustworthy .
if i understand you correctly , you need to create a set of units quickly for 2 players and they run a battle with them against 1 ai . then you can go to arqades and find " hots unit tester online " map ( i can not be sure about other servers , but it is on europe server and i saw it on american server ) . then it is quite self explanatory , you can change terrain and choose units for both sides , and choose upgrades for them . also you have help button . once you put everything you need you can run it , taking control of one side .
these locatons unlock in future playthroughs . unfortunately when you finished the game ( which i am assuming you did ) and you selected the secret mission you made yourself ineligible on this playthrough to unlock the doors . see this ign thread . it is generally suggested to play through the game multiple times unitl you have visited all of the paths and then tackle the secret quests . so basically if you want these paths to unlock you can not take on the secret quests you need to just select a new playthrough .
if possible , you should always run a game on the native resolution of a monitor ( assuming it is an lcd of some kind , which your laptop is ) as it will look " best " . that being said , there is absolutely no penalty , performance , heat , or otherwise for turning this option on . if it looks fine to you ( i think it would drive me crazy ) , go ahead and do it .
if you have a bounty in an area some people may try and kill you . clear all your bounties and go back , hopefully it will have sorted itself out . on pc you can clear them with a console command . there is some good info about bounties here it also includes how random citizens / thugs etc can attack you due to bounty
one way you can approach this is to use an RS-NOR Latch Array . this is essentially many rs-nor latches next to each other . rs-nor latches are circuits that can store a 0 or a 1 ( represented in minecraft as an off or on current ) . when the button to activate the staircase is pressed , you want all the rs-nor latches to set themselves , to open the stairs . when the button to close the stairs is pressed , you want to reset the rs-nor latches to close the stairs . the good thing about rs-nor latches is that you can adjust the delay of the signals going to the s ( set ) and r ( reset ) lines of the circuit . essentially , you want to make the lines setting the rs-nor latches to set them in one order , and the ones reseting the latches to do so in the opposite order . unfortunately , it is a little difficult to explain this in text , so i will point you to this video by minecraftaddict . the video is not about your specific scenario , but to build the station , he uses an rs-nor latch array . note how the lines are set through the signal running under the delay , and are reset through the signals that are set to different delays , allowing the pistons to reset correctly . as promised , here is a little rs-nor latch array tutorial . this is the rs-nor latch array . it is a series of rs-nor latches . the nice thing about this design is that the latches are vertical , allowing them to be put next to each other with one block of space in between . additionally , the reset lines for the latches are underneath , meaning all the latches can easily be reset with one input . the lines running towards the left of the screenshot are the outputs of the latches . the reset line ( or what you will probably use as the set line ) is located under the latches . the signal must be inverted to keep the torches off , so that when an input is given , the line turns off and the torches turn on . i removed part of the right-most latch so the reset could be seen more clearly . notice the repeaters . repeaters can pass a signal through blocks , so the reset line signal is sent to a repeater leading into a block , turning the torch on top of the block off , and then sent to a repeater right after the block , which continues until the last latch . this allows one signal to be sent through all the latches to ( re ) set them from first to last . this is technically the set line of the latches , but it is better for the reset line when you need the reset to happen in a specific order . this is where you would make adjustments via repeaters make sure the pistons reset in the right order . note that the final block leading into the latches should always be a repeater , or else the !output signal will contaminate the rest of the line . that structure in the distance is a piston-powered vertical item transportation system - just ignore it .
since the last question was more about void rays i concentrated on more diverse protoss anti-air gateway since protoss strategies usually revolve around heavy gateway units , stalkers are more or less a must in anti air confrontations . the most important rule of stalkers is : unless you are chasing , never blink into battle . this is key , because as a tool , blink is far more effective as running away or chasing than it is as an opener . stalkers are a very fast unit , so the only time you should ever feel the need to blink into an enemy is when they are running away . blinking away has two important aspects to it : mass retreat moving the front line back while retreating is often times a necessary thing , it is the latter , that makes blink such an effective tool . when you find yourself against engaged in a battle , you will usually notice that your vanguard ( front units ) take the brunt of the damage . if you blink them away as they take damage , the damage will spread more evenly over your whole force and your stalkers will continue to do damage from longer periods of time . protoss air if your build is designed around air units there are two important things to remember : phoenix can shoot while they move void rays can shoot while they move most people do not know the second one . the key to any protoss air confrontation is to make it a mobile one . this is why the speed upgrade for void rays is so crucial . now phoenix and void ray have different use cases , phoenix are effective against light , and void rays against armored . based on what your opponent is going you have to adapt . if you are seeing muta heavy , go phoenix . if you are seeing viking/corruptor go vr . in a pvp its usually whoever has better macro or more upgrades who triumph . . . you know , unless you get high templar high templar usually built out of an early 4 gate strategy , ht are one of the most powerful units in the game . psionic storm needs no introduction , but do not forget about feedback . feedback has the unit property of being amazing against unexpected units . allow me to list a few : ghosts ( no surprise ) infestors ( no surprise ) dropships ( wait what ? healing uses energy ? ) phoenix ( how do you think they lift ) ravens ( as well as point defense drones ) battle cruisers ( oh yeah ! ) corruptors even mothership i have definitely had games where i won with just ht/zealot just because of how versatile this unit it . what is more they can easily be transformed into damage soaks ( archons ) to break siege tank of void ray lines . having trouble against mass void ray ? strangely enough psionic storm is surprisingly effective against void rays . because of the charging nature of their attack , many players will not immediately move their void ray out of danger . conclusion as always , the key to beating a pvp army often lies in doing something unexpected while your opponent is doing the expected . use observers to try and retain the advantage in the game of information warfare .
edit : thanks ! i tried to improve this answer with a few more examples . do not hesitate to give feedback . rule #1: player skills over champion matchup . do not pick a champion you do not feel confident with , just because it should counter your opponent . ( unless you want to practise , of course . ) rule #2: do not blindly trust lolcounter . why should you ? rule #3: every single patch makes part of lolcounter outdated . perhaps you should not trust it at all . rule #4: if you want , or need to rely on it , detailed and up-to-date comments and debates are worth infinitely more than votes . frustrated players who lost their lane can , and will vote regardless of whether they have been countered or not . tl ; dr most votes are unreliable . that being said . . . there are indeed game mechanics that favor some champions in a given matchup . a few examples : ryze can root ( w , " arcane prison" ) an opponent before damaging him . kennen 's " woohoo " sprint ( e , " lightning dash" ) makes him unable to do anything except moving fast , and that is his main farming tool . therefore , farming with lightning dash in front of ryze is almost impossible . short-ranged champions with no gap-closing abilities , e.g. udyr or ryze ( yes , he has ranged attacks , but his range is shorter than most ap carries ) are weak to kiting . ashe counters udyr ( he can never reach her ) and cassiopeia counters ryze ( she can harass him with q forever while never entering his casting range ) . among ad carries , caitlyn counters vayne for the same reason , even though it is less obvious . some champions have silencing abilities . they tend to fare better against casters , who rely on casting spells to deal damage . jax can dodge basic attacks during his majorette stance ( e , " counter strike" ) . that gives him an edge over champions who mostly rely on basic attacks , e.g. ad carries , tryndamere , ad master yi , etc . lee sin has two abilities revealing stealthed champions ( q , " sonic wave " , and e , " tempest" ) , i.e. he counters wukong , akali , etc . kennen 's and fiddlesticks ' ultimates ( "slicing maelstorm " and " crowstorm" ) are area spells that follow them and deal damage over time around them . which means they will be wasted if the caster is blown away from the fight . janna 's ultimate ( "monsoon" ) is perfect for this ; she is a famous counter to kennen and fiddlesticks in team fights only . other champions with knock-back abilities : alistar , jayce , gragas , lee sin and tristana . katarina 's ultimate ( "death lotus" ) deals huge damage over 2 seconds around her . however , this is a channeled ability . any crowd-control ability will stop it . three out of blitzcrank 's four abilities can interrupt death lotus , especially his ultimate ( "static field" ) , which is an instant and very safe way to disable katarina . she cannot hope to land her ultimate in the middle of blitzcrank 's team . poppy 's passive ability ( "valiant fighter" ) reduces by half the damage taken from heavy hits ( more than 10% of her current health ) . it makes her highly resilient to spike damage , such as veigar 's spells . however , she is very weak to damage-over-time spells ( which are almost never affected ) and true damage ( which cannot be mitigated ) . teemo , darius and olaf counter poppy in top lane . some of malphite 's and rammus ' abilities benefit from armor ( "spiked shell " , " defensive ball curl " and " ground slam" ) . they are more efficient against teams that rely a lot on physical damage . on the other hand , 50% of galio 's magic resistance is added to his ap ( "runic skin" ) ; therefore , he is better against teams that rely on magic damage . " yorick walks into a bar . . . there is no counter . " ( this is wrong , yet almost true , but i love this joke . cho'gath , nasus and trundle may benefit from yorick 's ghouls . ) these are only examples . they might even become outdated someday . however , what truly matters is the understanding of game mechanics that leads to these examples . always ask yourself " what makes this champion strong ? what would stop it in its tracks ? " . bottom line : be your own lolcounter .
in the normal tabletop card-game , if there are multiple creatures blocking one creature , it is the attacking-player who gets to choose what order to assign the damage . in magic 2012: dotp , when you are the attacker , by default the computer chooses an order for you ( to keep the game " simple" ) . you can however change it so that you get to decide the order every time by going to settings --> advanced --> uncheck " auto assign damage . "
stiletto always roams at the lower part of the thundering steppes ( close to coldwind cove griffon station ) . the area is where the entrance to the brutal acts of war is . there are several skindancer gnolls there and some giants . you just have to wonder around and wait . back in the day the spawn time was horrid , people were waiting for hours and hours . now it is not too bad - 10-15 minutes . you can get someone with tracking and hunt him down , alternatively , just stay close to the shrine ( where the named pops up ) and stiletto will appear .
the pet is automatically associated with your battle .netaccount when you register your starcraft ii collector 's edition cd key . you cannot give it away . if someday you do decide to play world of warcraft , you will have a shiny new mini-thor waiting for you in your mailbox . it is awesome , by the way .
if you are extremely distant from the objective , the waypoint system will indicate the closest node with a yellow chalice icon . when closer , you can hit tab to pull up the map overlay and drag it around to find a direction/destination .
without access to console/mods you are on your own to recheck all locations , note that there are few issues and in some cases they can be helpful . periodically , some stones apparently respawn at their initial place , such as the one in jarl elisif the fair 's quarters ( ps3/xbox ) . in calixto 's house of curiosities , it may be possible to obtain a stone at calixto 's museum on one of the shelves if every other location has been exhausted without obtaining all twenty-four ( xbox ) . there is a delay between when you click on the stone and when the stone is added to your inventory . if you click on a stone multiple times before it actually picks up , you will receive one stone but the quest will count it as two or more . this can be used to complete the quest faster as it does not affect the ability to move forward . if the stone of barenziah in reeking cave cannot be found beside the dead mage after applying patch 1.4 , a glitch will need to be utilized to reaccess the thalmor embassy and pick it up from its original location . this bug has been found in all versions of the game , and videos to resolve the situation are available on youtube . for some reason , the gem may not appear on the counter where it supposed to sit in fellglow keep . the stone in wuunferth the unliving 's quarters may not be there after the quest blood on the ice . as of now , there is no known fix to this . for gems found inside dungeons where you might be fighting npcs - they can be knocked off their table , shelf , pedestal or whatever by spells , arrows , bodies running into them , walking over them etc . and sometimes fall into inaccessible locations like a deep furrow in the ground or underneath furniture . in such a case , you may need to return to the area after a few in-game days and hope that the item locations are reset back to where they were at initially . if somehow you are able to use mods these should do what you need , though i can not guarantee how they react when you have already found most of the stones . . . be careful with saved games . http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=9385 http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=13274
empire relays do have a limited range , however , it is much longer than that of the consortium relays . to balance that , empire relays need a line of sight , which means there must not be solid , opaque objects in the way . power can in some cases be routed through glass and some other transparent surfaces . iirc other buildings you construct are ignored for line of sight .
according to hidden street , the quest you need to get the hat ( catch valefor ! ) is a adventurer thief-only quest , meaning no night walkers . however , these are the steps you need to complete the quest : talk to dark lord in kerning city : thieves ' hideout . go to swamp region : dangerous croco and talk to demon 's doorway . you will be teleported to mini dungeon : valefor strolling path . go to the top of the map and go through the portal to mini dungeon : valefor hiding place . defeat valefor . return to dark lord once you have completed the task . additionally , the quest is a level 18 - 40 quest , and you need to have the shumi , the coin maniac quest completed .
" how abrupt " depends entirely on the particular chunks in question , and is impossible to predict to boot . there is really no way to know until you try for yourself . if you are unsure you want the potentially very obviously misaligned chunks , you can always backup your world before deleting it , reverting if the border does not line up particularly smoothly .
ezic , referred to as the order of the ezic star , is a mysterious organization in papers , please . the player first encounters ezic when a random immigrant hands a business card over to the player . seeing as the card only appears on the last level of the beta , ezic is not mentioned again . however , on the back of the card , an immigrant 's name is shown . the player must give the card to that person who will then say " if you help us , we will help you " . after a few days , the ezic will give you 1000 credits with the option to burn it . source
yes , you can do that . there are a few additional effects of it every now and then ( such as the sick son ) , but in general , alternating between the two is a good strategy in saving money .
xna is built on .netso there is probably some clue as to what issue is in the event log . you will find the event log under administrative tools in the control panel ( viewable when control panel is set to " small icons" ) .
some tips for oblivion : watch what skills you assign as your primary skills , your characters level up when you advance enough in your primary skills , which causes everything in the game to level up to keep pace . this is a part of the game design . however , if your skills are poorly chosen , you could end up in a situation where the enemies are all very strong and tough while you do not have enough combat skills to handle them all and effectively , get stuck with the game . this is also very important if you do not understand the stat gain multipliers at each level . you do not want to end up with 3 +1s in your stats per level since you will be severely hampered as a result . read up about it here . stealth is actually quite easy and powerful in oblivion if you combine it with alchemy . a well aimed poisoned arrow ( with the proper poison ) can often take out your target with 1 shot . alchemy components are all over the country side , just grab whatever you can get your hands on while travelling to places . if you want the ability to make spells/enchant items , you will have to join the mages guild . this requires you to go through a series of quests ( most are fairly easy ) , and you will collect a bunch of free spells as you do so . making spells gives you the chance to create training spells , which is great way to level up your magic skills . for example , to improve destruction , make a destruction spell that does 1 fatigue damage for 1 second on self and spam that to level up . since you will be a thief , a big source of income in the game is stealing . however , you can not sell your stolen loot until you find a fence , which requires you to join the thieves guild . ask around the imperial marketplace to figure out how to do that . join the fighters guild ( yes you can join all the guilds at the same time ) to pick up some free healing potions from their chests . do not be afraid to run away . especially early game , if you see a big orc bandit run at you with a 2 handed hammer , its prudent at that point to run away as fast as possible unless you are familiar and skilled with combat . better yet , run for the nearest imperial guard and have them take out the orc and loot the corpse if you can : ) the wiki link that ragnar posted is probably your best resource for looking up references , but the game is best learned by playing and enjoying it .
as a rule of thumb , never build swordsman . spearman might be slower then swordsman and therefor are less effective vs archers but they are just for tanking damage and the extra damage they do when they are in range is much more effective then the speed of swordsman . in the end archers win battles , at least 3/4 of your army should be archers the rest spearman as your army grows the amount of archers should grow/increase relatively to spearman . source : i have played settlers 3 online for a long time , i actually stood in the top 10 ranking for a long time . i played mostly big and long random games with peacetime of 45+ minutes though .
the bus and coach can hold 7 passengers .
it looks awesome . that is the only advantage .
say " we are coming " , you have to stay with the general . i believe there is a second , later choice where you have to decide to protect him instead of civilians ; i think you need to persuade him at some point , so you will need enough rep ; i used the paragon option which got him to come along . always side with staying near , protecting and prioritizing the general and you will get him out safe , i did in my playthrough .
according to this , yes indeed !
all missions are theoretically ok for rookies , though there is a higher risk of them dying in : terror missions ufo missions for bigger ufos alien base mission final mission just equip them properly with laser/plasma rifles and armor and they should be able to survive .
the wiki says there are 5 new weapons introduced in the dlc . there are four new uniques ( blue ) : the cobra , the pocket rocket , the boom puppy , and the kitten , as well as a new e-tech shotgun called the slow hand . there are no new legendaries sadly . all of the orange tourgue weapons in the vending machines can be found as possible drops in the general campaign .
the maximum hit chance you are gonna get is 100% , even if you theoretically have more that that . but , and this is important , the total value of 105 ( from your example ) will be taken into calculation when an enemy is behind cover and thus lowering your hit-chance . example calculation : 85 aim + 10 scope - 20 low cover = 75 hit chance also have a picture : keeping these examples in mind , if you are able to boost the aim of a soldier with a bonus or 2 up to 120 you will render low cover useless to enemies .
start the single player campaign . it will serve as the tutorial in the first missions .
at present , it does not appear that there is a way to reset any stats . the forums seems to indicate that the only way to do it is to be caught hacking and then get your stats reset by dice . however , there is no guarantee that they would not just ban you instead . bf3 is different to bf:bc2 , where you could have different profiles on the same account .
i would not have thought so as the young drivers test is saved within the same profile data on the saved game data utility . so while you can reset the mode and start again , this will also reset your career , time attack , and champions mode statistics . which you probably already know . sorry !
the answers from @arremer and @ebongo below contain vital information so i can not accept one over the other , to that end here is that information combined : overview information from @arremer popular combinations : firefly dragon + air dragon sonic dragon + firefly dragon you need to be level 14 . breeding butterfly dragon takes place in a normal breeding cave or on the breeding island . breeding time : 12 hours a specific addition from @ebongo firefly is a requirement it has been confirmed multiple places that one firefly dragon is a requirement to breed this dragon . so your options are firefly + air or firefly + air hybrid . for air hybrids , sonic and blazing have both been reported to work . they are probably best , since they do not introduce any new elements . sources : here and here
you can cut the apc by going into blade mode ( left trigger on the default xbox 360 gamepad setup ) and pressing the light attack button ( x , for me ) when aimed at the apc . here ' s a video of it .
you can reflect : soldier rockets ( all types ) pyro flares ( all types ) demoman grenades demoman sticky bombs ( sticky bomb launcher/scottish resistance )  huntsman arrows ( which can headshot enemies ) sandman baseballs wrap assassin ornaments crusader 's crossbow arrows rescue ranger bolts ( will damage opposing buildings but not repair friendly ones ) mad milk jarate level 3 sentry gun rockets when you reflect projectiles they are promoted to minicrits ( if they were not ) , change sides with your team and ownership to you ( with the exception (  ) of stickies ) . this means , however , that they will still do splash damage to you should they explode too close . as for stickies you can still push those off points and doors , however , or even push them below the demoman 's feet . you cannot reflect : hitscan shots  anything which is a bullet and appears as streaks rather than projectiles syringe gun needles bison and pomson projectiles ( you can reflect cow mangler beams , however . )
the highest rank is lovin ' machine . you need 80 million points to attain it and when you do , you get a special congratulations picture .
one may only enter the bathroom appropriate for one 's gender . if you are really curious you could start a character of the opposite gender , though you will likely be disappointed .
there is fast travel between waypoints and a ' recall ' function when out in the field . going to a visited wayshrine ( one that has blue flame coming out of it ) and interacting with it will allow you to warp from that one to any wayshrine you have previously unlocked in any zone . this is completely free . if you are out in the field , however , and just want to quickly recall back to a wayshrine because you are in too deep , you can open your map through the menu and go to a location in any zone that you have previously visited a wayshrine . again , clicking on that wayshrine will warp you there , but this costs some money . from what i have seen , it costs based upon distance and character level . it is still fairly cheap , though , and you can easily make the money back from selling things . an alternate thing i have found is that if you are in a group , you can fast-travel to your group leader . this helps when you just got into the group and the leader is all the way in the dungeon already . right-click their name in the upper left corner and use the travel to player option . ( i think this is it , i will have to verify when i get home )
play with a team - bots will not help you here . you need a team of people that stick together . some players prefer playing with 1 bot on their team to spot/take care of special infected , but personally i believe the downsides of a bot outweigh this upside , as a coordinated team should have little issue hearing , locating and dealing with special infected . use microphones , talk to each other , coordinate efforts , and you will find that 4th player a lot more beneficial than an a.i. bot . do not run off , but do not stick together like glue - do not get so far ahead that your friends can not rescue you , but also do not bunch together in a group , as you will all get hit by boomer bile , knockback from hunter pounces etc . also try to pass one-way obstacles at the same time , if one person gets pounced on the other side they are pretty much dead . turn on full subtitles and listen to audio cues - there is certain musical pieces that play when hordes come , hunters in the area , that sort of thing . they also show up as text warnings with full subtitles turned on in the settings . use them as early warning markers , for example , retreat to a small corridor/room with a door when you hear a horde . keep your eyes peeled for hunters if you hear them etc . shove , shoot , reload . do not get caught with no ammo in your clip . you can reload whilst shoving , so make sure you do . health packs - you only get one per level , so do not use it unless absolutely necessary . usually this means waiting until you have been incapped twice , and are on " black-and white " ( there are some exceptions , most notably if your entire team is low health ) . if someone is on black and white and does not have a health pack , heal them up . you need a full team for as long as possible . pills - unless you are finding an overabundance of them , do not use them unless you are less than 50% health to receive the maximum benefit . spread them around as your team needs - no point waiting for someone to limp along with 1hp if someone else has pills . learn item spawn points obviously this comes with experience , but there are certain pre-determined areas where items have a chance of spawning . they differ from level to level , but generically , check : short dead-ends ( roads/alleys blocked off by debris or cars ) , kitchens and bathrooms ( apartments/houses ) , shelving units ( offices and garages ) park benches and seats a lot of it comes down to experience and luck , so do not underestimate that . even the best players sometimes can not finish expert and that is ok . just be ready to spend a lot of time dying before finishing a level .
there is no way to securely trade items , but you can transfer them from one person to another by dropping them and having the other person pick it up . obviously , this requires both of you to be in the same place . capsules are commonly used to transfer larger numbers of items in this way .
if you click on the crystal in your tavern it will bring up a window showing the statistics for the particular levels . across the top are the levels of difficulty , by clicking on the name you can see which badges you have earned on each level . edit : aim at the crystal , use the " view your statistics button " f by default .
this comes from the official black ops 2 site : buy the call of duty: black ops 2 dlc season pass and get all four epic dlc map packs* , including the revolution dlc map pack , for the discounted price of $49.99 , plus an exclusive in-game calling card and access to the nuketown zombies bonus map . so you can say that when your purchasing the season pass you get all of the upcoming dlc maps .
i would have thought the answer was 72% ( 1- ( 1- . 6 ) * ( 1- . 3 ) ) , but all the sources i find seem to suggest that 90% is the correct reduction . citations : 1 , 2 , 3
short answer : yes . longer answer : different scenarios not only have different objectives and failure conditions , but also change things like the starting state of the earth ( e . g . cornucopia where the earth starts with an abundance of fossil fuels , or earth day where all regions start with a green outlook ) . because of these changes , you will likely need to employ different strategies to meet your victory conditions or just stay out of trouble .
update as of 18/1/2013 the options menu has been changed to make it easier to find the control rebinding for items . i have taken a new screenshot - simply click on steps 1 through 4 from anywhere in the game client to open up the menu and rebind your item hotkeys . note : this part of the answer is outdated , but i left it alone for now . if it is appropriate to delete it , mods are welcome to do so . you can change the key bindings for both abilities and items by clicking their icons underneath the list of controls in the options menu . below is a screenshot of the controls menu , you can see that i reassigned my items to numbers 1-4 and my extra mouse buttons . it is not immediately apparent that these buttons which look like the ingame hud are actually additional key binding options , but each one that is labelled can be changed . it is also highly recommended that you rebind at least a few control group keys to something else , but it is rare that you will need all 6 control groups in a normal game . i chose f1-f3 , but you can use whatever you like .
i like to fight the dinosaurs in the " dinosaur shaped forest " in the world of ruin when i am trying to level my characters . this forest is located on an island in the northeastern part of the map , just west of triangle island . i believe brachiosaurs and tyrannosaurs spawn here . if you know vanish and x-zone , and have the gem box ( aka soul of thamasa ) , you can double-cast these two spells on them to kill them instantly . the gba version closes this loophole , but i do not know which version you are playing . brachiosaurs frequently drop economizers ( aka celestriads ) , and you can sometimes steal ribbons from them , which is an extra boon . if you are trying to level your whole party , you can leave one high-level magic user in while you gain levels on the others , so that you can power level the rest of the active team . the brachiosaur casts very high level magic very quickly , so having appropriate speed enhancing relics is also a plus . if you are not high enough level for this forest yet , you might try the veldt , which has the advantage of teaching gau new abilities if you have him in your party and leap when you encounter something new .
according to the strategy guide , you can find chichu in the archlyte steppe - ? ? ? af- . in order to get its crystal , you need the improved moogle throw fragment skill . if you have it , throw mog into a patch of red flowers on the plains of eternity . because the chichu monster crystal is one of a few only found using mog , you do not fight it , so you could theoretically be any level as long as you have the improved moogle throw ( which you get with the <a href="stackexchange-url mog 's manifestation fragment ) and access to the archlyte steppe - ? ? ? af- .
hit the ' public games ' button in the main menu in order to look at which quests are selectable . when you select a public quest , the description contains a level range . and if blizzard recommends an area , i bet your character will still get experience in that area .
check out auctioneer . this fancy add-on has a full array of fancy options to customize your desired profit , current market prices , averages , etc . this helped me a lot over time achieve maximum profit while still producing a sale .
a " precision loadout weapon " is a precision rifle-type weapon that you can spawn with . there are 4 weapons that meet this criteria : dmr , battle rifle , covenant carbine and light rifle . if you want to quickly complete this challenge , i would recommend playing swat , since you have to start with a precision weapon and enemies die with a single headshot . also , keep in mind if the playlist has you spawn with a precision weapon that is normally a pick-up weapon , this still counts . for example , in team snipers you spawn with a sniper rifle ; this does count towards these type of challenges . here is a forum thread about challenges that touches on this topic : xbox360 achievements - halo 4 challenges thread
tf ulting away when he still had a global ult . lol good stuff .
construction there is no easy , fast or cheap way to level this skill . getting construction experience requires too many steps , and many of those steps have a built in gold cost , since the skill was partially designed as a " cash sink " for players with large amounts of gold . consider all the steps required to train construction : obtain wood either through chopping down trees ( takes time ) or buying from other players ( takes gold ) . obtain nails either by making them yourself ( takes a ton of time ) or buying them from a vendor ( takes a little bit of gold ) . turn the wood into planks , which always takes a substantial amount of gold and can take a lot of time , if you make the run to the sawmill yourself . alternatively , you can pay even more gold to have your servant make the run to the sawmill for you . construct the items for experience ( takes time ) , though once again , you can trade money for time by paying your servant to go to the bank . unfortunately , training construction is going to take time and it is going to take gold . there is no way around it . prayer training prayer can be done for cheap , but that takes a lot of time , or it can be done quickly , but that takes a lot of gold . if you decide to train prayer quickly , you need to be willing to pay a lot of money for the high level bones , and you will likely need to pay someone for access to a high level altar in their house , unless you are lucky enough to have one in your own house ( or have a good friend with one ) . with this method , you can train as quickly as you can make bank runs to and from the house ; either by yourself or by paying your servant . if you decide to train prayer cheaply , you need to be willing to spend the time obtaining bones , which means a lot of combat . the upside to this method is that you get to train your combat skills at the same time , but it is not fast . then you need to use the extremely slow ectofuntus process to turn the bones into prayer experience . as this requires grinding all the bones , obtaining all the slime and a lot of walking , it can take a very long time . thieving i am not sure why you have included this skill in this question , as it is extremely easy , fast and cheap to gain experience in thieving . you do not have to pay a thing to train thieving - all you have to do is stand in one spot and repeatedly steal from someone . in fact , thieving will earn you money as you train it - it will not earn you a lot , but something is better than nothing . it still takes time to level the skill , since the exponential experience required to level means that you have to steal a ton of stuff to get to level 99 , but since there are not any bank runs or secondary steps , levelling is not going to get any faster than this skill . also , thieving has a couple of decent mini-games , pyramid plunder and sorceress ' garden , that give out really good thieving experience and are fun to play , so you can actually enjoy yourself while grinding up the levels .
codename gordon , also known as half-life 2d : steam://install/92 just paste this url into your web browser , while you have steam running on your pc . this link does not appear to work in chrome ( tested on firefox , chrome , safari and ie 11 )
it depends . if you killed someone and did not hide the corpse then almost always there will stay one guy with the corpse . if you we are spotted , your disguise blown or a body found then any of those can trigger the npc 's to change their routine , so the more you screw up the more attention it brings to your presence , best bet is to watch their routine and check when it is safe to make your move . also , it all depends on the level you are playing and the difficulty . the harder the level or difficulty the longer they will stay alert .
" reaper ? a label created by the protheans to give voice to their destruction . in the end , what they choose to call us is irrelevant . we simply . . . are . " there is a lot of information about them here -- i will copy the summary , but the whole page is worth a read ( beware of the obvious spoilers of course ) the reapers , known by the geth as the old machines , are a highly advanced machine race of synthetic/organic starships . the reapers reside in dark space , the vast , mostly starless space between galaxies . they hibernate there , dormant for thousands of years , before they are given the signal to return . their origins are completely unknown . the first reaper known to have communicated with organic life , referred to by saren arterius as sovereign , claimed that the reapers have neither beginning nor end . even their true name is a mystery ; " reapers " was a name bestowed by the protheans , and sovereign stated that whatever the protheans chose to call them is irrelevant : " we simply . . . are . " sovereign also reveals that the reapers were the original creators of the citadel and the mass relay network . these massive constructs exist so that any intelligent life in the galaxy would eventually discover them and base their technology upon them  all part of a scheme to harvest the galaxys sentient life in a repeating cycle of purges that has continued relentlessly over countless millennia .
you have not posted a question . if you are asking an opinion on the matter i prefer playing with ad tristana as a ad ranged carry since she has more consistant damage even tho she has high ap ratio 's and you can get cooldown reduction but it is limited at 40% even then its 10+ seconds to use your dot and 40-60 seconds on ultimate .
is it wise to trust aria ? well , you certainly do not want to . . . mess with her . but yes , trusting aria 's judgment is a good idea in this case . i will have to check on the specific numbers , but i recall the combined force of these three gangs adding at least a few hundred points to your war assets . and let 's face it , unless a paragon plans on asking the reapers nicely to leave , they need all the help they can get - even if it is from miscreant scum . gaining the support of each of the groups can at first seem to put you in some situations that a paragon shepard might find disagreeable , but there are conversation options that will allow you to resolve the situations without you having to get your hands too dirty .
no but you can process more at the time by increasing the size of your smeltery , handy when you start automating it
this depends on what you mean by " attack button . " league of legends has four commands relevant to attack : player move click , player attack move click , player attack only click , and player attack move . all four bindings can be found in hotkeys &rarr ; additional hotkeys &rarr ; player movement and can be rebound as you like . note that although the commands ending in click are bound to mouse buttons by default , they may be rebound to keys without change in functionality . i will give a short description of each with their windows bindings . player move click ( default rmb ) : this is the main moving key , bound by default to the right mouse button . this will move you to the location under your mouse cursor , unless you click on an enemy , in which case it will move you into range of them and then attack them . this results in a green targeting indicator ( blue in colour-blind mode ) . player attack move click ( default shift + rmb ) : like pmc , this will move you to the location under your cursor . however , as soon as an enemy ( note : does not include neutral monsters , aggroed or not ) comes within auto-attack range , your champion will begin attacking it . this results in a red targeting indicator ( orange in colour-blind mode ) . player attack only click ( default ctrl + rmb ) : unlike pmc and pamc , this will not move you to a location . you must have your cursor over an enemy or neutral monster when pressing this . upon doing so , your champion will move into auto-attack range and begin attacking . no targeting indicator is shown . player attack move ( default a ) : this changes your cursor to show a red diamond cursor icon ( yellow in colour-blind mode ) . after you click ( with lmb in windows ) , it acts exactly like pamc , including displaying the targeting indicator . the reference image above shows the targeting indicators and the cursors . in order from left to right , they are pmc , pmc ( colour-blind ) , pamc , pamc ( colour-blind ) , pam , and pam ( colour-blind ) . the first four are animated indicators shown on the ground , and the last two are cursor replacements .
open the console using the tilde key ( ~ ) and type tcl ( which toggles collision , letting you go through walls or other solid objects ) . once you are in a safe zone repeat the process to turn it off .
you can kill them with red enchanted leather gloves or fireballs .
this link has explained it quite nicely , you may take a look . it says , there are 7 new slots for the equipment : chest , back left , back right , front left , front right , left side and right side . different items can be quipped into different slots , so you can combine up to 7 different pieces . the items give you extra carry weight : small pouches - 25 satchels , box pouches and bags - 50 bandolier - 75 large bandolier - 100 to see which slots the items are , using and how you can combine the items , there are screenshots given .
lollipops can be used to make more lollipops , and when you have enough you can turn them into candy either by throwing them into the wishing well , or by investing in the mill .
bashiok the d3 community manager already stated that they did it on purpose : it is an intentional mechanic , not an exploit or bug . our intent is simply to make combat feel good and responsive , but the implementation to hit that goal in the closed beta build is actually quite old . it is likely you will see changes within some future beta push that reflect more what we are testing now internally , but of course it is possible that will not be the final implementation either . 1
i have entered the " yellow lantern " , then the achievement popped . so my guess would be that a lantern of any other color than green should do the trick .
cemetery of the forsaken is a pretty nice place with relatively few enemies . just go around in a circle , keep your rhythm , and do not forget you can smash those stone column things near stairs . use those columns to hop between the gravestone patches . also , having a skill such as leap or some other kind of teleport will help you keep the rhythm if you accidentally end up too far away from your next target . i recommend using a close-range melee attack . aoe attacks are not recommended because you might end up in an empty area that you created . if you use skills that consume your resource , make sure you have as much as possible and can easily regenerate it by , for example , attacking the skeletons in the area . grab some cheap +movement speed gear from the auction house , too .
tl ; dr : the answer is yes . i could have had this tested within 10 minutes , were i not quite so particular in regards to the parameters of my test . the particularities cost me several fast travels , and a dragon encounter in riften ( my adopted home town - i could hardly ignore that ) . but , test this i did . in the end , it was an interesting 45 minutes . and before any of you say i could have done something differently with the console , please remember i am on a ps3 . this test could have been done with any follower . i had two in my riften home : iona , my housecarl , and jordis , my wife . however , you specified lydia in your question so i decided to go to whiterun and get her . to keep this test as clean as possible , i wanted to start us both with our inventories as empty as possible . this meant dropping everything i had , clothes included , into a chest at home . the next step was trying to relieve lydia of the same . strangely , despite my level 100 pickpocketing , this was a more difficult task than i had anticipated . the first time , she caught on to what i was doing , and darted out the nearest door to fast-travel back to whiterun . when i got to whiterun , i saw that she had somehow procured her armor again and so i would have to start over . i took her back to my riften home again , and this time started in the basement so that i would have a chance to catch her before she got out the door if she chose to run . still , she swatted away at my advances . now i knew we needed some quality time outside for her to cool down before i could try again . so , i decided we had take a walk about the riften stables . that is when the dragon showed up . i quickly ran into riften , hoping he had be content to stay outside . however , he was having none of that . he followed lydia and i into the city , where he continued his rampage . without my enchanted armor , i knew i did not have enough power to defeat him head-on . also , with lydia only partially dressed , i did not expect her to fare well in the fight either . so i dashed into my house , threw on my best dragonscale armor , and came out ready to fight . the guards were already hard at work , but making little progress . lydia was doing what she could from a distance , with that odd bow and arrow set that i can never seem to take away from her . ( sure , i can manage to pick off her armor , boots , gauntlets , and shield - but somehow the bow and arrows are off-limits . ) i went in , hands aflame , and made short work of the beast myself . after all was peaceful again , we went back inside and i dumped my inventory into the chest again . this time , perhaps not having much energy left to fight , lydia seemed a bit more cooperative with my efforts to empty her inventory as well . i dropped all of her stuff into another chest , then retrieved her boots and one filled grand soul gem i had in a cupboard . lydia looked on as i took these to the enchanter , and loaded up the boots with a +37 fortify carry weight . then , we went to the master bedroom where i had my potions stored . as we came up the stairs , i saw my wife jordis turn and walk away in disgust . our housecarl , iona , simply rolled her eyes and continued drinking her mead . i threw lydia 's boots on the bed , so that i myself would start with zero effective weight on-hand . i would chosen potions because they are small and uniform in weight , allowing for fairly accurate and granular measurement . plus , i had an end table packed to the brim with naught but a crap-tonne ( that is a metric crap-ton ) of them . in a flash , i had myself over-encumbered with 699 weight units of potions - a total of 1,398 little vials . i knew i would hardly need all of these , but i figured it was the easiest way to start . i began with the largest batches first , and gave lydia as much as she could carry : 227 restore magicka potions ( 188 mp ) 121 restore magicka potions ( 121 mp ) 42 restore health potions ( 188 hp ) total weight : 195 i still had over 500 weight units of potions in my stock , but now i could move around a bit . looking at lydia 's boots , i saw that they weighed 8 units . so , i took 16 of the restore health potions from her ( at 0.5 units apiece ) and handed her the boots . after she put the boots on , i chose a different potion to measure how much ( if any ) her carry capacity had increased . she was able to take a total of 74 regenerate health ( +150% for 5 mins . ) potions before becoming overloaded . that is 37 additional weight units , which was the exact amount of the bonus provided by the boots . she now had a total effective carry capacity of 232 units . of course , i could not let her go wandering across all of skyrim in the buff as she was . so , once we were done with our little chemistry experiment , i graciously relived her of the potions and returned her equipment . i even allowed her to keep the newly-enchanted boots . iona let out a sigh of relief , while jordis stormed off to bed . i suppose i will have to get my rest in whiterun tonight .
nope ! you are not a bad hero ! unless you think leaving a damsel in distress hanging is bad . . . then yeah , you are , sorry buddy . whatever you do , you will always be late and impa will brandish it over your head , so keep questing ! i suppose you could call that a character-building experience for link ? as far as i remember , there are only a few time-limited quests , and you are notified before you set off to complete them . why have side-quests available if you are supposed to be rushing through the main plot , right ?
let 's see , your options are : exping : the act of gaining experience , be it through quests , missions , puzzles , treasures , or just by killing opponents . edit : disregard the previous term , as it looks like it is not as widespread as i thought . consider it just a localized version of leveling . leveling : the act of gaining levels , usually by accumulating experience points ( xp ) . generally used refering to the actual moment of going up a level ( "he just leveled up" ) , can also be used for a continuous action ( "i am spending my time leveling" ) the term " farming " instead refers to the act of going through the same actions for long stretches of time to hoard single resources ( you can farm money , minerals , items , and even xps )
it is a bit confusing , but several levels into the clockworks ( regardless of which gate you pick ) , there is a " clockworks terminal " level . that level is basically a midpoint of the tier , where you can heal up for free , and purchase recipes from a vendor . that is what you need to reach for the achievement ( and hat ) . hope this helps .
reaper are neither a meaty nor a support unit , meaning they are not good in an army composition . this is because of their cost and their build time . reapers are good scouts and harassment units . there are a few timing attacks that are nasty , but actually mass reaper is not viable . so reaper are reduced to : scouting : especially with speed they are a cost effective scout compared to scans or slow units like marine / scv that get killed all the time . harassing : having a few reaper that regularly visit the opponents mineral line can be compared to drops . the opponent has to stay in his base or he risks loosing his economy . but you also need a real army , that can finish you opponent . in hots the reaper has exactly the same role . their building damage is reduced , but they get an out of combat healing ability , so they can harass more often without dying .
you should send them to trade posts , which will increase your trade income .
it changes how your partner reacts when you shoot them . with attack reaction : on , i remember that your partner would react to the shots as normal , they will hit your partner , your partner will shout\scream\bleed ect . with attack reaction : off , your partner will not react in any way if you shoot them . no blood , ect , and the bullet will pass right through them . regardless of which option you choose , you can never hurt your partner , it is visual effects only .
i think it depends on the game . one way that some developers approach developing a game is to make it for one platform first , and then port that to the other platforms - this is typically called having a " lead " platform . for example , from what i have read dice is developing battlefield 3 for the pc first , and then working on the console versions . this can be seen by all the early footage from the pc version , but not really seeing anything on the console versions until e3 this year . also in this case , the pc version will support more players at once in multiplayer ( up to 64 iirc , not sure on that though ) . however for a game like modern warfare 3 , that ( at least from what i have read ) seems to focus on the xbox 360 version first . this is definitely the case for dlc , since activision has a deal with microsoft to release all dlc for the 360 first . also , i do not think they have finalized plans for call of duty elite on the pc yet , due to potential issues with users running their own dedicated servers . overall , i think that in order to choose " correctly " you will need to evaluate each game on its own merits . there are so many ways to develop a game that there really can not be any hard and fast rules that make a certain version always the best one .
with the kit refinement trait , switching to the elixir gun will create a heal/condition removal field around you .
i will try to cover as much as i can in this answer . as i stated in my comment it depends on what race you are playing against , what you scout , and when you are trying to get both these buildings . map size also factors into your decision as well . since you are referring as to having to make a choice , i am going to assume that you are trying to do this off one base on a relatively smaller map so all answers below will be tailored around that assumption . if it is a big map ( like tal'darim alter ) you can quickly get a second base and do something like a +1/+1 + charge or blink attack . so what race are you playing against . terran if you are playing terran that is going a heavy bio start , a forge is a good choice with a small zealot , sentry , and stalker army . getting a quick +1 armour will reduce marine damage to zealots to 1 with a guardian shield up ( guardian shield reduces damage by 2 , zealots start with 1 armour , marines attack for 5 ) making them that much stronger against against a bio army . if you scout them and they are going a tech route then it will boil down to what you plan on doing with your army and what path you will be choosing . archons and storms do significant damage to a terran army late game . the same can be said if you go with colossi and upgrades if they do not have vikings either . zerg this is a tough one to make a choice because zerg can swap so quickly with their army composition . the safer choice between the two is to go forge first with a +1 attack upgrade . the +1 attack allows for zealots to 2 shot zerglings instead of 3 . this increases the effectiveness of zealots versus zerglings by 33% . that said , if they go roaches and you are heavy zealot , they can be kited forever on and off creep so you need to make sure you are fighting on your terms . a few sentries thrown in will stop them from running away so you can deal your damage . it does also mean that blink stalkers will have a significant advantage over roaches as well . even charge would work too . but it depends on what their army composition is so you sort of need the most well rounded army possible . keep in mind , late game , storms are very helpful versus the swarm . protoss again this comes down to army composition . if it is a stalker vs stalker fight , the player with blink will win ( assuming properly blink micro ) . if one of the players goes the colossi route later on , the one with the forge early with early attack upgrades will destroy the army of the guy that does not have the upgrades . this mirror match-up is difficult to theorize without scouting information . if you see a forge upgrading you need to get one in response , if you fall behind you will lose . it really depends on what you plan on going for a build . generally speaking though forge is the safer bet . you can get quicker upgrades , and if you scout a twilight council and dark shrine you have access to dropping a cannon to save you from dark templars as well without having to spend the money on a robotics bay and get an observer .
no it does not change how others see you . however , it will change everyone for you . if you are viewing yourself as left handed , you will also see everyone else as left handed . it works the same way for right handedness , everyone else will see you as they see themselves . the 3rd person character model does not change at all either way .
as the wiki article about sheol says , you can enter sheol and fight satan if you get a devil room after defeating mom 's heart . once you beat mom 's heart 10 times , you will always be given the option to enter sheol .
you can not actually change the block via the command line , but you do not need to download the whole map in order to edit the block in mcedit . each set of chunks are stored in a separate file , so using a region finder you can determine while file you need to download . you can then edit it and re-upload the file to the server .
there are 2 methods that i know of to regain hearts , and you mentioned both : you can refill a single heart at the store . i have only ever seen them available for 5,000 . you can only buy a single heart , and then you have to wait for the store to restock . you can collect bandages to refill a heart . i think the first heart you lose , you have to collect 10 bandages , and then if you lose a second and third ( you can have 4 total hearts i believe with an upgrade ) , you have to retrieve 15 bandages for those . if you die , you have to start over . you keep your various upgrades and shanties , but you start back at the beginning of the map , so be sure to have plenty of upgrades on hand each board you play to be prepared to run if needed . edit : it appears there is a way to revive yourself with gold if you have enough when you die , though i do not recall ever seeing this option .
for the first area : nope , you are dead if you fall . for the second area : if you fall into the center , then yes , you can get out . there is a switch at the bottom you can hit to raise the whole platform . iirc , it also has a large health pack in the center of it . if you fall off into the sides however , there is no way to get out other than death .
kirrahe will survive if you take out the geth fliers by disabling the landing strips on your way into the compound . if you do not , he will die to an air assault . how much of his team survives depends on what shepherd does with the alarms when entering the facility - the renegade option means less will survive , but " how much " of his team survived does not get carried over . the wiki has a little more .
there should not be an armour cap for items , but there is a cap on the amount of damage you can mitigate ( 80% ) this comes at 567 displayed armour rating . with that said , even if you go over it should still display what your actual rating is , just will not mitigate more than 80% of the incoming damage . my guess is a bug or you are doing something wrong . source
you can actually get a Collectors Catalog from chocobo racing but chocobo racing is actually required to obtain it . follow these steps , but i warn you , it is a long and arduous task : acquire a Golden Chocobo from ' a dying world - 700af ' . it is found in a dead-end somewhere . ( you have already done this , but so others know ) . max-out this chocobo 's stats . i think the max is level 45 . go mental . race at the chocobo arena until you reach Fal'cie class . keep an eye out for the race Dahaka's Stake . this race sometimes gives the item Collector's Catalog . you can use items ( i forget which ) to refresh the items rewarded from this race . optional : this will max out a collector 's catalog obtain one Collector's Catalogs from step 4 above . obtain two Pheonix Bloods . if you do not have some already in your inventory then they can be bought for 1600 chips at the Casino , which you should have amassed from your racing anyway . obtain two Sunpetals . these are dropped in windy Archylytte Steppe from the microchu but these are a rare drop go to see Chocolina at the archlytte steppe and you can buy a Durable Collectors Catalog for 40,000 gil a piece . enjoy your upgraded durable collectors catalogs which increase item drop , gil etc etc ah yes , they are not stackable see my answer here to see details on drop rate improvement from accessories / abilities
they are huge , absolutely humongous . in this tectonicus render you see my map after i have traveled for about 10 in-game days ( i think ) in one direction , got fed up , changed direction , got fed up again and headed back home .
no , you will only miss out on one thing by playing on casual mode . if you beat the game while playing casual on the lunatic difficulty , the ng+ for lunatic will be casual only . this is different from beating it on classic mode which unlocks both . this is also different from the other two difficulties where beating it in casual unlocks both classic and casual ng+ . other than that the games are identical except in casual mode permanents deaths are turned off and you can save in battle , you are allotted two slots for this . there are no extra boards/characters/etc . that can only be obtained by playing on classic .
yes , you have to know each others battletag and add them to your friends list . then its a simple matter of joining your friends game or a inviting them to yours .
after more digging , i found this awesome site which lists the location where every moga can be captured . the anee ( only found at albus ruinea ) is now in my stable . . . on to the next . http://monstergalaxydatabase.blogspot.com/2011/09/zodiac-islands-moga-list.html?m=1
since you are talking about the pc version of rage , from steam , no - this does not require games for windows live . when i start my copy of rage via steam , i get launched straight into the game without having to log into games for windows live .
the answer is no . borderlands has not recently made it so you can not change your field of view . the culprit was my bindings being placed in the wrong section of the WillowInput.ini file . the linked question does not say that the bindings must be placed in the [WillowGame.WillowPlayerInput] section of the WillowInput.ini file .
i was hoping for a more authoritative answer , but after > 50 hours of gameplay using mostly elemental weapons , i am pretty darn sure there is no longer a tech pool . elemental guns deal consistent damage and elemental effects are randomly distributed . the visual effects are consistent ( either a shot was elemental or not , you can tell by watching the bullet impacts ) . this means that slow firing weapons are worse for stacking elemental status effect damage than high rate of fire weapons , which is sort of the opposite of how the old tech pool worked . the status effect chance % as listed appears to be the only relevant factor for " procing " a shot , though it is affected by skills , class mods and badass bonus stats .
no , there is no way to change this behaviour . similar to the isometric view this is part of the gameplay blizzard decided to retain as it encapsulates what they regard as the " feel " of the diablo series . the closest you can get is binding a key to " move " which will move you towards the mouse cursor when pressed , as per how can i avoid clicking quite so much ? .
at the moment , there is unfortunately no such setting in the game . we gonna have to wait for egosoft to put it in .
so , observing last mile internet performance is notoriously hard . depending on your wireless card you may be able to monitor signal strength over time ( you will also want to watch for noise , in many wireless environments this is a limiting factor ) . additionally , you could plug a computer into a land line to compare performance . however , if this is a down stream problem neither of these things will correctly identify the source , what you really need is route tracing . on a windows computer this can be done by running tracert : this will create a packet train with varying ttl ( time to live ) based on the number of " hops . " because of the shortened ttl you will be able to see network data from along your route : by running this consistently over time you can identify common bottle necks . an example of this came from when i lived in canada , and i would have intermittent issues connecting to wow server . tracert showed that occasionally ( probably due to peering agreements ) the path would route through texas . in that case i was able to talk to my isp and get them to fix the issue , but that is not always feasible .
it must have been a glitch in the matrix . i started the game over again and got ghosts all the way through .
survivability in diablo 3 takes in account 2 components : toughness , and healing . while those stats are easy to understand , the mechanic behind and between them and how to take profit of both is not always obvious . i will try to explain to you how to take advantage of the different affixes you have in the game in order to become really survivable and have a great sustainability . toughness toughness represents ( if you read the tooltip ) the number of damage your character car undergo from full life to zero . while it is clear what toughness is , it is harder to understand how to optimize it . a common mistakes is to have a really high life pool ( lot of vitality ) and overlook armor and all resist . while your sheet toughness will look the same , if you do not have enough resistances and armor , your life pool is just a big amount of lie . it provides a fake sense of toughness when you can actually die really easily . toughness is a balance between vitality , armor and all resistance . to reach higher torment difficulties ( and especially torment 6 ) , you will need at least about 1300 all resist , 7000 armor and a life pool between 300 000 and 350 000 . with a demon hunter , you can boost up those stats with your companion boar and with the passive skill perfectionnism . last but not least : the more life you have , the less the healing stats will be effective , that is what i am going to explain in the next section healing and synergy with an optimized toughness healing affixes are : life on hit , life after kill , life per second and life per resource spent ( the latter exists only for melee classes ) . why are those affixes important ? it is easy to overlook the healing stat by thinking that health potion and health globe are enough . while they offer you some good sustainability , the drop rate of globe and the cooldown on the health potion does not make them as reliable as other healing affixes . let 's take a quick example by comparing 2 situations : character a 5m toughness 30 000 hp regen/sec 500 000 hp character b 5m toughness 30 000 hp regen/sec 300 000 hp they have the same toughness however b has a more optimized one since he has 200 000 hp less . let 's assume both are being hit by a monster that deals 500 000 damage per second . it is 1/10 of their toughness which translate into them losing 1/10 of their life pool per second . for a this represent 50,000 hp and for b 30,000 . however , both heals for 30,000hp per second . . . see where i am going ? indeed , in this situation b will never die while a loses 20,000 hp per second and die after 25sec . of course in the game you are facing way more factors than just one monster hitting you but you get the general idea . the trick is to understand that healing give back raw hp and not toughness , so depending on your life pool : you are getting back a better % of your toughness if you have few hp but high armor and all resistance . for a each life point account for 10 toughness and for b each life point account for ~16.5 toughness which makes the healing stat about 65% more efficient for b . you now understand that healing can be very powerful , you should use : life on hit when you have a high attack rate or you are using a skill that have a high proc rate . life after kill allow you gain huge amount of life when clearing trash mob ( if you have powerful aoe , this stat does wonder ) . life per second offer sustainability during the whole fight ( you can gain it easily with paragon point or with the templar compagnon when playing solo ) life per resource spent if your character benefit from it . conclusion survivability is a mix between killing fast , toughness and healing . for the defensive aspect , the more you stack armor , all resistance ( and damage reduction modifiers ) , the more powerful your healing becomes so you can survive much longer even with a smaller toughness number . what you get with this sense of " false toughness " when stacking life is actually " diluted healing " .
according to answer of matthew scharley here : stackexchange-url things will not move through unloaded pipes either so you will not get your materials till you go near the pipeline . and comment of jonathan drain here : how many chunks do i need to keep loaded to keep quarries working in buildcraft ? everything fell out of the pipe at the point where it reached the unloaded segment . i tried to test it and i think that the items in the pipes in the chunks that were unloaded will just stop . they will not disappear . for new items heading through pipes into unloaded chunks , i think it is very likely that everything fell out of the pipe at the point where it reached the unloaded segment , although i do not have enough time to test it and strong evidence to prove it .
here it states all the console-exclusive things for terraria . npcs are not among them , and therefore are most likely just the same as the pc version . here you can see which npcs that are possible to spawn pre-hardmode . that is : the guide merchant nurse painter dye trader demolitionist dryad arms dealer party girl stylist angler goblin tinkerer witch doctor clothier mechanic that is 15 npcs , which means you will need 15 houses .
when you raise an item 's or pet 's level up to the maximum , you get your name tagged onto the item , marking that you made the choices in leveling its attributes . it is blank until you max level the item or pet .
found it ! 24v 0.75A from ac adapters for logitech wheels
i have just spent about 30 minutes seeking this solution but i finally figured it out . i know how frustrating it can be to find straightforward answers to problems and i do not want the time i spent figuring this out to be wasted . if i can help one person it is worth it . anyways here is how i fixed it . all you have to do is install this official version of directx from microsoft . i do not know why but this solved my problem immediately . here is the link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35 have fun and enjoy
ahn'kahet / gundrak / drak tharon keep has dropped good gear for me as for my tank/healer specs . you can try halls of lightning in storm peaks but best go with very well geared party into ulduar . so , storm peaks is perhaps the best . nax is the entry level raid instance for new 80 's . you could also try and get into a sartharion raid which you can get to via theramore on kalimdor . i did not really do naxxramas and skipped it . went back later for the achievements . lots of fun in a 25 man raid though . basically a good raid party that is well geared can help pull you through the instances . but looking for the rare gear , you can consider trying to get the tier 9 gear . this guide is not bad either . a lot of good gear can be acquired via badges . ultimately you are preparing for level 80 raiding in 10 man dungeons . this guide is a good for an idea about which instances to use for raiding , ( it is geared for pallies , but it is good for any class preparing for raids . ) .
i have completed the stormcloaks questline . i headed over to windhelm to see ulfric , in the name of science . when you talk to him there is no option to challenge him to a duel or anything like that - he just tells you that you have done enough for now . i tried attacking him , but he is like other " important " characters and cannot be killed . he just wussed out and fell to the floor instead . there is one way that you can switch to imperials halfway through the questline . i know that you do not want to support the imperials , but it is the only option if you do not want to support ulfric , unless you decide not to complete the quest chain at all . after you retrieve the jagged crown , instead of taking it to ulfric you can take it to general tullius in order to join the imperials .
find an agent that gives combat missions . you should go with lvl 1 or 2 agents . http://eve-agents.com/
many of the effects of encounters are randomized -- even if last time you were in the exact same situation with the same text , things might go differently . you will not be able to tell if the crewmember will be insane until the event completes , except in certain special circumstances ( detailed below ) . i believe in one particular event , you find a station with a sole survivor , and ( s ) he offers to join your crew . there is a chance that everything goes fine , and this will add +1 crewmember . however , there is a chance that this person will go insane and murder one of your other crewmembers , in which case you end with -1 crewmembers . the outcome is randomized , though . the insanity is immediate during the event , and unlike a " boarding party " you can not fight the crewmember . if they go insane and there is no mitigating factors ( see below ) you will instantly lose a crewmember . if they do not , you will never have problems with the crewmember in the future . a couple of things can affect the outcome , however : having an upgraded medbay can heal the insane crewmember . this seems to always result in the " good " outcome , regardless of the random factor . i believe a single upgrade point is sufficient , and you do not need to have the medbay completely powered , so dropping a point on your medbay might make sense as an early-game scrap investment . a slug crewmember can use its mind control powers to affect the outcome and potentially keep the crew member sane ( or at least harmlessly end the event ) . joe pointed out on a comment to another answer that this new crewmember will likely then be human .
the turrets on fracture are cosmetic , and are not hack-able . they are meant to be the reason the imc wants to control the hardpoints in the first campaign mission " the refuling raid " .
no it is not possible , sorry . this is probably due to the fact that they are the standard quick game servers which most likely change , start and stop based on demand . for example if there are no caspian border maps currently available a server might change it is map rotation to suit . this is all just a guess at why you can not by the way since searching the interent for solid reasons was unsuccessful : (
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
along with the story mode , there are many collectibles such as playboy magazines and wanted posters . you will have to collect these as well if you want 100% completion . a guide to all the collectibles can be found here .
from my experience , if a character damages a monster , he will gain full amount of experience when that monster is killed ( e . g . 90xp for skeleton ) , but if he is not involved in killing monster , he will gain half of experience ( e . g . 45xp for skeleton ) . dead characters gain no experience . for monster groups , each monster kill is counted as killing single monster . and that is probably what makes your party having different xp : there are more groups in lower levels . since most of ( or even all ) spells affect all monsters in group , your mage started gaining full xp from all monsters . when fighting group of monsters , fighters will first hit monsters in front of them ( left fighter will hit left monster ) and then hit monsters at the other side ( left fighter will hit right monster if left monster is dead ) and when first row is finished they will get to the back row . i presume you are using rogue for ranged attack , and in that case he will only hit monsters in front of him ( if rogue is to the left , he will , in most cases , hit only left monsters , and when they die he will just miss right side monsters ) . edit : and as henryhey said , they all get xp for finding secrets .
i primarily play conquest , and played damavand peak several times over the weekend . try using the server browser under the multiplayer menu to find a game that meets your map and game type preferences versus " quick match " below is a screen capture from battlelog . battlefield . com
as mr . smooth stated , there are no spells available to unlock chests or doors . the tower stone effect does allow you to unlock one expert level ( or lower ) lock per day .
as you are new to fifa , the best advice regarding skill moves is : dont do it ( yet ) . the effective use of skill moves is pretty hard to master and randomly executing them will lead to loss of the ball in 90% of the cases . having said that , here are some tips : start getting used to dribbling without the special moves . in fifa 12 , manual dribbling ( also called ' precision dribbling' ) has become far more effective and done correctly it can oftentimes get you past a sloppy defender and into a good shooting position . just use the left analog stick without sprinting and try to curve your way through the defense in the right moment . try to anticipate the defenders move and get him on the wrong foot . you can slow down your pace further for more precision by holding l1 . when you are trying to outrun a defender , bump the right analog stick into the direction you are running . your player will push the ball further in front of him , allowing you to run faster . practice single skill moves in the arena , not only against the gk but against actual defenders . you can create game situations by pressing select in the arena . you can view the skill moves list when you are in the main menu by clicking customize fifa -> settings -> controls -> button help -> skill moves skill moves i found most useful when the defender is in front of you are heel chop and roulette . i am far from being an expert on skill moves , but for new players this should help get you started . effective use takes a lot of practice and while looking cool , for the casual player the amount of time it takes to master them is not justified by the edge you gain . but if you want to become a really good fifa player and be competitive online i guess you have to learn them sooner or later .
upcoming changes seems like riot has targeted flat runes as being a source of balance issues . be on the lookout for more flat rune nerfs and scaling rune buffs because if they are significant enough ( say , scaling outvalues flat at level 6 instead of 13 ) then the flat runes have far less value than the scaling . here 's a peek at the upcoming changes . general advice in short , go with flat runes if you will have a significantly stronger laning presence because of them . although scaling runes outpace flat runes around level 13 ( sometimes even earlier ) , the strong early game presence provided by flat runes can out-value the late game presence provided by scaling runes . to answer your questions more directly : certain champions that have high stat scaling or activated abilities use flat runes to significantly empower them early game . some examples : champions with near 1:1 ability power to damage ratios on their abilities ( sion , amumu , etc . ) can turn an early game 50 ability power directly into 50 damage , which is scary for early levels when you have from 400-600 health as a squishy champions . you will have to be weary of taking damage from them as this will badly hurt your early game . crit builds , mostly crit gangplank , rely on flat critical strike chance or damage early game to win the lane through big critical strikes when harassing . anyone who is had the unfortunate experience of being killed by a huge crit during a low-level duel knows how strong this can be , albeit very luck based . edit : this has since been changed but i am saying it for historical reasons : akali 's twin disciples passive used to provide 10% spell vamp and 10% bonus magic damage when she has a bonus of 10 attack damage and 20 ability power , respectively . having this at level 1 or 2 is very appealing , and this is what pro akali players tend to do , including the top akali westrice . you should never buy less than tier 3 runes . tier 1 and 2 runes provide small bonuses and may be responsible for at most 3-5 of your low level wins , but once you hit level 20 you will be glad you saved your hard earned ip for tier 3 runes . runes cannot be bought with rp so you will be forced to grind for them , which i have been doing for the last 200 games and i am still not finished . you will still win plenty of games without a rune page before level 20 , speaking from personal experience . there is always a certain level at which scaling runes outpace flat runes . that level is usually around 13 , but as stated in this answer some outpace at level 6 . almost all of the time you need to measure the utility you get out of your runes by yourself , because their value is largely based on your skill and style . the exceptions i know are that flat armor , flat magic resist , flat attack damage , and flat ability power quintessences are are far more valuable than scaling because of how important those stats are early game . early game farming and presence is very important , which you will learn with time and i will not cover here . flat mana regen runes can also help early game sustain . referring to playstyle : in terms of offense , flat runes are really worth it if you can use them to force enemy champions out of their lane and zone them early game . for example , if those flat runes get you three waves of creeps and 1 more kill than your opponent , you have a ~800 gold advantage that more than makes up for the stats lost by taking flat runes over scaling . this is most commonly done by killing your lane opponent and pushing the lane to their tower . in terms of defense , i always use flat runes to counteract the power of others . if your opponent happens to use a strong combo of flat runes on a champion in most cases you will be crushed in lane ( read my answer to #1 ) . by starting with flat runes like armor yellows and magic resist blues i get a great +13 armor and +13 magic resist . health quintessences are also decent . they mean you can basically ignore enemy champion harassment for the first 5 levels and farm as you please . there is nothing more discouraging to your enemies when they can not force you out of lane after trying their hardest . dominion i have racked up a lot of dominion games and came out deciding that my advice on flat runes still applies to dominion , if not more than in classic gameplay . this sounds odd given champion level increases so quickly in dominion , meaning scaling runes reach their potential faster . however , scaling are only viable if you can farm properly and prevent your opponent from killing you . in dominion , there is no consistent farming and you have to fight ! if you are staying in lane farming you are likely going to fall behind everyone else who is focusing on getting kills and capturing points . so you can not reasonably expect to avoid fights and just farm . you are going to be fighting opponents with all-in flat rune strategies , and with scaling you are likely going to be losing . in particular the initial fight for the windmill happens at level 3 . at this level flat runes still provide more power than scaling , so they are important to have if you want to win that fight . if you do not win that fight you tend to lose the whole game - all 4 of your teammates dying at the windmill is a ~500-1400 gold advantage that the enemy team has ( depending on how many of them died ) , and with that gold difference you can have a very hard time catching up .
if i were to list all the units that fungal growth is effective against , i would end up with a list of the units in starcraft 2 . there was once even an occasion where i cast fungal growth on siege tanks ( which seems ridiculous , but was very necessary ) . instead , to try and determine how to effectively use it , let us follow the advice of hannibal lector ( quoting marcus aurelius ) : first principles , clarice . simplicity . read marcus aurelius . of each particular thing ask : what is it in itself ? what is its nature ? what does he do , this man you seek ? fungal growth has two properties to it , which you have listed , it prevents units from moving and it does damage ( 36 over 8 seconds ) . its nature then is two fold : damage and delaying damage fungal growth does 36 damage over 8 seconds ( in game seconds ) or 4.5 dps . by comparison a phoenix does 9 dps , a zealot does 13.3 , and a hellion does 3.2 ( vs non-light ) . so not a ton of damage ; but , like the hellion , it does aoe damage so that 4.5 is multiplied by the number of units you hit . hit two and you are like a phoenix ; three and you have zealot level damage ; four and you are out dpsing hydras and ultras . so the first principle of effective fungal growth is : the more units the better . obviously this means you want to target smaller units more often as they clump up better . unlike hydralisk , two infestors can not fungal growth the same unit ( well the can , but it does not overlap , it just resets the duration ) , so your principle use is going to be slightly different from a hydra ball . while you are still going to want to fungal growth his whole army during large scale engagements , this is not the time when fungal growth functions best . instead consider its long range ( 9 ? ) and how you could utilize that to get more than one cast off on a given unit . consider an advancing enemy force , and what happens as you fungal growth it and fall back : its forced to wait out the damage . while healing and repair will mitigate this some you are draining resources . thus our second principle is like voting in chicago : early and often . get fungal growths off before the main battle delaying in addition to doing damage , the other large advantage to freezing an encroaching enemy army is that it buys you time . zerg is largely a momentum race so many zerg players will opt for very macro oriented builds , choosing to invest more heavily in economy than a standing army . as a result you may not have the forces to deal with an assault when it comes . being able to delay your opponent for 8 or 16 seconds can easily be the difference between a 100 food army and a 130 food army . one of the best people to see this behavior in is liquid`tlo 's zerg style . he will frequently delay opposing armies with fungal growth while he builds a force . so the third principle of fungal growth is : more time means more units . delaying an assault is fine and all but there are time when what you need to do is delay a retreat . whether its marines retreating from banelings , drop ships running from hydras , or maybe just an enemy force looking to run from a losing battle , being able to stop a retreat is almost always a good thing . usually , if your opponent is smart , he is retreating for a reason , and cutting off that retreat is letting you exploit that reason . so our fourth principle of fungal growth is do not let them get away . tl ; dr so let 's sum up about the uses of fungal growth : the more units the better early and often more time means more units do not let them get away whether you are getting infestors as your core tier 2 unit , or your just using them to supplement your current army , i think you will find that these four principle will really help you be more effective . the issue of range came up and fungal growth does indeed have range 9 . you can verify this in the galaxy editor , but i have also supplied a picture as proof : i used a viking ( range 9 ) as a ruler .
yes , city defenses heal over time . if you bombard a city and lower its defense , and then leave it alone for a while , the damage will be repaired as turns pass . base city defense is a factor of the city 's culture . ( see " how do i increase my city 's defense " in this civ4 faq ) if you increase the base city defense with things like city walls , then the maximum amount of city defense increases . if you bombard the city enough , the defensive bonus from city buildings/wonders will be lost , but the building/wonder will not be destroyed . eventually , the city will heal its defenses back to the maximum . the defensive bonus for the city is calculated as follows : for each culture level the city has , gain 20% up to a max of 100% if walls/castle are present , and the normal maximum defense is less than the amount this improvement specifies , replace it with the defensive bonus for the improvement , so long as a pre-gunpowder unit is selected . if chichen itza is in effect , add 25% to the city defense percentage i tested this by rushing gunpowder and building walls in a city that normally would have 40% city defense ( ie , culture level 2 ) , then gifting the city to an enemy player and declaring war . i could toggle between highlighting my longbowmen and my musketmen , and the defensive bonus would be 50% when the longbowmen were selected , and 40% when the musketmen were selected . i believe the applied defensive bonus for units in a city is the combination of the current city defense rating , plus the defensive rating from the tile , plus any modifiers that the unit has ( ie , a defensive unit with the city garrison ability ) . even if you take the city defenses out of the equation , you will still have to contend with those other bonuses . i believe spies can influence this as well , although it is been a while and i can not recall what was in the base game versus what was added in the expansions .
do not give up -- just keep practicing ! you should get an auto-save just prior to or just after activating the third part of the prophecy . if you have managed to get all your stalkers up until that point , you can continually reload from there until you succeed . other tips : just keep running . do not stop to fight , kill nydus worms , etc , anything . your first blink should be into the lowground " pit " with the zerg defenses . stun one with zeratul and then just charge up the ramp -- you had take more damage going the long way around . blink over rocks when you can , but when you get to the set of two rocks , blink in between and destroy the second pair ( the zerg will have to stop to destroy the first set ) when in doubt , blink ! edit : i just completed the mission again today , and can emphatically restate that you do not want to take the suggested route ( delimited by the arrows on the minimap ) but cut straight through the little zerg base in the pit . just keep running , and you should be able to escape handily ( just be careful about where your units are before you blink -- i wound up only saving 5 of the 6 stalkers because one poor fellow misjudged the blink distance and wound up having to go the long way around . : ( )
i remember using this mod some time ago and it worked . can not recall how much of a hassle it was to set up though .
when calculating spotting range , i.e. the range at which you would see a particular target , the camo rating of enemy tanks will knock a tank 's view range back down , so there is every reason to increase view range in order to maximize your spotting range . there is no set maximum view range , though the maximum effective view range that you can achieve ( at the time of writing this answer ) is 606.79m . for instance , let 's compare the spotting range of two tanks against an enemy tank with an effective camo rating of 50% . tank a has an effective view range of 445m , while tank b has an effective view range of 500m . tank a 's spotting range against the enemy tank is 247.5m . . . math : 445 - ( ( 445-50 ) *0.5 ) . tank b 's spotting range against the same enemy tank is 275m . . . math : 500 - ( ( 500-50 ) *0.5 ) . see http://wiki.wargaming.net/en/view_range_%26_camouflage_(wot) for more details .
frozen trophies can be picked just by standing next to them and picking them up ( rather than by the batclaw from afar ) . if a frozen trophy is floating on the water , you will need to throw a freeze grenade next to it and stand on the platform to pick it up . there is at least one instance where the trophy hangs above the water , in that case , you will need to drop it into the water by cutting the rope it hangs from with the batarang .
if you go to dna sequences in the animus menu it will say that memory is complete . ( like you mentioned . ) other than that , there are no rewards , not even an achievement . if you want to tidy up though , it might give you a sense of accomplishment to get ' em all .
they still seem to like to swim , so you could make some water traps - or any running water , maybe combined with a waterfall , into your pit .
in the general sense , every weapon will give the same dps at the same rough level of skill . if you are just as skilled with the dual swords as the gunlance , your dps is going to be roughly even . how much dps you do depends on quite a few factors , and if all of these are equal , so will the dps . you can see the damage formula here . it is not just raw dps you need to pay attention to , nor elemental . you need to ensure you are hitting the right area of the monster , using an element the monster is weak to , and you have to make sure you dodge , too . monsters are not just going to sit still and take it , either , so you can not just assume you can go all out and have perfect dps . in the end , dps is somewhat of a meaningless stat , as it all evens out .
there are 5 tiers of pokepuffs . the higher the tier , the more hearts they give when eaten ( exception described below ) . the colours and designs seem to be just for show however tier one : basic pokepuffs no frosting , no toppings , gives 2 hearts when eaten . gained by doing poorly in easy and normal games . feeds 1 batch of visitors . tier two : frosted pokepuffs . these have swirly frosting at the top , but no toppings , gives 3 hearts when eaten . gained by doing well in easy , average in normal , or poorly in hard . feeds 2 batches of visitors . tier three : fancy pokepuffs . these look like the tier one puffs , but have a topping , like a piece of fruit , chocolate , or a cookie stick . they give 4 hearts when eaten . gained by doing well in normal , average in hard and poorly in unlimited . feeds 3 batches of visitors . tier four : deluxe pokepuffs . these have both frosting and a topping and are worth a whole 5 hearts each . gained by doing well in hard , and average in unlimited . feeds 4 batches of visitors . tier five : supreme pokepuffs when eaten , they still only give 5 hearts ( exception ) . gained only when 5 starring unlimited modes , and only 2 at a time , on your birthday , when you defeat the elite 4 or when friends visit you on the pokemon amie screen . feeds 5 batches of visitors . sourced from gamefaqs and serebii
just create a trigger on the event ( player ) types a chat message containing ( list of strings ) this is how maps like nexus word wars or yabot accept textual input . there is no other way to accept textual input besides through the chat window .
there are no secret areas in the residential area or el macho 's lair . there is also no secret area at the beach . there are a few other special areas , though since you run straight into them i am not sure they are considered secrets . those would be the bank of evil in the downtown area and the movie theater in the mall
the day/night cycle completes every 24 minutes . by observing the clock in lynchwood , you will note that , after 12:59 on the clock , it goes to 1:00 , thus indicating that it is essentially a 12-hour in-game clock . you will also see that the day/night cycle in the sky corresponds to what we typically expect as the " hours " pass . in addition , for every second that passes out of the game , the minute ticks once on the clock . this tells us : 1 second = 1 minute in-game 1 minute = 1 hour in-game 24 minutes = 24 hours ( 1 day ) in-game
as always , the best defense is a good offense . if you can take his drone control offline , you just need to work harder to keep it offline . that might mean targeting the drone system to disrupt repairs even when there are other undamaged systems to target . you are correct that drones can come back online quickly and this is an issue . i am not sure the enemy actually has to spend drone parts to do this , though you would have to . defensively , dodge and shielding of course matter . you can not have too much of either ( well , dodge from engines experiences diminishing returns at higher levels of system improvement , so do not overdo it there ) . getting to 2 points in shields fairly early can be a very good investment , and i like to have 3 by sector 5 or so . you can destroy drones around your ship with ship weapons , however this is a coincidental thing and the drones can be brought back online with the expenditure of a drone part . if the orbiting drone happens to collide with a projectile , boom . it is very unusual ; i have only seen it once myself .
from personal experience ( which seems backed up by this thread where the developer responded ) , the repair arm heals you 1 hull point , regardless of the amount of scrap collected . from the developer via that thread as well : we did not want it to be always a positive , obvious choice . the power of constant repairs after every fight is too useful without at least a few setbacks . [ . . . ] i might sell it come sector 6 or 7 if i am doing well since that 15% starts to hurt a lot more and the extra boost to finish off the boss is helpful . the ftl wikia seems to agree with this as well : repairs your hull by 1 point every time you collect scrap [ . ]
from your description it sounds like you are most concerned with testing the contents of a hopper that is filling a minecart ( either a chest minecart or a hopper minecart ) and performing an action based on its empty or full state . this is good because it is quite easy to test , as opposed to testing the contents of the cart itself . since you mention in a comment that you are basically building off of my previous design , but adding an automatic option to send the minecart instead of pressing a button , i will show you how to modify it accordingly : after adding a hopper above the cart , add a comparator which powers a redstone torch . this will turn on when the hopper empties . this signal then powers a rising edge detector circuit that consists of a dropper feeding another hopper , which in turn feeds back into the dropper . place a single item in the dropper . a comparator tests the contents of the hopper , and a repeater feeds the signal into the powered rail . whenever the feeding hopper empties , the rail powers and sends the cart along .
since i read this answer it is possible to cheat in every game because you can modify data in the computer memory , secu preventions can mitigate the hacks but will never stops cheats , vac for example bans known exploits but if you are enough good to find a hack yourself and exploit it privately , you can hack for life without being caught yet anyway starbound is nude of any security prevention so yes it is easy to cheat and yes everywhere , plus the mods are not enough restricted , most mods outta there are just shebangs cheat machines pvp is just about hitting turning on /pvp softcore , hardcore , permadeath plays on the same server actually there is bugs and you can be killed without even being in pvp mode /pvp , trolls uses grenade launchers etc . . etc . . what to say , else , alpha game ^^ on sb forum i can say that being this game in alpha softcore , hardcore and perma players are on the same server . pvp is just a flag on/off for every server but players could exploit bugs for trolling others in any case . so beware the internet !
solved - user error i realised last night that this was down to me not clicking apply after making my changes and pressing " esc " . in my defence esc does exit other screens in the game without abandoning changes so it might be useful to include a warning if there are unsaved changes on the keybinding change but i will suggest this on the dev forum .
fof missiles have been rather safe to use for years now . back in revelation ii , they were changed from attacking the closest object/target/ship/anything in space to only attacking mission rats and large collidable objects in high-sec , and any ships and large collidable objects in low- and null-sec . what is dangerous about them is that they have a penance to choose large collidable objects instead of players or rats , making them a massive wastage factor along with their diminutive ability to reduce the mission rats ' combined dps on your ship . a general rule of thumb regarding fof-missiles : recycle them .
the skill bristleback is pretty straightforward . at any given time : if you are facing the source ( understand the hero ) of the damage : you do not get reduced damage if you are not facing the source of the damage : you get reduced damage . it is not the projectile or the animation of the skill that matters but the position of the enemy hero and your position toward him . if zeus casts thundergod 's wrath at the other side of the map but you are not looking in his direction , you get reduced damage . as for damage over time , the same rule applies but separately for every ticks of damage . if you decide to man up and fight the venomancer after he casted poison nova but realise you are undergoing way too much damage , you can litteraly turn your back on that fight in order to reduce the amount of damage taken from the dot .
well , they neither do improve your assist nor they are just for fun . completing marksman challenges only unlock weapon attachments , which might offer new tactical alternatives , depending on your playstyle . there are bugs in the game where equipping a visor attachment ( holographic , acog ) actually will increase accuracy slightly whem aiming down sights on some guns ( will not go into detail ) , but that is a different question . completing other challenges have various effects , namely they upgrade your perks from basic to pro .
it is not possible to tell accurately how much a service will make . a train makes money by delivering cargo , so the amount of money it makes in a given period of time depends on : how much it drops off ( only constant if you use full load orders ) how frequently it arrives ( variable due to waiting for cargo at station , and breakdowns along the path ) how far it travels ( constant ) the cargo it carries ( constant , unless you are doing some weird refitting stuff mid journey ) how long it takes for each journey ( variable due to breakdowns , loading , traffic , etc . ) more information on how it is calculated : http://wiki.openttd.org/cargo_income to make money initially , i find a coal train from a coal mine to a power plant about a screen and a half away with 3 or 5 carriages is nearly always profitable .
you can get a mighty blow when you use a channeled skill , but only if you kill enough monsters fast enough . the fact that you use a channeled skill to kill enough monsters does not qualify for mighty blow unless you kill them quickly enough . i am pretty sure that , in general , mighty blow does not care at all on how you got the kills - from a single channeled skill , from an aoe attack , from a combination of mines and 2 different skills - it only cares about 6+ kills in a short enough timespan ( about a second ) . so whether a skill is channeled or not has no impact here . but either way i was able to 100% verify that mighty blow is obtainable from channeled skills , but only when you kill the monsters quickly enough .
you can make the decision when you leave the starting planet . you also need to be at level 10 , you may not be level 10 at when you reach this point so you will need to go back if you leave that area . to leave the starting planet/area you need to complete all the story quests .
i have found a website with statistics that look promising . op . gg seems to track all the players of every region .
these items can be given to members of the tiller faction , in exchange for friendship . you do not gain reputation with the tiller faction itself , but each member of the tillers has a friendship level : each item you can pick up will give you reputation , but you can get additional reputation by giving the item to the named person in the description of each item as follows ; blue feather - old hillpaw or chee chee jade cat - fish fellreed or ella lovely apple - sho or jogu the drunk marsh lilly - farmer fung or gina mudclaw ruby shard - tina mudclaw or haohan mudclaw by giving the item to the person named in the description , you will gain 900 reputation with that individual , if you give an item to a person not named in the description you will receive 540 reputation with that person . each person has additional quests for you once you reach certain levels of friendship with them and will give you a vanity item for your farm once you become best friends with them .
taken from minecraft wiki armor like tools and weapons contain a durability . it represents the number of useful actions an item can perform and depletes upon item use . for tools and weapons , item durability represents the number of available uses before the tool is destroyed . for armor , it represents the amount of damage that can be absorbed before the armor is destroyed . the remaining durability of any item can be seen by looking at the item 's durability bar on the bottom of the item icon in the inventory and action bar . an item that has not once been used will not display a durability bar . as the item 's durability decreases , the bar shortens right to left , changing color from green to red . when the item has only small number of uses left the durability bar is an empty gray line . armor durability armor durability is based on the armor 's type ( head , torso , legs , feet ) and material ( leather , gold , iron , diamond ) . any time you take damage , each piece of armor you are wearing loses one point of durability . armor durability only decreases when its wearer takes damage that the armor is capable of reducing . this includes : direct attacks from mobs and other players getting hit with an arrow , snowball or fireball ( either ghast or blaze ) touching a block of fire , lava , or cactus explosions the following types of damage are not reduced by ordinary armor and have no effect on the armor 's durability . some enchantments can protect against them , but they still do not damage the armor . ongoing damage from being on fire suffocating inside a block drowning in water starvation fall damage falling into the void poisoning e.g. from a cave spider bite or a potion of poison instant damage from a potion of harming values represent the number of points of durability damage this armor must take before it is destroyed . note that every time the player takes damage that armor is capable of reducing ( see above ) , it counts as one point of durability damage for every worn armor piece . armor with the thorns enchantment automatically loses another point of durability , and two more ( for a total of four ) if it reflects damage to the attacker .
that is the the number of innocent people left that the mine crawler has not killed yet . from the manual on page 7: q : i keep seeing these random messages on the screen , like " au revoir , paris " . what do they mean ? a : if you look at the meter in the lower right corner of the screen , there is a green band surrounding it . at its fullest , it indicates the number of people alive near the city-mine crawler . as the bar decreases in size , that indicates that more and more innocent people are dying . when the bar is depleted , a major city has been destroyed by an alien city because you took so long . way to go . . the manual is unclear as to what , if any , effect this has on gameplay .
according to http://www.lurkerlounge.com/spirea/hirelings/stats.shtml, the inherent attack rating ( ar ) of act 1 mercenary is quite low : 796 on level 80 . combined with the fact that the monsters in hell difficulty have defense rating ( dr ) on the order of 1500 and the chance to hit formula ( assuming equal levels of attacker and defender ) : toHit = AR / (AR + DR) , this makes her base chance to hit very low : 796 / ( 1500 + 796 ) = 0.35 . if we add 1000 to her ar , we will get the chance to hit of 1796 / ( 1500 + 1796 ) = 0.54 , which is 1.57 times higher ! so , if there were no other factors , i would keep the ar bow even if it had 1.5 times less damage . note that other factors affecting the ar and defense include inner sight and fire arrow . another thing to keep in mind is that the poison damage does not stack . if you have a weapon dealing 100 poison damage over 3 seconds and you hit once per second , the damage poison deals between hits will be mere 33.3 , and then , when another hit lands , the old poison will be replaced with a new one , not added to it . on the other hand , poison stops the natural monster regeneration , which may be a big deal for really tough monsters .
i finally found the solution for this today after much frustration . if you attacked windhelm with the imperials and killed ulfric , but left before tullius could leave the room and give his speech then the thieves guild quests for windhelm will be bugged . simply go back into the palace , let tullius and rikke leave , listen to the speech and talk to them , and then go talk to delvin and vex , and this fixes the bug .
you can only pay tabs for people who are in your party . once either you or they leave , you stop paying their tab . " elevators " is self-explanatory . " all " includes elevators , but also includes deactivated mecha-knights , laser cannons , and energy gates , all of which can be activated with energy .
a minion that is in stealth and given taunt by another card will not act as a taunt until it comes out of stealth . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/stealth
there is one room in particular that provides what you are looking for . you do not need to copy npc dialog , though part of the fun is copying the other wall-writings for later consideration . so there is no single intended method ( i imagine most people will look online ) your method could work , though it sounds frustrating . want a hint for that room 's location ? it is off of the waterfall room . want an even bigger hint ? a pillar in the room links the code to an english pangram ( sentence containing every letter of the alphabet ) . and to give it away : in the tree room above the waterfall , a fox jumps over a dog next to this pillar , which reads all the way around : " the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog . " ( image )
no . once you consume all the charges of a charged item , the magical energy is gone for good . you might still want to hold onto the base item if it is useful . for example , the flame blade in the halls of fire on level 6 is a perfectly good longsword once its charges are depleted . i have found a couple of items in grimrock that are permanently " charged " with some kind of magical/elemental energy , but they are usually very challenging to get , and they can not release a spell on command . for instance , the dismantler sword in the vault occasionally deals shock damage when you wield it . i have not found any items that are both permanently charged and can release energy on command like the limited-charge items do .
although there are other answers about upgrades , i could advise about mercenaries . from my perspective the most valuable are siege tanks and battle cruiser . i would save money from hiring other stuff . they are not much better and die relatively quickly . and in short : is it possible to get all upgrades ? if in one campaign - short answer " no " . but if you ok to bother with earning moneys via passing same missions 5-10 times just to get research points to be converted into money - you could try . although i do not see any value in that . edit : sorry . to be honest i must to say i did not try to earn more research points . but i read that it will works only after getting 25 zerg/protoss points . only after that time you could try to earn more . but i would suggest to play in usual way ( probably on casual level ) to pass 10-15 missions and to get 1m credits . made a save and after that do 1 upgrade line - get achievement , reload . do another upgrades line . . .
this video tutorial i made ( with co-conspirator kaliard ) demonstrates how to make a safe , easy-to-make , and stylish " trash can " incinerator using a chest , a hopper , and a dropper ( those last two new in minecraft 1.5 ) in a vertical stack , with a redstone clock to activate the dropper . the hopper pulls any items you put into the chest and puts them into the dropper , which ejects the items into a pool of lava in front of it when you throw the switch . the benefits of this design are safety for you , your pets , and especially your items . there is no worry about accidentally hitting the " throw " key while holding your enchanted pick , as with open-pit designs . because the redstone clock can be turned on and off with a switch , you can load up the trash can and be sure that , when you flip the switch , only the items that you intend to incinerate will be destroyed .
the drive is separate from your account , and the ps3 backup is not reliant on ps+ subscription . you do not lose anything owned by your account by deleting it from your ps3 . if your backup fails , try deleting unnecessary files like game install data ( under game data utility on the game category on the xmb ) , i had a problem when install data for one game was corrupted and this may fail a backup . when all else fails , backup all of your saves to the cloud backup then replace your old drive with the new drive and restore all the saves to it . you will need to redownload all of the full games , demos , game patches , dlc and reinstall disc based games in order to play them again , though , and you will lose the current themes on your system and all the non-game media ( movies , pictures , music ) .
no your mmr does not drop and it will also not decay from inactivity . really the only things that affect your mmr are winning and losing . up until last season queue dodging was used to " troll " the league system by playing into a promotion and then winning one game while dodging the other one . with this trick players were able to reach diamond mmr while being placed in a bronze league . basically , if you dodge you will lose lp but you will gain slightly more lp next game .
i was wondering if you could play rock band on no fail and just blast out songs karaoke-style yes , but only in rock band 3 . this is called " all instruments mode " ( aim ) and can be enabled in the per-user overshell settings . that is the menu at the bottom of the screen for each player . ( look ma , no vocalist ! keys/drums/guitar/bass ) in aim , there is no vocalist player with a controller , it is basically karaoke mode . full easy harmony vocals are always on and scrolling across the top of the screen . any connected microphone , up to 3 , can sing any part of the song -- or not -- at any time . it is completely optional but always on for walk-ups . there is no vocalist scoring in this mode though , so all you can do is get streaks and see how you do on each vocal segment . that also means you can either sing lead ( blue line ) , harmony #1 ( orange line ) , or harmony #2 ( red line ) from any microphone .
alright , i have done some further digging , and these are the differences i have found : uses air when spinning underwater has less traction , so he slides and skids jumps farther and higher ; runs faster ( perhaps related to the above ) knocked back slightly farther when hit , which equates to a longer post-hit stun the cosmic luigi challenge runs take advantage of luigi 's physics , which may mean separate routes than cosmic mario in addition to the above , some galaxies have slightly altered levels , such as the " luigi meets luigi " star in toytime galaxy , which changes from the 8-bit mario planet to the backside , which features an 8-bit luigi ( with the change in colors coming from a change in the platform " pixels" ) mario gets 1-ups from princess peach 's letters , but luigi gets 20 1-ups instead ( it still says " dear mario " poor guy can not catch a break )
typically , i find cross platform games have better performance on the windows version as opposed to the mac versions . if you look at what blizzard 's recommended specification s are : pc recommended specifications : dual core 2.4ghz processor 2 gb ram 512 mb nvidia geforce 8800 gtx or ati radeon hd 3870 or better mac recommended specifications : intel core 2 duo processor 4 gb system ram nvidia geforce 9600m gt or ati radeon hd 4670 or better pcs require less powerful components than macs do . from this , i would assume starcraft 2 runs better on windows than on mac .
vanilla means a version of minecraft without mods . mods are modified . jar files that often change how you play . unless you installed a mod , you have this version of minecraft right now . ftb refers to " feed the beast , " and is a collection of popular mods . there is some debate over whether 3rd party minecraft-external programs counts as " vanilla " ( such as mcedit ) , but generally it is decided that it does still count as vanilla .
the best answers for optimal plays can usually be found in the elitist jerks forums , because they do a lot of testing and maths to confirm their recommendations . on dot refreshing , they say : compared to wlk , our dot 's are far stronger now . you want to do your best to maintain very high uptime on both of them . typically , the only time you will hold up recasting of a dot is if it falls off and the corresponding eclipse is coming up very soon--you will wait one or two casts and refresh at the beginning of eclipse . if both dot 's are coming up at around the same time when you start eclipse , remember that nature 's grace will only affect the second one , so you want to remember to use insect swarm first ( because moonfire/sunfire is stronger than is under either eclipse ) . cataclysm changed the way dot refreshing works--when you refresh a currently ticking dot , you no longer waste a partial tick . significantly , if you refresh a dot when it has only one tick remaining , there is no loss at all . this means the optimal time to refresh a dot is during its last tick , thereby maintaining true 100% uptime . failing that , refresh at the same time you do now , as soon at it falls off . note : since moonfire and sunfire are two different debuffs , we can not benefit from the new dot system when replacing one with the other . in that case you should wait for the old moonfire/sunfire to fall off . dot ticks use your spellpower , haste , and +% damage ( e . g . eclipse ) values from the moment the dot was cast--they do not update in real time until the next time you cast the dot . crit chance of the ticks , on the other hand , does change dynamically if you gain or lose crit buffs while the dot is ticking . because the entire dot is effected by your stats at the moment of cast , there can be detailed decisionmaking in when to apply them--see " advanced points " below for more . from http://elitistjerks.com/f73/t110353-balance_cataclysm_4_3_dragon_soul/#dot_refreshing
ancestral spirit will basically play the card again , without battlecry . if you ancestral a sunwalker , then yes , it revives with taunt and divine shield . if you ancestral a leeroy , it'll revive with charge without giving your opponent whelps . this means any buffs or debuffs ( like a sun cleric buff ) will no longer apply . ( obviously , positional / battlefield buffs like dire wolf alpha or stormwind champion still will . ) one minor thing to note that it is possible to ancestral an enemy minion ; that minion will revive on their side . this also happens if your opponent uses shadow madness , mind control , or cabal shadow priest on a minion on your side affected by ancestral spirit .
this does mean that you are not eligible for the Ghost experience bonus . it does not mean that you are not eligible for the Foxiest of the Hounds achievement . foxiest of the hounds refers to if a guard runs up to an alarm panel and activates it , or a camera sets off an alarm , not the " alarmed " state that guards can go into . also , you already lost the " ghost " bonus because someone spotted a body . edit : alarmed occurs whenever a guard sees ( or hears ) something out of the ordinary . for example , a door open , a dead body , a hole in the wall that you punched out etc . this state varies . this state will disqualify you from receiving ghost if someone spotted you or a body or something similar . this state will not disqualify you from receiving ghost if someone spots a door opening , a hole in the wall or something similar . ( at least i think this is how it works , i have received and not received ghost in these ways , but i am not 100% sure if this is exactly how it works ) suspicious occurs whenever you are spotted by a camera or after guards have been hostile for a while and you have remained hidden for a while , they will revert back to alarmed , and then suspicious . this state will not disqualify you from getting ghost . hostile means that they are actively searching for your last seen location and occurs only if you have been spotted by a camera ( for long enough ) a robot or a guard . this state will disqualify you from getting ghost .
science in kerbal space program knows five corridors : on the ground lower atmosphere upper atmosphere near space outer space note that only sub-orbital flights will be considered atmospherical , even if the altitude is inside the given corridor - aerobraking is considered " near space " even if below the threshold . that said , the threshold depends on the body : on kerbin ( left ) , anything below ~18km of altitude will be considered flying over ( that is , lower atmosphere ) . outer space on kerbin starts at ~250km . the shift from upper atmosphere to near space is the edge of kerbin 's atmosphere ( ~69km ) , and ( as detailed above ) may depend on the trajectory . on the mun ( middle ) , there is obviously no atmosphere . here , the outer space to near space transition is at ~60km . and , for good measure , the same as for the mun also applies for minmus ( right ) , but here the threshold is at ~30km .
according to the terraria wikia , wyverns spawn above 800 feet above ground in all biomes except hallow , where they spawn at just 300 feet .
it turns out that houses can be built with retractable floors . my npcs need to prepare for some adventure . any furniture will need to be on a platform above the floor or it will have to be replaced every time the floor is activated .
assuming you are building down : build a down stairway on the first level from the designate ( d ) menu . build up-down stairways on the levels before the bottom from the designate ( d ) menu . if you have a defined " bottom " level , build an up stairway on that level from the designate ( d ) menu . you will need to switch your view 's " z-level " to build the levels . you switch " z-levels " by using &lt ; to go down a " z-level " , and &gt ; to go up .
i did some testing on this , and i am convinced that the wiki is currently incorrect here ( it says 999 monster kills ) . in my experience ( in normal ) counting monsters , it took ~ 5 white monster kills to reach an additional percentage . i also tried counting in torment , and it seemed to be the same . i did some additional data gathering counting the kills to reach 10% progress . it was difficult to get groups that were easy to count , and i avoided recording data for groups with the illusionist affix , as well as enemies that continually spawn other enemies . if i was unsure in my counting , i would throw out the group of 10% , and kill whites until i reached the next 10% . still , it is very difficult to count exactly how many enemies you are killing . this meant that i only got 2-3 data points per run . here 's my data : 36 white 7 elite 32 white 9 elite 41 white 3 elite 38 white 4 elite 34 white 8 elite 37 white 7 elite 36 white 8 elite 52 white 44 white 3 elite 35 white 7 elite while this is not a lot of data ( and i did not distinguish between champions , minions or rares ) , we can make a couple of conclusions . elites do count as more than one kill . using 52 kills ( per 10% ) as a baseline , an elite on average gives 2.58 kills . it takes ~50 kills per 10% . this would put the total monsters slain to complete a rift at 500 . counting monsters as you go is not a fun or efficient way to run a rift :- )
this list does not take in account every legacy items such as the star of azkaranth which could in the pre 2.0 patch roll ( 3-5% vs elites ) but no longer does ( legacy one vs ros one ) bonus vs elite black bone arrows ( quiver : 5-8% ) archfiend arrows ( quiver : 4-7% ) hellcat waistguard ( belt : 3-5% ) halcyons ascent ( amulet : 10-15% ) stone of jordan ( ring : 25-30% ) unity ( ring : 12-15% ) blood magic blade ( 1 hand blade : 4-7% ) sun keeper ( 1 hand mace : 15-30% ) empyrean messenger ( 1 hand spear : 5-8% ) venomhusk ( bow : 8-9% ) sydryu crust ( bow 9-10% ) ruinstoke ( wand : 4-7% ) aughild 's set ( bonus 3 : 15% ) blackthorne 's set ( bonus 2 : 10% ) socketin a weapon with a diamond ( 2-20% depending on the diamond quality ) bonus vs other types tyrael 's might ( chest : 10-20% damage to demons ) pig sticker ( 1 hand dagger : 15-30% damage to beasts and 15-30% damage to humans ) monster hunter ( 1 hand sword : 5-6% damage to beasts ) sever ( 1 hand sword : 5-10% damage to demons )
the main difference between normal and vintage items is that vintage items are all the items people obtained before the mann-conomy update . they can no longer be acquired in any way except trade . this makes them very rare . you can recognise them by their blue name only , since people could also just rename their items vintage . also , as pointed out in the comments , the " vintage tyrolean " and the " vintage merryweather " are renamed to " vintage vintage tyrolean " and " vintage vintage merryweather " respectively . see the mann-conomy faq : q : why have all my items switched to " vintage " items ? a : some items that used to be rare will become more common when they are available for purchase . we wanted to give players this option , but still recognize people who obtained those items the old-fashioned way in the past . so we decided to perform a one-time conversion of all the old items into " vintage " versions , which will never be attainable in the future . this way , those older rare items remain rare ( in fact , they are even rarer , because they are limited editions now ) . basically , valve decided that making items available for money devalued the items , since it is less impressive to buy an item then it is to craft/find it . therefore they converted every existing item in people 's inventories to vintage items . since you can no longer create them ( only the items converted at the update become them ) vintage items are very rare , which gives them a higher value in trade . otherwise they are identical . additionally , a couple items are excluded , such as badges , promotional items ( eg . bill 's hat ) and holiday items ( eg . ghastly gibus ) . funnily enough , the vintage item 's rarity will increase over time , as people use them up in crafting . see also : the quality article on the team fortress wiki .
if you log onto battle .net, go to your " home " page by clicking the little house button . as you can see there , is a button which says " import friends " next to the facebook icon . select this , and enter in your facebook credentials . if the broadcast has expired , select your friends : click " add friends": select " add facebook friends . "
no , there is no limit to how many items can be in a chunk , nor in a pipe . i have piped a rotary macerator at full speed into a cobblestone pipe , and it handles them fine . the limitations of pipes are designed entirely around transport speed , not contents capacity . minecraft 's limitations on items are not designed into the game mechanics  rather , too many items will simply overload memory and slow your server to a crawl . since you have a long pipeline , you are likely having parts of it unload when there are no players around that section . when this happens , the items can drop out of the last section of loaded pipes since they are not " connected " to anything . you are probably seeing this more with all the quarries running simply because more items mean more chances to have part of a pipe that should be receiving items be unloaded at any given time . the easiest way to get around this is to make sure the chunks that have pipes running through them are always loaded by using world anchors , anchor carts , or another block that designates a chunk to stay loaded even with no players around . ( as an alternative to buildcraft pipes you could also use redpower2 pneumatic tubes . these will not transport items through unloaded chunks , but they have a more favourable failure mode : when a pipe can not deliver , items just rebound and get " backed up " in the tubes until there is somewhere for them to go . this would lower your throughput compared to a proper anchor solution though , and would require rebuilding your item transport system over the entire long distance . )
no , they do not affect runes or gems . so sayeth the arreat summit : what exactly are " magic items " magic items in this definition include magic items , set items , unique items and rare items .
the only way to know how much damage the weapon will do , is by equipping it . you will be able to see the damage range of the weapon on the stats that appears in your inventory . you should be able to see twice damage range , from memory : - the first one is for the punch slot - the second one is for the kick slot the screenshot that follows is from the original fallout games , but it is basically the same : inventory screenshot you can also see how much your armor protect you against the different kind of damage in the same screen
the mousetrap maibock is not purchased ; you get it by tapping on a mouse .
the typical team composition is : two players in the long lane ( left or right ) , with an adc ( all damage carry ; physical ranged ) and a support ( typically building tank , hand of the gods , and warding ; often rotating for mid-camps ) . mid lane a mage . solo lane ( short side lane ) with a solo-capable god ; often a bruiser . one player as a jungler . in lower level play a jungler is not always present . in higher ( mid to high ) level play a jungler is present because it distributes xp and gold better between teammates ( the additional gold and xp from the jungle as well as the solo laner not having to split with another player in lane ) . the typical players distribution at the start of a game depends on whether the long lane is left or right . if the long lane is left , the duo goes for their sides blue buff , while the other three players go for the right mid-harpies . the mid player then goes for mid , while the jungler and solo laner go for red and blue buff , then into the solo lane . the jungler takes the red , the solo the blue buff . if the long lane is right , the jungler helps left solo to get his blue buff . the other three players take the right mid-harpies , mid goes mid afterwards , and duo takes their sides blue - which the adc takes . at around 1:40 the support may rotate to the mid-harpies to catch them at 2:00 with his hog . the jungler ( may ) initially helps out the solo laner ( otherwise he could get pushed back hard two on one by the enemy jungler supporting his solo ) . the jungler mainly clears his jungle , and ganks whoever seems gank-able by over-extension or vulnerable god - situational anyway .
he could try with the excellent software synergy . it works very well between different computers and even different operating systems , sharing the same mouse and keyboard across all screens . i would not know if it is useful for full-screen games but he could try . edit : engadget wrote an excellent tutorial in http://engadget.com/2005/08/09/how-to-share-your-keyboard-and-mouse-in-realtime-with-synergy/
yes , he can either bring his profile with him on a memory card or usb stick ( assuming you both have updated your consoles ) . i do this regularly when going to a friends house . he could also recover his account onto your xbox , but that is a bit more of a hassle . achievements and other online stats are synced in either case ( as long as you are connected to the internet ) , but saved game files will not be transferred if he recovers his account ( or if he does not bring them on his memory card/usb stick ) .
this is undoubtedly a video card issue . i had something similar , only it was displaying just green gobbledygook . your only recourse is to call up microsoft and hope it is under warranty -- or replace it . sorry .
what you are referring to is sometimes called " drop shooting " or " dolphin diving " ( the later one has some forward motion ) . people do this because : 1 ) shooters typically work like this - you go into crouching or prone position and your aiming reticule gets smaller , therefore you can shoot more accurate . 2 ) you yourself offer a smaller target . while true that you expose your head , you are still very small and hard to hit . 3 ) quickly dive into cover . some games try to remedy this " phenomenon " by applying some penalties , like not being able to shoot while the " going prone " animation rolls ( battlefield 3 ) , jumping very dramatically without the ability to shoot ( black ops , other ones might as well , but do not know ) , or simply do not support prone ( battlefield bad company 2 ) . edit : reading your comment - i do not know if someone has actually made something like that , but here are some youtube videos . might contain something satisfying for you
the nes titles run just fine . there are no worries there . the n64 titles run mostly fine . sometimes they slow down and " lag " a bit . get a bit choppy , but run surprisingly well for being emulated on the console that is next gen to it . played all the way through ocarina of time with no problems . played all the way through majora 's mask with only 1 freeze . both were choppy in parts , but overall very playable experience for me .
the wii has had access to the rock band store since the release of rock band 2 . your wii needs to be connected to the internet , and you need regular wii points in order to purchase the songs . the usual price is 200 points per song , but there are some priced at 100 points . also , due to the lack of a hard drive , you will want a good sized sd card in the wii in order to store the songs . i have a 2gb in mine , but that is because rock band 2 does not support a larger card , even though the wii does . my guess is that rock band 3 will support larger sd cards .
there are only two ways to exchange items with another player in diablo iii . if you are physically in a game with another player , you can drop an item on the ground , and they can pick it up . you can list something on the auction house . you cannot purchase items with anything other than gold or real money . ( no item for item trades ) ( personal use only ) if you store something in your stash , your other characters can take items from it . so for now , there is no real way to trade items ( in a way protected from potential scams ) .
i do not believe this is currently possible with respect to controlling each piston in a completely independent manner from all the other pistons . it is possible to isolate the inputs to each piston such that they can be independently extended , but the problem arises when you want to independently retract them . here is the key point from the " bugs " section of the minecraft wiki for pistons : if two extended pistons are one above the other , the lower one cannot retract until the upper one retracts ( video explanation ) . if the top one will start extending while bottom one is still retracting , the last will start extending as well . the only possible solution i can think of would be to retract all higher pistons whenever a given piston needs to retract , then return them to their previous state ( if they were extended ) after a brief delay . this is the only way to ensure that a given piston can retract , but would require more complicated redstone circuitry . it would also mean that the pistons are not acting in a completely independent fashion , since changes to lower pistons would transiently affect the states of higher pistons . to illustrate proof of concept for this solution ( transiently resetting all higher pistons to their retracted state ) i built a simple 2-piston stack : the lever on the left controls the lower piston , and the lever on the right controls the upper piston . here 's a view from the top showing how it is all wired up in back : the left lever drives the lower piston directly , but the right lever drives another piston that opens and closes a circuit delivering power to the upper piston ( basically , an and gate ) . the " power " in this case comes from two or -ed signals : one is the left lever signal passed through a repeater with a 1-tick delay ( coming from the left in the image ) and the other is the left lever signal inverted then passed through a repeater with a 2-tick delay ( coming from the top in the image ) . this design creates a scenario whereby power is continuously supplied for use by the upper piston if the lever for the lower piston is in the on state , off state , or transitioning from off to on . however , when transitioning from on to off , the power to the upper piston will be temporarily disconnected . if in the extended state , the upper piston will momentarily retract long enough for the lower piston to retract before returning to the extended state . extending this solution to a larger stack of pistons is an exercise i will gladly leave to the reader . i for one am hoping they will simply correct the bug . ; )
here 's the a very good explanation for dice poker including statistics . it is for the first witcher game , but it is mostly the same , except for those symbols . one circle is 1 , two circles is a 2 , and for the rest count the points , so the triangle is 3 , etc . the unlabeled circles are a glitch . restarting your game should fix it , but in most menus in witcher 2 , space is accept and esc is reject .
geralt 's amnesia started in the beginning of the first game , it has nothing to do with save files . geralt does not remember most of what happened to him in sapkovsky 's books . as far as i remember there was no crinfrid reavers in the first game .
this video here provides an excellent way of getting gold badge on this level . you have the right idea , you want to make them circle around , one of the best areas to do so is right at the beginning .
when you go to the page about the diplomat documents in your rulebook , on the right there is a gray box stating that arstotzka must be included in the stated countries . to highlight the discrepancy of missing arstotzka , just connect the list of the countries on the document to this gray box in the rulebook .
flash and teleport are forbidden ( for evident reasons ) , all the others ( including ghost ) are allowed . basically , you can not cast anything teleporting you nor trigger an action that uses your tail ( as it is used by ulti ) , these actions include auto-attacks and e .
it seems to be just a bug , and not related to either dlc character : for some reason they forgot zaeed , but kasumi still appears ( circled above ) . however , if zaeed was not loyal to the mission , he will die saving korlack . oddly enough , he will not appear on the memorial wall on the crew deck , although joker will mention him as a casualty before launching the last mission . source
the medi-gel is located at the end of a corridor on the right on the upper floor , on a console . you can watch the mission walk through here ( medi gel around 8:30 ) , or the short version here
all champions got their pros and cons and like all others varus got his counters . in my opinion all champs who got skills to evade varus skillshots will counter him hard like a bot lane with lot of cc . so back to your question : if you are able to play passive and land varus q ( which is his long range arrow skillshot ) as often as possible you can definitely kick some other champs . if you going to give it a try here is the link to the top-rated varus guide available on mobafire . there you can find everything you need .
you can obtain manure either from feeding flowers to pig men , or more reliably from finding a herd of beefalo , who produce it all the time .
as it stands you can only create 1 character , but there is no need to create more than 1 anyhow . each character can swap between any of the battleframes ( firefall 's version of a ' class' ) , simply by unlocking it at the battleframe garage and then swapping between them by using the battleframe stations ( these are located in most towns/outposts/watch towers ) you start with 3 battleframe slots , and can purchase more with redbeans ( the ingame currency ) , but even if you dont wish to spend anything on purchasing any extra slots , you can happily delete battleframes without losing any xp or unlocks you have earned on each frame . meaning you can delete a frame , and later load that frame again and you still have everything you had originally . . . you will just have to re-equip certain gear items/unlocks .
critical hits pack more punch , basically . a critical hit deals 300% the base damage of a weapon , disregarding distance between you and the target and random damage spread . in other words , you will always deal the same amount of damage no matter your luck and distance , so long as your shot hits your target . splash damage works normally , except obviously it'll deal thrice the punch . unless random crits are disabled , every time you fire your gun* you have a chance to shoot a random critical shot . chances range from 2% to 15% based on how much damage you have dealt ( or your buildings have dealt , or your medigun patients have dealt ) in the last 20 seconds . ( for melee weapons , the chances are 15% to 65% . watch out for those wrenches and medic saws ! ) *for the miniguns , the flamethrowers , the syringe guns , the pistols and other such weapons you only roll for crits once per second . a successful roll , however , grants you two seconds of guaranteed random critical hits . additionally , some weapons have guaranteed ways to obtain critical hits ( like all spy knives when attacking from behind ) , some weapons have no ways to obtain critical hits whatsoever ( like the cow mangler ) , and some are in between ( the flare gun will crit enemies on fire as well as deal random critical hits . ) a mini-crit is , instead , a simple 35% damage bonus after distance ramp-up ( the damage bonus you get for hitting enemies up close ) but without distance fall-off ( the damage penalty you get for hitting enemies from a distance ) . damage spread is also applied . you can only deal minicrits if something causes you to ; the tf2 wiki has a list of such situations . most notable are : jarate , buff banner , airblasted non-crit projectiles , death marks . read more about damage ramp-up and fall-off here .
sounds like the file is corrupt which means it just will not work .
no when you dont have enough money you have to travel on foot . you can however always travel to the nearest waypoint on death . as stated on the gw wiki : maximum costs when defeated , but broke . if you are defeated , you can always travel to the nearest waypoint . if you have no money in inventory , the cost will be deducted from your bank . if you also have no money in the bank , you will not be charged beyond what you had left in inventory . if the waypoint is contested , you will have to wait to travel ( or have someone mail you the cost to travel to the next nearest waypoint ) . you cannot travel to the mists while defeated . source
as far as i know , nothing will happen . so yes , return manually . it felt kinda weird to not get any feedback , but i liked the empty feeling it left me with .
make sure you are using the " local area map " for that town ( you can toggle between this and the world map on the map screen ) . all the discovered shops/houses should be marked with names on that one , as opposed to the world map . the compass at the top of screen is not very useful for finding shops , unless you have a quest objective there . if you got that covered , you can usually make a good guess which houses contain shopkeepers by looking at the name of the house . there is also a list of stores covered on http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:stores if you feel like looking them up .
http://feed-the-beast.wikia.com/wiki/soul_cage according to the wiki , 8x8x3 is the spawn area so just clear that large area and enclose it , which should keep all mobs inside .
here is how i solved the last mission : troop-setup : crawler , followed by a shield generator , followed by a second crawler . at the beginning you should have enough money to fully upgrade the first crawler ( allowing you to 1-shot the weakest towers ) and the shield generator , plus i think upgrade the second crawler once . naturally you should upgrade the second one as soon as you can . you should not loose a single unit . while you can definitely recover from a loss , it is a good sign you are not active enough with your abilities . also fully levelled units are very , very expensive . alternative troop-setup : on my first run i had the following troop-setup : dragon - shield - crawler - crawler - shield - supply ( levelled to give decoys ) , with most of them levelled once or twice by the end . while this setup worked , i felt it to be much harder and much more micro-management intensive , since the convoy is much longer and therefore requires more smokescreens , decoys and repairs ( the big laser by the processor required 3 decoys to cross without losses , while with my other setup , 1 smokescreen and 1 repair usually were enough since the shield was much stronger ) . towers : the basic towers should pose not much of a threat , especially in the first setup since you can one-shot them . an energizer should never get the chance to charge up your deployments . luckily in the last level this is much easier than in the levels where it gets introduced . if you zoom out to the route-planning view , you can check for line of sights and plan your placements beforehand . especially in the last mission i did not bother and just called in airstrikes - one is enough and lets you do your thing freely . hacker towers are annoying but no big deal . stay out of the bubble and sprint in and out if you need to use an ability . note that often the shot that deploys the bubble follows you . if you notice that fast enough you can run to a place where it will not get in the way . remember , as long as you are in it and not your troops , no harm done . behemoth/stormray towers can be nasty . the former less so with my first setup , since the shields are much stronger , but stormrays always can zap away all your shields in seconds , so decoys are needed . try to place them behind the tower , so they waste time turning around . also avoid placing them in range of towers you do not need to distract , they will just help get the decoy removed faster . be aware that if your troops are out of range of the towers but you are not , the they might splash your troops by shooting you . final boss : in the final bossfight , be careful not to bite off more than you can chew , let your troops circle somewhere where they will be able to hit the boss while not being shot at by dozens of towers . one trick i used was to let my troops drive between the two " entry streets " . you can hit two of the boss turrets while having few other towers shooting you . smoke screen works great against the turrets of the boss , while decoy is good against the lightning/splash damage towers , as long as you a careful not to place the decoy too close to your troops . do not forget to drop aistrikes onto nasty towers aswell , they deal a lot of damage . general : also , do not be too afraid to let your commander get hit . he regenerates fast and if he looses all his health you only become unable to do anything for 3 seconds ( though that can doom you if it happens at the wrong time ) . i abused this to let my troops circle somewhere safe , sprint in to airstrike a hacker tower , die a painful death fall asleep for 3 seconds and sprint out again . and last but not least remember you can reorder your troops during battle . the front unit has no shields ? switch places with the third one and save a repair . shield does not reset if you move a unit , as long as it does not switch the shield generator . i hope this has helped , if not please explain more clearly what kills you .
the world data , which also includes player inventories , is saved to a folder in the current working directory of the server . the name of said folder depends on the level-name setting in server.properties , and defaults to world . thus , you can start a new world and toggle between the saves by simply changing this setting . vanilla server commands related to saving/backups : /save-all - forces the server to save . /save-off - disables saving . you should definitely execute this before making a backup of a running server to ensure that the server does not save while you are copying , which could result in a corrupt backup . /save-on - re-enables saving .
the major cities each provide access to a bank which is 30 slots ( you can increase this ) shared by all characters on your account . you need to either travel to a bank manually or use one of the freemium items that allow bank access from the middle of anywhere . additionally , your collections storage of crafting materials ( max 250 of each crafting material ) is global to your account -- and you can access that ( and your bank ) from any crafting station .
your question is not correct . it is advantageous to flank an enemy , because it gives you better chance to hit . but if your chance to hit is , say , 90% , it does not matter if you are flanking - flanking is already factored in these 90% , and your chance to hit is 90% . there are no " normal ninety percent " and " flanking ninety percent " , that would be kind of stupid . to guarantee a hit , you need to guarantee a hit - i.e. get a one hundred percent chance . i have missed from 98% percent , and this is correct - approximately two shots out of 100 should miss . the only thing you can do to " game " hit percentages is reload and shoot in a different order . the game remembers random number generator state after save-load , and will always roll same numbers for same actions - but you can switch your shots around to miss with low-damage shot and then hit with a high-damage one . edit : upcoming enemy within expansion is promised to have a configurable option of saving random number generator state . i.e. with it off , you would be able to simple reload and take the shot until the outcome becomes " fair " ; - )
those " yellow buildings " are unclaimed supply depots . you need to create a supply depot and you can move the map around to get select which depot you want to use . best use depots near your hq to speed up cash flow . cities are merely cover for various units and so provide a terrain advantage and that is all . . . and they add to the ambience of the map . you can check out the official strategy guide here . google brings up a lot of results too . this is my beginners guide . ruse like most rts games involves acquiring resources , building stuff , then killing stuff . if you are interested in the quickbattles or multiplayer options this is how i got started . build a couple of supply depots . the faster you gain cash , the faster you can build . pick ones far from the enemy so it is harder for them to over-run/destroy them . you should have a ruse card available so use " blitz " to make the following happen a lot faster . you want to collect supplies and establish bases asap . build barracks . build a couple of recons and send them out immediately . . . intel , intel , intel ! build an armor base ( tanks ) start building heavy tanks . put tanks near bridges , they are choke points , can make a good kill zone . build an anti-tank base . you can create anti-tank/anti-air batteries . build anti-air to protect your buildings build a few tank destroyers . bundle them with your tanks . one supports the other in the face of other tanks . 8a . if you have spare cash . do the upgrades for your tanks . by this time you should have some cash , so build an airbase and send out aerial recon deep into enemy territory . but watch out for their anti-air . create some heavy soldiers , ( rangers ) . ( you will have to do " research " as it is an upgrade ) that covers getting started . now lets start blowing stuff up ! use a " spy " ruse card to find your opposition . target his supply dumps if they are near you . starve the opposition of resources if you can . or place light tanks along his supply lines , stopping the trucks is just as good . create some howitzers . these are good from a distance and support your tanks . just keep them back from the front line . send some tanks and harass a bit . get used to engaging . use a " fake offensive " ruse card to draw the enemy to another part of the map and expose resources . put your heavy troops in cities or the woods as they have bonuses for ambushes and defence automatically . i found that mid-way through a campaign , if the opposition gets a lot of planes , you are in trouble , so build at least 4 combat fighters and 4 fighter-bombers . but recon areas before flying into them because anti-air makes short work of air-power . you will keep getting ruse cards periodically ( while your hq is intact ) . i found i was using blitz a lot . when launching a major offensive into an area , use blitz to get in there fast . when you do multiplayer , it helps to have voice chat between you and your team mate . you can build multiple bases of the same type , like armor bases and barracks and this speeds up production . play against the ai first before running out and taking on humans , because humans will kill you a lot faster and that is not fun after a couple of hours . prototype bases produce interesting stuff that basically is tougher and can kill lots of stuff . but this is only worthwhile once you have great supply . i found that i was creating secondary hq 's to collect resources far away . this speeds up the cash flow , but you have to consider protection of it to . the campaign is annoying with some silly story and plot . it ruins the game play for me , but some people think this stuff is worthwhile . i do not know why game designers do this because it is always ( always ) tacky dialog , and computer animated characters just make it look like a thunderbirds show . there is heaps more to this game , and there are other ( and better ? ) strategies to . that is the cool thing about ruse . pitting your strategy against theirs and adapting to the unpredictable . . . have fun ! ! ! !
okay , i just found that information in brick-force 's train wreck of a shop interface . apparently , mastering a weapon type gives you a discount on all weapons of the same type in the shop . this is kind of a big deal , since you have to keep buying your weapons if you want something other than the default junk . presumably you master weapons by killing lots of dudes with them . you can master everything that is classified as a weapon , including grenades and melee items . these are all the mastery tiers and their associated discounts ; they apply across the board , regardless which in-game currency type you use . level 1: 0% off level 2: 3% off level 3: 5% off level 4: 8% off level 5: 15% off ( source : shop interface ; lower right corner )
i quote the elder scrolls wikia : at the end of raldbthar there is a dwarven mechanism which you lack the necessary item to activate . ( first dark brotherhood contract area for muiri ) the item is an attunement sphere found in other dwemer ruins . to unlock the mechanism you need to travel north of winterhold . carefully walk down the mountain , or jump off the bridge path to the college and pray you land in the water ( not suggested ) then swim north past skytemple ruins , to a cave called septimus signus 's outpost . once you have talked to septimus he will give you a quest called discerning the transmundane and give you key to open the dwarven mechanisms . raldbthar connects to blackreach ( by going through the mechanism ) which is part of the discerning the transmundane quest , so if you dont want to explore the location septumus suggests or if you already went through that gigantic location and dont want to retun yet , then you can ignore the mechanism . tes:v wikia
in the college of winterhold 's living quarters , you can find a black market merchant named enthir - he will sell you black soul gems for something like 1200 or 1300 septims .
according to this article , yes . it is possible to escape the snow monster by traveling another 2000 m from the point which the monster gives chase , creating a loop and starting over from the beginning . one way to evade the monster is to go directly left or right in fast mode . he is right behind you , but cannot catch you unless you hit an obstacle . pressing " f " can make you move faster than the monster . also , here 's a video that shows it and xkcd :
you have to change the class in the Other Qualifications section . for example , you have to change Philosophy, Class 1 to Philosophy, Class 3 , then save .
i am currently enjoying playing the 2008 prince of persia game on the xbox 360 ( but its also available on ps3 and pc ) . it is relatively easy so far and quite a few reviews for the game suggest this too
blizzard recently added a new custom map which makes it pretty easy to do this using the map burning tide . a full guide to beating the insane ai on this map can be found on youtube ( also read the description ) . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpsp12u-9_g this method worked for me in patch 1.1.1 - i am not sure if it is still working but you should give it a try ; )
that depends what kind of items are you talking about here . weapons if you are talking about weapons you do not need , then i would suggest you keep them anyway for as long as you can . because if you run out of ammo for the weapon type you use as your primary you can use other ones . if you however have stronger weapon that uses the same ammo type as the weaker one , you might want to keep weaker one anyway in case your stronger one gets destroyed ( either via durability loss , or if it gets disintegrated ) . armors if you have extra armors which you do not need because they are weaker then the one you are currently using , you might want to keep them anyway for when your main armor ( the one you are using ) gets destroyed ( it will happen sooner or later ) . if you really need more inventory space then i would suggest you get rid of extra armor since they do take decent amount of space . materials most materials can always be useful , so i would not get rid of them even if i do not need some of them at the moment . plus most of them take only a block or two of inventory space . however if you do know all recipes in the game , and you are sure in which materials you might not need later then just get rid of them . food , medicine and ammo never drop any of those . never . ( i think that is pretty obvious though ) biomods and mutation serums i do not even bother picking those up unless i have that item which can identify them . the risk of losing stats is not worth it . and if i discard them , should i " drop " or " destroy ? if you are 100% sure you wont need them later on then there is no reason not to destroy them . if you however feel like you might need them anytime soon but you need to get rid of them just to get more inventory space then i would suggest you drop them . however do note that if you already descended few floors , it is not worth coming back for items you droped because then you will be wasting your food ( hunger sucks ) .
shortly after you have passed the time when the game says it is time for rest ( f6 menu ) it will begin charging you 150 euro every few minutes until you sleep . not a big deal if you have an empire , but if you are still getting established it is worth knowing . the only time you should drive while tired is when taking a rest break would cause you to deliver your cargo late .
55 mph is the speed limit for trucks in most european countries . what you are doing wrong is speeding . you can see the full list for speed limits in the wikipedia article for speed limit . here are some examples : germany : 80-100 kph ( 49-62 mph ) italy : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) poland : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) austria : lorries with heavy trailer - 80 kph ( 49 mph ) spain : 70-90 kph ( 43-55.9 mph )
when dismissed , you can choose whether your companions return to your suite at the lucky 38 or the location you originally met them . . this travel is immediate , they do not walk through the wastes . ( note : the option to send them to the lucky 38 only exists if you have unlocked it by speaking to mr . house . )
no , there is no penalty in any of the street crimes for killing a suspect rather than capturing them alive , if the option is given to you . if you kill someone who you must capture alive , you will fail the street crime . usually the game will make this distinction clear to you when you start the pursuit . i should mention that if you are interested in achievements ( and your platform supports them ) there are achievements for tackling a suspect and for firing a warning shot to stop a suspect , which you sometimes have the opportunity to do during street crimes . these only count after the tutorial missions ( ie , once you become a full fledged detective ) however , you can always replay a case or street crime later , so these are not missable .
these symbols are called shadowmarks . glossary of shadowmarks ( all of the below comes from the in-game book , " shadowmarks" ) " the guild " this is the symbol for the guild . this means the place is as safe as the flagon 's cistern . if you see this shadowmark , someone from the guild is nearby for certain . " safe " we usually leave this shadowmark when we have scouted and found a safe way around something , a hallway without traps or maybe a house that is already cleared out . if you see one of these , head the way it is pointing and you will be fine . " danger " if you see this shadowmark , head the other way or take your life in your own hands . it means there is something ahead or beyond that door that wants to turn you inside-out . " escape route " now , on the rare occasion ( it better be a rare occasion if you want to work in the guild ) that you find yourself in jail , look for this little beauty . you see this shadowmark and escape is just a few steps away . " protected " we put these shadowmarks on places we do not want you to go . as in stay out of there or there is going to be a boot up the backside . these people are under the guild 's protection and should never be robbed or assaulted . " fence " this should quickly become your favorite shadowmark . the person near this mark will buy your . . . hard-earned stolen goods for a fair price . " thieves ' cache " who says we only take and never give back ? if you find this shadowmark near a chest or maybe a hollowed log , you are in for a surprise . . . a gift from the guild for the thief in the field . whoever said membership did not have its privileges ? " loot " there is something near this shadowmark worth stealing . saves you from breaking into a place only to find the people do not even have two septim to rub together . " empty " the opposite of the loot shadowmark . pass on this place , there is nothing inside .
yes , it is . go to your skyrim folder . inside this folder there should be a folder called " data " . inside this folder should be a folder called " video " . delete the video called : bgs_logo . bik it should be the only video inside the folder . i have also tested and verified this works ( and does not break the game ) . it just puts you on the start menu where you can load or start a new game . possible locations , replace the path where applicable , check the ( x86 ) folder on 64-bit systems . %programfiles%\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik %programfiles%\the elder scrolls v skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik
i am hesitant to post anything that might be misconstrued as being " in favor " of pirating games , but i do not think its really possible to appreciate the disadvantages of pirating games without also looking at the other side of things . first up , the advantages of piracy : its cheaper ( duh ) it can be difficult to find places that still sell older games many games are not available for online download legally ( which is irritating as an impatient " i want to play it now ! " sort of person ) many drm systems have an activation limit which players may legitimately reach if they change or reconfigure their pc often . obviously pirated games have no such limitations . there have been instances of drm system failures making games unplayable , sometimes for days . again pirated copies were not affected . some drm systems also required an internet connection in order to play , again pirated copies had no such restrictions . for games that require that the cd be present pirates can use a mounted cd-rom image instead . certain invasive drm systems have even been reported to introduce security vulnerabilities and performance issues ( however i am not aware of any cases where these were actually exploited ) the reasons why you should buy your games : its a hassle to install priated games pirated games are often impossible to update pirated games come from an untrusted source and may contain viruses or other harmful software certain platforms ( e . g . consoles / iphone ) require that the platform be " chipped " or " jailbroken " in order to run pirated games . this can be risky , prevent you from running legally obtained games and will invariably invalidate your warranty . online multiplayer is often not possible with pirated copies you do not get any manuals or other " merchandise " with the game ( also think about games like guitar hero ) price is obviously a compelling factor as to why people pirate games , but many of the other advantages of pirated games are related to invasive and over-zealous drm systems - console games generally do not have these problems and i think the situation is improving for pc games ( admitedly after a wave of bad press over games like spore ) . systems like steam and the appstore are also doing a lot to incentive the would-be pirate into paying for their games by providing demos , easy online purchasing and download of games , and ( in the case of steam ) standardised high-quality drm systems that are less invasive for the user . another big plus in favor of buying your games is online play - online play is difficult ( if not impossible ) for most modern pirated games . also pirated games can be difficult to obtain and install . the other big plus in favor of paying for your games is that you are supporting the developer . as others have already mentioned gamers benefit in the long run by voting with their wallet - in the past when money has been short i fully admit to having copied games , but i have always made sure that i go back and pay someone some money for the games that i enjoyed .
as oak has said , the seed is used to seed a pseudo random number generator , which makes it ( in practice ) impossible to determine . however , to make things worse , the given seed is first run through a hash function ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hash_function ) that ( should ) generate wildly different values with the changing of 1 letter . in short , there is no useful correlation between the seed input ( "gargamel " for example ) and the seed used ( some number ) . and even if there was it would not get you very far . update ( for clarification ) : this does not mean that using the same seed will generate a different map ( else sites like minecraftseeds . info would not work ) , the hash function will always generate the same output given the same input and the pseudo random number generator will always create the same sequence from this number . it does mean however , that changing one bit of the seed ( say , " gargamel " versus " gbrgamel" ) will create a different map , which will usually have very little in common with the first map .
anyone not currently using teleport is either not playing inferno ( the only difficulty mode that matters ) , or is using 2-3 other--less effective--defensive skills in its place , and thus wasting time and/or dps . teleport is a wizard 's only escape spell , and it can be used both offensively and defensively depending on your survivability requirements in your best gear ; in inferno , where nearly every champ pack or elite has one or more of fast/teleporting/vortex/jailer mods and so much cc reduction that snares are almost completely ineffective , the way you actually stay alive in practice is like this : dps while kiting , take first hit through force armor ( after stacking a lot of damage reduction on gear , of course ) to proc illusionist and reset your cooldown on teleport , teleport to escape/interrupt/dps as needed , then dps and kite while regenerating health - repeat until your mob is dead . of course , using teleport requires the illusionist passive skill to make any good use of it - but the only other inferno-worthy passives we have at this point are glass cannon/cold blooded/conflagration in terms of offense ( glass cannon being the only one worth taking in all but a handful of only marginally-effective builds ) , and galvanizing ward and blur for defense . ( general rule in choosing passives is this , for those unfamiliar : galvanizing ward until you reach at least 1200 life regen per second without it ; blur until you have enough dr to take advantage of force armor or unless melee damage is not an issue ; illusionist always - because you are always using teleport ; then phase in offensives as you increase your survivability , starting with glass cannon ) . many people recommend teleport with fracture , but i have found that the decoys are extremely unreliable a majority of the time ; to make effective use of them , you really need to use teleport before you have caused any damage to a mob , or else the mob will ignore your decoys completely - but this would mean you are playing inefficiently and overly defensively to begin with , and ultimately hurts your survivability by unnecessarily prolonging fights . i find this rune is only effective when fighting extremely large groups of many , many mobs - in which case , a small portion of them may be distracted by the decoys , which accounts for a moderate amount of overall damage reduction . still , that is almost always an avoidable situation , and manageable in other , better ways . in such a situation , wormhole would be a better option - because it would allow you to escape to a safe area/choke point and take control of the battle from there . in my experience , if you need a strong defensive option , wormhole is just far superior overall ; it lets you completely escape a fight with all but those few extra fast mobs that are already extremely fast by default , ( mostly in act 2 ) , which allows you to re-engage on your own terms - a far more valuable tactical solution than simply avoiding a single attack . if you are very fragile and simply can not take any hits yet , this is your best bet against most mobs and packs . the calamity rune is ideal if you have enough damage reduction to easily survive 3-4 hits through force armor , and enough life regeneration to recoup the loss from one hit in no less than a few seconds ( > 20k health , ~90% dr minimum without dodge , and ~1500 life regen per second ) . the wave of force cast upon landing actually knocks mobs back quite a reasonable distance , does decent damage , interrupts any casting/attack animation on non-bosses ( though you need to be conscious of your latency when using it in this way or they can still hit you if your timing is not perfect ! ) , and can be used both to escape a mob 's area as well as to simply push it away from your area - a huge improvement over other teleport runes in general , and even more so when used in the currently top-performing venom hydra/blizzard build variant , as it requires very precise positioning overall and kiting in the same area to take advantage of venom pools . i used this to great effect beginning in act 2 inferno , when i found i needed something that would allow me to repeatedly escape mobs that could close any distance nearly instantly and which could not be kited effectively with blizzard ( leapers , etc ) , without completely stopping my damage output . if you are forced to use calamity in a primarily defensive capacity for an extended period of time ( i.e. . you do not have enough time to cast 2-3 other dps spells between teleports ) , mirror image with mimics are an excellent addition ; with the small damage component they add while you are running for your life , plus the damage from calamity , kiting battles will go much , much , much faster - helping you avoid enrage timers , as well as keeping you out of harm 's way . if you consider the half-second to one second that mobs spend " confused " after being knocked back every time you use teleport with calamity , your overall reduction of incoming damage is going to be far higher than with any other rune - and you are doing damage at the same time . it is basically a wizard 's form of counter-attacking , and it is very effective when you learn to use it expertly .
from the official minecraft wiki page on enchantments there are two new enchantments specific to fishing rods , and one existing enchantment has been added : lure : decreases average time between fish biting your hook . luck of the sea lowers frequency of " junk " catches by swapping them to fish . unbreaking ( 100/ ( level+1 ) ) % chance a use reduces durability . on average , lifetime is ( level+1 ) times as long .
so the map usually places you in a decent spot ( ie . near good resources ) , but you can actually disable this option . if you disable spawning near resources then the answer becomes very obvious . however , even in the case where you do spawn near good resources i always move my scout/warrior first to see if there are better resources i might want . i usually prefer growth based resources over military ones ( ie horses ) or commerce based ones . in ffh2 ( a mod for civ4 ) you frequently start in " bad " locations , and i almost always move to a better location . normally , i do not want my first city near mana , as it does not help a ton to get up and running ( when i have the option of other resources , obviously mana is better than nothing ) , but i do not want someone else to steal it . another thing to consider is the size of your map . on smaller maps , moving your settler is punished by running into other civilizations . on larger maps , you usually have tons of room to look around and expand . my take home might be : usually , just found your city where you start , but always make sure to move your warrior/scout first , just in case .
i feel like there are usually a bunch of magic items there as well . a good option if you want to search for cheap equipment is to enter maximum buyout price when searching . at lower prices , the proportion of blue items tends to be higher .
you can not . mostly . the story-dungeon has waypoints every few levels which you can port directly to from town , but other than that , you are stuck .
i would like to tell you that you can play with whatever you like - and for the most part , that is true . however , on higher difficulties , some group combinations can be extremely frustrating and benefit immensely from having a monk or a barbarian on the front lines who can soak hits . while there is no concrete ( or if there are , they are currently unknown ) mechanics governing things like threat - monsters will smash just about anyone in melee with them , and will often sprint off to chase squishies if they want to - there is a definite inclination for most types of monsters to attack things directly in front of them . barbarians and monks , depending on build and items , can soak a considerable amount of damage up and even give their allies defensive boosts that other classes do not always have available to them . without them , kiting becomes utterly mandatory in all scenarios against champions and elites in hell and beyond , and certain ability combinations will end in suffering and sorrow . of course , in the higher difficulties , certain champion/elite abilities will tear through those heightened damage soaking abilities trivially anyway , and some monsters ( mallet lords ! ) will smash them flat regardless of damage soaking - so awareness is still the most important trait a player can have , and you will not find that on gear . tldr : you can succeed with any combination of classes , but a diverse set of classes will cut down on your repair bills and your heartaches significantly . choose carefully if you plan on going to hell or inferno .
i am guessing : verifying the game is legit ( drm ) . verifying the game is up-to-date . verifying the requirements for the game ( e . g . directx ) are still met . although ( 3 ) should theoretically only be checked on the first run , i am pretty sure it is actually checked on every run - i saw a few games that always show a brief " installing directx " line even after the first run . maybe it is done to verify no hardware or software changes were made to the system that can break the game . this is just a guess , though . . . if you want to know for sure , i suppose you can monitor the steam process at the moment it is launched ( e . g . with a network analyzer and some process monitor such as sysinternals ) .
yes . ed-e 's built in weapons are considered holdout weapons , which can be carried into a casino . in addition , any human companion can carry any holdout weapon that the courier 's sneak skill will allow . so you can give a . 22 to your buddy boone as well , ( for example ) . however , according to the " bugs " section at the bottom of the page , ed-e 's integrated weapons can be brought into weapons-free areas as holdout weapons only if the player 's sneak skill is below 50 . this is caused by ed-e 's weapons being included on the holdout weapons list but not the improved holdout weapons list .
here 's a quote from the developers : q : i changed the in-game resolution , how can i restore the original settings ? a : the game will auto-detect your monitor 's proper resolution on start-up . if you change your resolution and the proper one is not available in the options menu , you can have it auto-detect again by deleting your profile here ( exact location may vary ) : "\program files\steam\userdata\33142021\107100\local " source
are you talking about goods and materials ? as settlements produce goods , wagon trains can carry them to sea ports , where ships can transport them to europe . ref so you could also move them in wagon train in another city , to turn them into finished goods . the guns and horses could also be moved using a standard unit .
according to a couple of my personal tests , inserting a delay between the lmb and rmb presses , and casting the spell as if without the dual casting perk - twice , results in the fastest leveling . twice as fast , more or less . also , it appears that the higher level the spell , the faster is the leveling process .
this station is exactly like a passenger station that both generates and accepts passengers : the wood that is being generated there needs to be taken to another station that accepts wood . the station will accept wood from other sources , but never from itself . none of the cargo is " absorbed " by the local sawmill - you will need to transport all of it away , and if you want that local sawmill to generate goods you will need to transport wood in from another source .
ok , i managed to find the answer to my question ( reference ) : 4.3 . manual tracking faqs q : what happens if i set more than one game to track at once ? a : nothing , they will all track fine , with no issues . every game is considered separate from the others , so tracking 2 ( or 20 , or 2000 ) at once , even some of them automatically and some manually , will cause no issues . the only thing you should not do is track the exact same game both automatically and manually at the same time .
try using nbtedit to edit your location . assuming you are running the multiplayer server , the file will be located here : server/world/players/YourName.dat  . . . where server and world are the folders the minecraft server and world files are in , respectively . if you are not running it , you will have to ask the administrator to fix it for you , though . it may be a good idea to look at other player data and set your coordinates to the same as theirs . note that i am not sure if this will actually work , though ; i am going off the assumption that the player dat files are just per-player NBT files , and nbtedit is fairly old . here 's the link to nbtedit : http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/6661-nbtedit/
foefire 's essence can be created in the mystic forge by combining : 1 eldritch scroll 1 gift of light 70 mystic coins 250 orichalcum greatsword blades credit to maisen from the official guild wars 2 forums .
it expands the map to introduce more muslim states in north africa , although i am unsure if you need the dlc for that . paradox also vaguely promises "20 new features " , but those might just be relevant to muslim factions . the biggest " change " that is relevant for a non-muslim player , is likely that the ai muslim leaders need to adhere to decadence . due to this , their vast empires seem to crumble on a semi-regular basis . if you do not plan on playing as a muslim , then i do not think you are missing out on much ( but please correct me if i am wrong ) . however , the dlc is often on sale for next to nothing either by itself , or in a bundle .
xp gained depends primarily on the type of enemy and their level . base xp bumps vary from ~100 for regular enemies to ~1,000 for " quest bosses " and up . xp is then scaled down if you are in a vehicle or if you are matched in level or better . that is all . no xp bonuses for being underleveled , no xp bonuses from headshots , no xp changes from grenades , etc .
there are two ways i know of to create a new village : transplant villagers from an existing village : it is possible to transport villagers from an existing village , such as by placing them in a minecart , but two criteria must be met for them to stay where you unload them : they must be at least 32 blocks from the " center " of the existing village , or else they will simply return to the village . there must be homes at the new village , or else they will simply wander . the wiki discusses what constitutes a " house " and also suggests a number of designs you can use . cure some zombies : as the answer to this question indicates , zombies that spawn either in the wild or from spawners have a chance ( 10% ) of being a zombie villager , which can then be cured using a splash potion of weakness and a golden apple . if you build a village according to the links i gave above , you can then populate it with nearby randomly-spawned zombie villagers that you have cured of their zombie status .
a quick youtube search pulled up the following video , which helps demonstrate what i am about to tell you you need to do . basically , you should not try to reach the wall under bandage girl , as your position on the wall there prevents you from getting enough vertical boost from the repulsor to safely clear the buzz saw . if you jump from the ( safe ) flat ground before the final repulsor , you can easily clear the buzzsaw , as the video shows . edit : okay , now that you have posted a picture , i have misattributed the source wall of your frustrations . in that case , the answer is much simpler -- you are not supposed to end up on that wall . you need to get over the buzzsaw and inside the 2nd building from the repulsor .
for some reason , it always starts up as if the down arrow is pressed . pressing the down button a few times when the menu is up keeps it from cycling . not a permanent fix , but at least it makes things usable .
so map control is a very ephemeral concept , but at its core is the idea that you can control space ( area ) on the map and prevent things like : expansions , harassment , scouting . since map control is largely concerned with covering area , having map control usually means having units which are very fast and thus can respond quickly . additionally , it often times means having good vision on most of the map . its important to note , that vision helps you maintain map control , but in and of itself it does not give you control . control is the ability to respond quickly . consider the following scenario : you are a terran player who went mmm . you have a large force and its sitting in the center of the map . how quickly can you respond to reaper harass ? if you see nydus tunnels on opposite sides of the map , what can you do about it ? what can you do about overseers contaminating your buildings ? what is you are response to a void prism ? or void ray in the back of your base ? now compare that player to a terran player who went 1:1:1 and has a lot of vikings . all of a sudden he can be everywhere very quickly . reaper harass ? vikings land in the front and back and you have got him . overseer scouts ? shut down . you control the map and what happens on it . map control is very powerful not only because you can scout but also because you can expand . if i am starting up a new expansion away from my main , i have the choice of putting my army there , or in my main , or splitting it up . the first two options lead to suffering from harassment , the last one suffers from having poor response to a big push . however , if you have units which can quickly move around the map and shut down harassment , all of a sudden you are free to expand and out macro your opponent . this is very much a dominate strategy in broodwars . some units which help with map control are : vikings hellions banshee mutalisks speedlings phoenix warpgate + pylon but this is by no means an exhaustive list . a number of people have said that vision connotes map control , or helps a slow force respond quickly . while vision is nice , it is ultimately a scouting technique . if you have sufficient scouting it is still possible for an opponent to launch successful harassment if you do not have the units to respond . since map control is based around the ability to respond , having vision is largely beneficial , it reducing your response time . additionally , being able to scout your opponents base also reduces response time . neither of these things , in and of themselves , gives you control . the only determining factor is : can you respond ? in answer to this question i largely focused on what units gave map control instead of how to scout as scouting is largely a different question . this is not to understate its importance though .
to draw on it , you need to fi to acknowledge that you have found the symbol template . then go to the incomplete symbol and hold your sword up and do not do a strike ! instead you must let it charge , and go up to the symbol , then after a second or two you can draw to finish the symbol . it is similar to the process that you use for the goddess walls .
in the history of cs there is the phenomenon that if you turn and face the bomb when it explodes the damage done to you will be reduced . this was until cs:go , they removed this feature from the game . you will see that most people even high skilled player do so because they are used to it or they just do not know proof :
changing affinity as suggested by cjm made things just worse as long as less then four cpus where selected . but it did not improve anything at all . i did not bother with the disk performance tools , would not believe i am in trouble with the ssd as i know ( and have measured in the past ) my throughput is around 200mb reading . i have no such hogging background processes , i do not run antivirus ( exactly because of this ) . checked with msconfig.exe , all automatically started services looked normal and tools started on system startup looked good as well . finally i tried to play around with compatibility setting when i found a CoJ_DX10.exe in the game directory . it never occurred to me this file exists as typing Juarez in the w7 start menu only provides my on links which starts up CoJ.exe it seems . after starting CoJ_DX10.exe and configuring my settings ( everything maxed out at 1600x1200 ) and played again from the start -> there was no stutter at all anymore . besides , it looks better still at 85 fps . . . so simple i can not believe it .
chubbies have a small chance of spawning from pre-set locations i believe . so if you revisit the areas that might have them repeatedly you might see one . they are extremely rare though . two known spawn locations are : right outside hero 's pass , in the eridian blight . there is a chubby rakk . i have seen this one myself . i have also been in this area about 100 times looking for donkey mong and never saw a second one ( or donkey mong ) so the rate seems to be very very low . right inside the caustic caverns there is a chubby varkid spawn location . i have gone through this area maybe 2-3 dozen times ? and never seen it . i would not bother actively seeking these guys . as with most " rare " things in borderlands 2 , they are far too rare to make actively hunting them any fun . for the record i am at over 150 hours game time and i have seen one . allegedly the caustic caverns one is easy to make appear but i have never tried seeking it out . interestingly there is a lot of chubby rakk that spawn in an area in the tourge dlc in a specific area ( the only rakk in the whole dlc , a mission takes you to the area ) . these chubby rakk seem to be a 100% spawn but do not drop the special look ( or if they do it is an extremely low rate ) . i killed about 10 of them with no drops beyond ammo/cash .
from the screenshot i would say that looks like the model is missing or corrupt . first thing to do in this case is verify your tf2 file cache , this will check your tf2 install is up to date and no files are corrupt or missing - and download anything it needs to make your game correct . go to the game 's properties from the steam library and you will find a " verify integrity of game cache . . . " button , hit that and let it check for anything broken and re-download it ( this may take some time depending on how much has to be redownloaded ) . you might need to re-start steam before trying again .
penetration values for ap shells are for 0-100m . after 100m , the penetration falls off . penetration values for heat ( and he ) shells are true any range . at longer ranges ( > 300m ) , you are actually getting a higher effective penetration . spgs like the su-26 are often firing at these longer ranges . note that heat and he shells are not normalized like ap/apcr shells , so heat and he are less effective against angled or sloped armor . see http://wiki.worldoftanks.com/battle_mechanics#penetration_mechanics and http://wiki.worldoftanks.com/ammo for references .
it is a bug . normally it is sent by a follower , spouse , or other npc you have befriended . according to the wiki , it should contain this : &lt ; character 's name> , in the name of &lt ; jarl 's name> , it is with great regret that we inform you of &lt ; npc 's name> death . the deceased has bequeathed unto you a measure of inheritance in the amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces . the jarl 's court has levied an amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces from the sum , as the lawfully and honorably due tax . the remainder has been commended unto the care of a trusted courier for deliverance . while all of the jarl 's court grieves with you on this day , we rejoice in the knowledge that the deceased was in possession of dear friends and wealth to communicate unto them . may this lawfully bestowed inheritance prove as a reminder of your enduring faith in one another , and of the jarl 's beneficence accorded unto you both .
what you are looking at is most likely the particle effect for the active of the shard of true ice . this is the only image i could find on the internet , but i believe the particle effect gets more detailed . the active effect for the shard of true ice slows all enemies near your ( allied ) target by 30% . this effect lasts for 4 seconds . common targets include tanks/initiators ( to keep enemy teams from disengaging ) and carries ( to keep them alive if your team disengaging ) . the shard of true ice builds out of a kage 's lucky pick , mana manipulator , and 535 gold .
no you do not , the weapon is turned in and you lose it from your inventory . however , if it is a good gun , just hold on to it until you find a better one and then hand the mission in .
well turns out i discovered the answer to this myself . fraps heavily writes to the hdd , and slows down the game if it can not write the videos fast enough . for me , this was because my hdd was becoming rapidly fragmented as fraps ran over long periods of time ( about 10% after 1 hour ) . this was causing fraps to not be able to keep up with the action . from my research , there are two fixes to this : record to a second hdd dedicated to fraps set fraps to record at a lower resolution or lower framerate . for instance , record at 30fps , but turn off framerate lock so the game is not reduced to 30fps ( probably the best solution ) . take a break every time fraps decides to slow down , and defrag your disk . i hope this helps someone out in the future !
ben brocka is correct that bosses will respawn , so all that matters is quest rewards that are unique . i have found a list someone else compiled of all missions that give unique loot ( source ) . a real boy : human -- lying pistol animal rights -- sniper " i infrequently perish " arms dealing -- one reward is a blue relic . not unique . maybe useful . bandit slaughter round 5 -- ar " what plaything can you offer me today ? " bearer of bad news -- ar best mother 's day ever -- purple shield . roid . very long delay bffs -- order ( unique shield ) chosen one -- evil smasher assault rifle . clan war : end of the rainbow -- shotgun " good things kill in threes " clan war : wakey wakey -- unique pistol or shield . clan war : zafords v hodunks -- smg or shotgun . cordially invited/tea party -- corrosive teapot cult following : the enkindling -- shield of the firehawk demon hunter -- red text ironsight sniper . doctor 's orders -- blue relic ? hell hath no fury -- grenade " it takes two to get one in trouble " home movies -- 2 blue relics to choose from hungry like the skag -- ar " oh sorry . was that your head ? " hyperion contract 873 -- talking sniper hyperion slaughter 5 -- sniper lost treasure -- lists as green pistol . possibly red text ? medical mystery : xcom-municate -- possible e-tech gun ? note for self person -- launcher " toasty " out of body experience -- talking shotgun overlooked : only a test - purple shield . " what do you mean theoretically " positive self image -- vehicle booster relic . no red text . still maybe rare . pretty good train robbery -- grenade . " make it rain " rakkaholic 's anonymous -- sniper or pistol safe and sound -- shotgun or unique relic . showdown -- red text relic . +shotgun damage , reload and ffyl . uncertain if it - **scales . slap happy -- shotgun . " octo means 9" splinter group -- shotgun . " do not retreat , instead reload ! " the bane -- the bane the good , the bad and the mordecai -- relic with +xp from combat . uncle teddy -- pistol or shotgun will not get fooled again -- law ? you . will . die . ( seriously . ) -- inconclusive . possibly irrelevant .
yes . depending on who you escaped with , you will see them again either by joining the stormcloadk rebellion , or by joining the imperial legion .
they will sometimes move automatically but for the most part you have to shoot them . do not feel bad , they are just b.o.b. s
yes , legacy names are unique per server and all your alt toons will have the same legacy name on that server . if i picked " stackexchange " as a legacy name on one server , no one else can pick that name on that server . but if they moved to another server where it was not taken , then it is up for grabs . better to identify people 's alts with . do not believe me ? take a look here and here .
entire answer is in spoiler tag since there is no way to avoid it . no if you stand there for 20 minutes ( actually more like one minute ) he will just suggest a tour of the facility . it also does not matter how long you play the 8 game . nor whether or not you wait in the waiting room . there are some dialogue differences , but only one ending .
the reason it is gold is because you bookmarked it through rockstar social club ; all bookmarked jobs ( missions , survival , deathmatches , races , etc . ) are highlighted in gold . if you log into your rockstar social club account , go to the gta v section , then go to " gta online " , you can find a list of your bookmarked jobs : there you can remove any bookmarked jobs . also , if you open your map and highlight that icon with your cursor , it should say " bookmarked ( job type ) " . hope this helps !
firstly , do you have a hospital ? if not , build one , even if it is just a bed somewhere random . ( your dining hall would actually be a pretty good place ) even though you do not have any dwarfs that are trained in those skills , it does not mean they can not do them . it just means they will suck . so pick a dwarf who is not busy and activate the medical skills on him and deactivate all the rest . he should run and get the dwarf and carry him back to the hospital bed . make sure you have buckets and prepared meals . wounded dwarfs who can not feed themselves need to be feed by other dwarfs . buckets provide drinks , and prepared meals provide food . i think just any food can be given to a wounded dwarf , but i have always had the most luck with prepared meals . finally , wait . either the dwarf you esoterically assigned to be a doctor will patch your dwarf back together ( assuming you have a traction bench , cast powder , and crutches ) or he will keep him alive until a more skilled dwarf comes to save the day .
the life ( and defense ) enchantment has a hard cap of level 10 . the attack enchantment is unlimited .
from a plot point of view , the world is affected by the dreams / nightmares of the bubble dreamer ( the guy with the beard below ) , so i guess he dreams about bubbles a lot . in terms of gameplay , this blog entry on the rayman website describes the thinking behind bubbles : a health bar didnt feel right in a game where you might lose all those hard earned health points by falling into a pit . so it was natural to limit those , and a great opportunity to get rid of the gui . instead we took the bubblizing approach . if you take a hit or fall into a pit you turn into a bubble . you can be revived by one of your co-op partners with a simple punch or jump . . . . in co-op mode . if your friend is running ahead , you are left with fewer opportunities to kick ass . so michel came up with the idea to bubblize enemies . it was great , because all of a sudden lagging players could finish those bad guys , and earn one of those happy lums too .
you break them with the hammer , and they drop experience orbs .
no , this always happens regardless . there is nothing you can do to avoid that outcome .
i slapped on my boots of the bay and nuked some bloodsail pirates . by using mana shield ( expires after 1 minute ) as a timer , i observed the following : looted immediately , despawned after 3rd cast ( 2 minutes ) looted after 1 minute , despawned after 4rd cast ( 3 minutes , which is 2 minutes after looting ) uninspected , despawned after 6th cast ( 5 minutes ) inspected , despawned after 5.2 minutes ( 5 minutes after inspection ) inspecting each minute , lasted 10 casts ( did not wait for despawn ) - mob did respawn at 8.4 minutes . killed the second mob , looted and the new corpse despawned after 2 minutes while original corpse still there . killed and looted a jaguero stalker ( skinnable ) . the corpse despawned 5 minutes after looting . so , it seems that 2 minutes is the despawn time for looted corpses ( unless salvagable , then it is 5 minutes ) . if there is loot it will despawn after 5 minutes . inspecting the loot resets the timer . it makes me wonder if that corpse remained there because the neighboring corpses were looted and despawned after 2 minutes . this corpse stuck around for 3 more minutes with its loot , or you inadvertently inspected without looting causing it to remain for an additional 5 minutes . i also scoured the patch notes , and the only one mentioning corpse despawning was for 2.4.2 looting a boss while a player is outside of the instance will no longer cause the corpse to despawn in 2 minutes if the player still has loot on the corpse .
after more experience with the game , these does indeed seem to be a pattern . blunt attacks are blockable by guts . punches , kicks , stomps , smacks , rams , headbutts , ground pounds , and so on can be blocked with guts . the main exception is when the enemy is in an " enraged " state ; there are one or two other minor exceptions . some blunt attacks require a guts of sufficient size to block . one attack that operates by this rule is when the boss of 002-c tries to squish you with its fist . if your guts is of size 1 or 2 ( composed of 10-19 or 20-49 morphers ) , the punch will be held at bay , but once the shield goes down it'll hit you anyway . on the other hand , the attack can be successfully blocked and halted by a guts of size 3 or higher ( 50 or more morhpers ) . nothing else is blockable by guts . holding out unite hand will make you immune to fire , unite sword makes you immune to lasers and electricity , and unify naginata will reflect projectile drills , but spikes , drills , blades , claws , and explosions can not be blocked by anything . they have to be avoided or dodged with spring instead . note however that swords small enough to be wielded by one person can be blocked .
enemy scripting tends to keep them from activating until the player has arrived in the area . gunfire within their " arena " will alert them , but generally they are already active by then . walking and crouching does not have any game effect on detection . most detection is not  it is scripted activation , not ai detection . enemies are insensitive to light levels . the flashlight does not alert them to your presence . usually they already act like they know you are there . hiding and line-of-sight is not a notable game mechanic . enemies either know you are there or they do not  once activated , they will know where you are at all times ( unless of course they are acting out a " where is the target " scripted scene , which happens but is limited to fixed moments in the game ) . enemies are alerted forever , and all enemies in an arena 's group will activate at the same time as soon as you arrive at the trigger location . they do not deactivate or engage in a search routine like in stealth-based games . enemy activation is mostly or entirely scripted . you generally can not avoid detection , although you sometimes have a second or two between when the script triggers and when the script makes the enemy start acting like it is aware of you . you can get off a few shots in that time , but there is no way to avoid activation once their script starts running . the different categories of enemies are scripted to act differently . combine soldiers and support creatures generally behave as if they are using networked/radio intelligence on your location . animals and xenofauna behave more like animals , using different triggers ( e . g . stepping on sand near antlions , water creatures ignoring you until you are in the water ) to activate .
preference in my opinion you should not punish your non-gaming laptop usage just to run some game at a resolution lower than what is native . moral : go as high as you had like , 1920x1080 works well go me . i would also recommend , if you have a desktop and a laptop , to get the same resolution on your laptop as your desktop monitor . performance my laptop is 1920x1080 and i have played everything from wow to dawn of war 2 to left 4 dead 1/2 etc . it is 3yrs old and has a " nvidia geforce 8600m gt " . i would say i am often dropping the resolution below native , but it does not really bother me that much . in fact i am often dropping it into windowed mode , as my laptop gaming is more casual , and i like to be able to alt-tab whenever i feel like it . final thought you mileage may vary but : you should not be afraid of dropping your resolution below native when gaming on a laptop . other 's may disagree , but that is my opinion . check our morinar 's this response to stretching resolutions on a laptop : stackexchange-url
you need to : push all the way to the top right corner . if you use the gunner , you can use right click quickly to align your beams downwards and try to damage some of the bullet-spamming ships , just to avoid taking chances . the right position to be , then , is where you are damaging some of the ships below you . 10 seconds left . move swiftly to the left while keeping as high as possible as soon as the ships start firing straight at you . this lets you miraculously evade the bulk of the bullets . 7 seconds left . move to the right again to dodge everything again . 3 seconds left . go down a bit or you will be killed by a bullet that travels along the top border of the screen , and just dodge the remainder of the bullets .
yes , you can definitely grab gold bags during cutscenes . in fact , some will only be visible in cutscenes . also remember that you can find keys and potions lying around too .
assuming you did not let energy armor decay , it is likely due to the force armor hotfix - amount of damage absorbed from a single attack will now cap at 100% of a players maximum life . though this is poorly worded , this basically means that while force armor will trigger on any hit larger than 35% of your health pool , it will not absorb more than 100% of your life in damage - for example , with your 23,000 life , if you were to take a hit for 60,000 damage , force armor will attempt to reduce it to 35% of your total life - 8,050 damage . however , since it is not able to absorb more than 100% of your life , it can not reduce it below 37,000 total damage , thus killing you in one shot .
deus ex was released for mac in 2000 , but it was for powerpc macs , and as such is no longer supported on any recent version of mac os . wikipedia points out : the pc version will run on intel-based macs using crossover , boot camp or other software to enable a compatible version of microsoft windows to run on a mac . so you could use something along the lines of vmware fusion to run windows on your mac , should you choose . i have not used virtualbox to run windows on a mac , but that is another option . this would require you to own a license for a version of windows , plus a copy of vmware fusion , virtualbox , or apple 's own bootcamp . you could also try using darwine or some other variant of wine to run the game , which would not require vmware or a copy of windows . word is that this method works well , although it likely will require some tweaking and config file editing , so if that sort of thing makes you squeamish , you have been warned . since the game was released for mac os 9 , if you had a mac os copy of the game , you might be able to get it going with sheepshaver . again , not for the weak of heart , but possible . there was no xbox or xbox 360 version of deus ex , so having an xbox will not help . however , it was ported to the ps2 , if you could turn one of those up plus a copy of the ps2 port . finally , if you could find an old laptop or computer from the last 10 years that nobody minds you borrowing , you could just run it natively in windows , as warren spector intended . the original game is still available , it is on steam , for instance . there is really very little plot-wise that connects the two games ( a few minor things you might not catch if you have not already played de . most of it is past the end credits , and little to nothing carries over between hr and de2 ) . plus human revolution is a prequel , so you could play this game first , then play deus ex , which would be , in effect , playing them in chronological order .
i believe they actually have to be loaded in memory , going by this page from the minecraft wiki : trees will only grow if they are planted on a chunk of the map that is loaded into memory . if you plant saplings and then explore another more distant area of your world for a few minecraft days , they will still be saplings when you return .
currently single-player commands is not available for minecraft 1.8 edit : spc for 1.8 is now out ! however , once it does become available , this is how you install it : download the . zip file extract it to some directory . go to the directory you just created . go to the run box ( winkey + r ) type in : %appdata%/.minecraft/bin look for a file called minecraft.jar rename that file to minecraft.jar.zip unzip it drag all files ending with .CLASS into the minecraft.jar folder ( all the files except worldedit . jar ) go back to the folder that has the minecraft.jar in it drag the WorldEdit.jar file into this directory . go back into the minecraft.jar folder delete the META-INF folder . you are done ! however , minecraft may not launch . if this happens , launch minecraft from the run box like this : java -Xms512m -Xmx1024m -cp "%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\*" -Djava.library.path="%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\\natives" net.minecraft.client.Minecraft  or , you could use the automated installer
according to the wiki : sheep can spawn on grass blocks with a 2x2x1 ( minimum ) space above them . as a passive mob , they also require light to spawn . wolves can spawn in grass , in forest and taiga biomes . it does not seem like there is anything to stop wolves and sheep spawning in the same area . however , the wiki also says : mobs will frequently spawn in groups with mobs of the same variety . randomness for animal spawning is derived from the world seed , which means that worlds with the same seed will generate chunks with the same animals in the same places . very rarely , new animals can spawn in already generated chunks , just like monsters do so it seems unlikely that killing the wolves will have any effect on whether you get sheep . if you want to get wool you will probably have to go exploring , but if you are lucky you might get sheep spawning in an area you have already explored .
yes . according to nisa 's official forums , the only significant edit was the removal of the bath mini games : the japanese version of the game contained a mini-game in which the player had to scrub/grope 2d depictions of female characters in a variety of bath scenes . the characters and surrounding audio/visual elements were extremely sexualized , and a number of the characters were depicted as potentially being pubescent or pre-pubescent . we decided to remove this content out of concern for the potential of receiving an ao rating from the esrb , which would prevent us from releasing the game . in addition , as a company , we did not want nisa to release or be known for content that could be seen as sexualizing or objectifying children in this way . as this system contained no real story elements or gameplay ( it was used to level up your characters , but the player 's inputs had no impact on the final stats ) we felt it was not a substantial loss of content . note that your characters will still level up as if you had viewed the scenes , so no gameplay functionality is lost . this is the same for all territories . our decision was not based on the reception in any one particular region . it was a sum-total decision based on a variety of factors . time and resources has made it unfeasible to release multiple versions of the game across different regions . they cannot release dlc with rating-affecting content because it would have to be rated and could change the game 's base rating : if you release dlc that has material that is potentially " more pertinent " to the esrb ( i.e. . objectionable ) then that dlc has to be submitted for rating , and it can potentially change the rating of the game itself . in this case , we would be facing the same issue as we faced in the beginning . so this is not an option . for the same reasons , we are also unable to release another version with all the content . other than that , they did some minor contextual dialogue edits to make them fit more in-line with the tone and may have toned down sadie a bit ( she is a little more extreme and blunt in the japanese delivery ) , but not in any way that loses meaning or affects the narrative .
pools of darkness for the c64 ? i am quite sure that secret of the silver blades was the last ad and d-game for the c64 . but if you are really talking about pools of darkness , here are some hints : take only human characters in your party . all other races have level limits for all classes but thief . in fact humans will often start with a higher level than the maximum level other races can achieve . take six fighting classes ( fighter , ranger , paladin ) in your party and level them until they got 2 attacks/round . that would be level 13 for fighters and paladins and level 15 for rangers . than change their classes : i recommend to change three of them to mage , one to cleric and one to thief . as soon as you get you characters up to level 14 ( or 16 , if they were rangers ) , they will get back their old abilities in addition to the abilities of the new class . so you have casters with lots of hp , that are able to use efficiently all kinds of weapons . instead of equipping you characters with heavy armour , give them rings of protection , cloaks , bracers , etc . . this way you will get the lowest ac . one of my characters got an ac of -21 wearing the following with dex 18: silver shield +5 , bracers ac2 , ring of prot . +3 , helm+4 , cloak of prot . +4 . when you have created new characters you can choose to modify their attributes with the fitting option in the main menue . you can keep your armour in the planes beyond limbo , if remove your characters from the party before going there and add one party-member as a dummy . after you arrived just replace the dummy with you original characters . i think you have to keep at least one character in you party before you add the dummy .
i am playing the english version of the game . to unlock most of the animals you have to complete challenges . these challenges appear at the bottom of the challenge list while playing survival mode . most of the animals unlock 1 animal via the aforementioned challenge . some unlock 2 , and a few ( 4 i think ) of the animals unlocked this way do not unlock any further animals ( the chimp and the second dinosaur do not unlock any ( that is as far as i have gotten on those unlock trees ) ) . the robot dogs seem to be unlocked via getting the true ending of the story .
you have to complete the story mission where angels fear to tread . spoiler : after you talk to roland and start part 2 of this mission , a cutscene will play and lilith will teleport you to marcus ' store room in sanctuary .
i tested this actually . took a while to grind so the eternal heart card would spawn on basement 1 . everything adds up . just because you can only see up to 12 containers ( of any kind ) doesnt mean that is the limit . i had managed to get up to 14 heart containers . that is , 12 full heart containers , and could still refill up to 2 empty non-displayed containers . then i lost count after getting several balls of steel pills @_@ tl ; dr : there are no limits on how many heart containers you can have , whether they are normal , soul or eternal heart containers . only 12 first containers are shown tho .
the game is saved right when you use the key so you can not save your keys that way . i found that out the hard way when i first opened the chest with my key ( when i did not want to yet ) , restarted ( without picking up the loot ) and found out i lost my key and had no loot .
after messing with various console commands , i figured out one way to solve it . i added lydia to the imperial legion faction with the following console commands : prid A2C94 addfac 2BF9A 1  i also had to use resetai on everyone involved ( i opted to just kill a few of them ) to make everyone put their weapons away .
no , there is no true 3d support built into diablo 3 , as "3d stereo displays are not officially supported " . it very well may be patched in after the initial glitches are ironed out . some users are playing with stereoscopic 3d using nvidia 's glasses as described here and one person references ctrl + t as the toggle , but it seems that this is nvidia 's technology and not built into diablo 3 itself .
the japanese spelling of fi 's name is \u30d5\u30a1\u30a4 , the romanization of which is fai . therefore , the english pronunciation would be fa\u026a ( english ipa ) , as in rhyming with the word " my . " ( you wrote this as " fy " . )
i do not believe that the steam connection settings are used in any meaningful way to effect download speeds . i know they are part of the steam hardware survey , but your download speed is simply a factor of the maximum speed your connection to the steam servers can sustain . the " time left " is a reflection of the amount of data left to transfer , and recent instantaneous speeds between your machine and the steam servers .
" respect " is the correct term here . respect has only one use in saints row 3 , and that is to level up and unlock new upgrades . generally then you buy the upgrades themselves with cash . the highest respect level is 50 , and you can earn respect in a million different ways - any time you see a little circle in the upper left with points counting upwards , you are earning respect . if you are respect level 50 , you get nothing from further respect . chances are by the time you finished the game you hit the cap , but you can still gain more easily through playing side missions or , really , doing whatever . specific choices have different outcomes when it comes to respect or cash bonuses . for instance , at the end of act 1 , your choice gives you 10% increase to either cash or respect earned from that point onward . thus , the difference in the choices amounts to " not much " - if you picked respect instead of cash , you had hit the level cap faster , and earn cash a little slower .
go to your my documents -> my games -> skyrim -> skyrim create a backup of the skyrim . ini file in case you need to change back later . open the file , then scroll down to where it says [ general ] ( for me it was at the top of the file ) . at the bottom of this section , add fdefaultfov=xx ( where xx is the fov value you want to change to ) , in your case it sounds like you want it to be 100 . save , exit , and play !
they need to be ported . the official line is that the psp xperia is a " playstation phone " and not a " playstation portable " . seems like a bit of a letdown if you ask me . here is a quote : " [ xperia play owners ] will have to repurchase the games , so it is not totally integrated . i think the exciting thing is that there are games which people are very , very aware of . "
there are multiple ways to play dishonored , if you are playing by killing and still remaining hidden shadow kill is a useful skill as you do not have to take care of the bodies which can tip off enemies . as to your second question , a body being found also produces chaos in addition to that of killing .
i found some good information here : dragonvale kairos dragon " you cannot breed or buy kairos , you have to summon him ! first you have to buy the perch of kairos ( 750,000 coins ) . then you need to gather three artifacts : the chronolith , the time claw and the statue of kairos . the artifacts are built by collecting 21 time fragments . they can be won on the dragon races or bought for 2,700 gems total . "
no . the broker fee is the price of creating the order . the fee can be lowered with a skill , and/or by having high standings with the corp that owns the station that the order is created at , but it cannot be eliminated and it is never returned .
i would update adobe air at www.adobe.com and run a graphic card driver update search on the website of the kind of card you got its much more precise .
alt+left click the minimap as if you were pinging , and immediately ' ping ' again on another part of the map . it'll draw a white , straight line . you can add a 3rd ' ping ' for a 2nd straight line . to my knowledge , the lines cannot be shaped or curved , etc . you also have to give it a few seconds before re-drawing , presumably to prevent people from spamming it .
you can earn a heart piece if you catch a fish as a kid , and the golden scale ( which allows deeper , longer diving ) as an adult . as per krazer , in the comments , there is a 50 rupee reward from catching the loach , and the owner will refuse to keep it in the fish tank ( where your record catch is usually displayed ) .
you will never beat it , it is endless like temple run . in the words of the great clevland brown : you never win , you just do a little better every time .
i have tried the trial version of textexpander and it seems to work in starcraft ii in fullscreen . i do not have diablo iii beta access so i can not truly say if it'll work but since they are both blizzard games , the chances are high .
if you do not have a key for the original supreme commander you will be limited to only playing the new faction the seraphim in online play . the campaign for forged alliance is significantly shorter than the original game . forged alliance contains a total of six missions ( for which you can choose to play as uef , aion or cybran ) . the original game contains eighteen missions in total ( six for each faction ) .
very good question , i am pretty sure i have figured it out and its a bit disappointing . i think i know this for version 1.2.1 . also i think there is a bug in the scoring . you get a fixed amount of points for killing creeps ( differs per wave ) and for lives left after wave 20 ( 2000 per life ) . besides that you get points for calling a wave early , 250 per wave , going down if you wait longer . however if you call the wave before the previous wave is dead ( an the timer for the next wave starts ) you do not get any points , i think that is a bug . one thing i have not explicitly checked is if you get more points for fast forward , but i am pretty sure you do not . this sadly enough also means that the absolute max score lies somewhere around 57.500-58.000 points when playing on hard , even when you easily beat all the waves there is no way to get a higher score . i hope the developers add an infinite waves mode , fix the bugs with sending waves early and allowing 2 waves at the same time and/or add an extra difficulty level . cause it would easily make me play all levels another 10 times ; )
the decision is based upon how many roaches you have versus how many roaches they have and if you have to engage them in a battle right at that moment . in this type of mirror match you always want to try to catch them not watching or when you have an advantage . lets take a look at the two abilities . fungal growth : aoe damage , 30 ( 40 to armored ) over 4 seconds . casted by the player . holds the affected targets in place . spawn infested terran : eggs that take 5 seconds to hatch , have a 100 health . hatched infested terran has 50 health , lives for 30 seconds and does 8 base damage per attack . at a quick look the fungal does more damage straight up . but there are hidden bonuses that casting infested terran has . for starters their eggs soak up a lot of extra damage . at 100 health , that is 100 damage that your roaches are not taking . and they also spit out a little damage back , and in large number do significant damage , especially if they are upgraded . but mainly infested terrans are there for soaking up damage in the scenario of this question . if you have more roaches , you always want to use fungals over infested marines . you want to hold his army in place so that you can destroy it while keeping your army . if you have a lot of energy throw in infested terrans too so they can soak up damage as mentioned before . the less damage your roaches take , the better . you want to save energy for more fungals for the next engagement so you do not want to spend all your energy on spawning infested terrans in your fight ( unless it is the killing blow , or it is going to be really close battle ) . if you do not have enough energy to fungal and you see that they have more roaches and a few infestors , run . it is the exact opposite of the situation above and your army will be held in place and decimated . their fungals will hold you in place and your infested terrans will not do anything against their army . you want to reinforce your army and try to take them on when you can fungal as well . otherwise you are engaging at a dps disadvantage . long story short , you always want to save your energy for fungal growth because it does more damage . when roaches are clumped up , you can catch somewhere around 7 to 8 roaches . at 7 roaches , that is 280 damage for one cast costing 75 energy . even when they are spread out in the arc of roaches vs roaches you will catch at least 4 per cast , that is still 160 damage done by fungal . by comparison a single infested terran egg for 50 energy will be killed off by those 4 or 7 roaches before they even hatch . so if you do not have enough energy for a fungal , run away until you do because that much damage during a battle makes a really significant difference in the outcome . you may be choosing to lose a base at this point , but it is definitely worth losing 300 minerals than losing your whole army .
there are several things that can cause a deal to be canceled : the customer ( the one with the trash ) does not have a minimum amount of money in the bank . something like twice the cities total budget for a month . if you are out of money , your only option is loading from where you saved the city last , or taking out a loan . i have had this kill cities before . service provider ( the one burning the trash ) does not have enough capacity . note that when you are playing as the customer , the service provider 's info is locked in : the capacity for each month and the total trash collected do not change no matter how many months you play as the customer . this means there is no chance the service provider 's land fills are full , but rather that the customer is making too much trash each month for the service provider to take . the connection is broken . simple enough , the roads/powerlines/pipes have been demolished due to a mis-click or disaster or something . in any of these cases , the deal is canceled automatically . you will have to open both cities , check that everything is ok , then re-initiate the deal . also , i believe you sometimes have to run a month in either city for any correction you have made ( such as building more landfill ) to be recognized , and allow you to restart the deal .
it will become available when you start the expansion . that skill tree ( among others ) is only available at that point . new characters made explicitly for the expansion ( not from origins carried forward ) will have the expansion trees available immediately upon creation .
for the most part no , console versions of harvest moon have not yet , to my knowledge ; i have played 5 of them to date and found no evidence of the latest ones having multiplayer . the portable console harvest moons have had some small multiplayer aspects ; harvest moon gbc 2 and 3 had trading features but no gameplay , but harvest moon : tale of two towns has simultaneous multiplayer in the multiplayer field . sounds like the 3ds version has improved multiplayer aspects like street pass ( and better resolution ) . tale of two towns is by far the closest to what you are after . rune factory 3 , also for the ds , is an rpg style spin off that has some of the core farming gameplay which also has a multiplayer dungeon . it would be the best/deepest multiplayer experience , but incorporates many rpg elements like combat as well as farming .
the damage type is fire . i would , however , focus more on building so that they will not ever hit you or your crystal , seeing as they get pretty powerful . source for damage type : http://dungeondefenders.wikia.com/wiki/kobold
you can sabotage the cure in me3 , if you have high enough pa/re ranking in that way mordin lives , you can also sabotage it by killing mordin at the end and you can do it without high pa/re ranking .
it is needed to install sourcemod and advertisements plugin . it has all the documentation . here is an example of advertisements . txt :
que faire ? it unlocks the library option in the cabin of the asmodeus . it is filled with a lot of lore and backstory ( everyday life , differences between the races , currency , history , etc . ) about the world ( shepherd ) not discussed about or touched upon in game . all of them have pretty straight forward descriptions , except for geography ( based on playtime , most ppl say ~40 hours should be enough ) and technology ( how far you advance in the story/quests ) . for races , you can talk to the same person more than once as long as you exit the area and come back ( you have to talk to ~25 ppl for it to advance a bit , i think ) .
lightning only strikes straight down , but can transform a pig within 3-4 blocks of the lightning strike . therefore , to keep your pigs safe from lightning storms , their shed has to be built so that it keeps them at least 5 blocks away from the outside sky . building a 5 block wide overhang around the shed roof should do it . alternatively , make your barn so that the pigs are in an inner chamber , with less " volatile " livestock like chickens and cows in the chambers near the walls .
shields act as health - which means that they have the same damage resistances as the character they were used on . this means that , for instance , a 1000 hitpoint shield will only give 1000 points of absorbed damage on a champion with 0 armor and mr . usually , it is a fair bit more than this . the thing is , in league of legends , it is much easier to increase offense than defense . carries are focus targets to begin with , so even a 1000 point shield goes down fast under 3-4 different champions attacking it . most endgame carries can crit each other for over 600 , easily . ultimately , shields might go down fast , but you are effectively giving them temporary health , not a simple damage reduction .
as with almost every melee weapon , the answer is almost never . this is especially true with the heavy- you have the strongest short range weapon in the game as your primary weapon and you are far too slow to easily punch anyone . even if you are out of ammo , punching someone is still a bad idea . a non-critical melee attack usually* deals 65 damage and takes almost a second between attacks . this gives your target plenty of time to back away and shoot you . at this point there is nothing you can do to your target- they are faster than you . if you are looking for a weapon that does not need spinning up , use one of the heavy 's shotguns . the real use for your fists is you can swap them for either the gloves of running urgently , which cause you to run faster and take minicrits when wielded or the fists of steel , which reduce incoming ranged damage and increase incoming melee damage when wielded . *scout , spy and certain unlockable melee weapons change this .
qwop has an ending . it also has two boss fights ! the first boss fight appears at the 50m mark and will surprise you completely when you first encounter it . it is easier than it looks though , a straight kick will assure victory . the final boss appears at the 100m mark and you probably will not win but you can not lose either . there are ways to ensure victory , such as getting into a low position where you can slowly twitch your way to the finish line , but it is easier to just watch the online videos .
first thing first : gear drop level ( understand quality ) is tied to your character 's level ( 1-70 ) ; you can loot the same quality legendaries/gear when you are level 70 in normal difficulty or torment 6 . then the answer is no , but the phenomenon you are witnessing can be easily explained : a well geared character has pieces of equipment that synergize well together ( crit damage , crit chance , intelligence in your case , attack speed , etc . ) for an overall good dps . since your wizard is well geared any piece of equipment you add will synergize with the others . let 's take a quick example : if your gear brings you a lots of crit damage already , a new piece of equipment that brings some crit chance will fit well with your overall gear . this explains why when you loot something for your wizard , since your gear is good you might not have a dps upgrade . however , the loot still syngerizes with the rest of the gear and so the dps drop is not that much . on the other hand your demon hunter does not appear well geared meaning that the chance of a new loot synergizing and thus increasing your dps is very low . and a loot that lowers your dps will appear worse on your dh since the rest of your dh 's gear can not make up for its worse stats .
yes . if you die in the world beyond , your possessions do stay on the square where you were eaten . your fellow citizens can then travel to the square and retrieve them . if you die in your house , your possessions can also be retrieved ( stolen ) by other citizens , but your corpse is also left behind , and can wake up and kill everyone if it is not . . . taken care of . methods of ' taking care of ' include , but are not limited to watering , dragging out and barbecuing .
if multiple bonuses are set , that player would get the combined point total . in your example if the player rushed for 250 yards , he would get all 6 points . if a player only rushed for 210 yards , he would get 3 points . here is an example from my current yahoo fantasy league ( note the maximum points )
you can check the corresponding wiki page here , it give plenty of info . basically , in fallout 1 this is a random special encounter , while in f2 it can be obtained both in a random special encounter , and by a specific route . hope this helps .
i have not played this game , but i found a youtube video which has your answer . in it , a tip pops up on screen and says , " up ahead are some obstacles on the road . if you hit them with your oxen or wagon , they will get harmed . the faster you are going , the greater the damage . . . " the trade off would be greater damage from obstacles . to specifically answer whether whipping oxen hurts them , no , your oxen are not hurt by being whipped , but the whip makes them move faster which causes them and the wagon to sustain more damage when you hit obstacles .
i think there are only some ui changes in the versions for windows vista and windows 7 . the following blog entry gives nice details : the ui design minefield - er . . . flower field ? ?
http://m.ign.com/articles/1153613 it looks like there are unlockables like weapons and medals . i do not see achievements . the link above has a list of all the unlockables . unlockables will carry over to the release version .
i have not been able to find any official source , but i did some testing , and it does not seem to be affected by weapon/trap choice , combo-length , or kill-streak . in short , it is probably completely random , just like the coin-drops from the scavenger trinket .
no , it is not possible to view the current level of stock while restocking within that same store . the only indication of current level stock is shown while looking at the tower ( not the specific restocking floor ) if it is > 0 as ebongo stated . view the screen shots below . here you notice , you can view the current stock level of each item while not restocking any other item . below is shown the same floor being restocked . now it only shows the progress level of restocking and currently stocked information is hidden .
patience is going to be your best shot . i have almost exclusively used the great scythe for all my fights against o and s so i have got quite a bit of experience there . it is tricky because you can not do locked attacks on smough otherwise your scythe will just hit his hammer and you can only do one attack at a time otherwise you run out of stamina for dodging . i recommend using solaire as he is great for pulling one if not both of them long enough for you to get some dps down . i prefer killing smough first because i feel that ornstein 's second fight phase is much easier than his first . he does gain some of smough 's aoe but he still has much narrower hitboxes and you can easily fight right underneath his spear . the only time you need to get out is when he does his electric belly flop , then use the scythe is 2h r2 attack as a gapcloser to get back in fighting range . in regards to your comment about quelaag 's furysword , i would recommend against using it for o and s for the sole reason that its hitboxes are really funky . i have tried using it and smough wound up passively blocking most of my swings with his hammer . couple this with its low-ish base damage and lower scaling than the scythe and you are in for a long fight . i would stick with your uchigatana and great scythe for this fight depending on which you are more comfortable with . the nice thing about those two is that you can also enchant them for extra damage ( darkmoon blade/sunlight blade if you have faith , crystal magic weapon if you have int , and charcoal pine resin/gold pine resin if you do not have either of the previous options ) . i have always gone for glass cannon builds , using crystal magic weapon and power within to significantly boost my dps in fights but it all boils down to how patiently can you fight . pay attention , learn their attack queues , and do not burn up all your stamina .
use the slime skill " red wall " on chie , to grant her fire resistance . its learned by slime at level 4 , and from there you can fuse it onto another more useful persona . doing this is a better strategy than having chie defend because chie 's mabufu will be a substantial part of your damage dealing ability .
it will not be long before you : discover your homestead , at which point you can send items there by right-clicking them . until then , between four characters you should have sufficient carrying capacity to just keep it all in your inventory . but if you do not , pick any spot you can easily get back to later ( near a portal ) and drop stuff on the ground or shove it in a chest . if you want , you can even pick up chests , barrels or crates ( may require some strength or telekinesis ) and put them where you want them . the forge behind the abandoned shop in cyseal is a nice location for that .
you can not carry heavy weapons around in this game . if you switch from them , you drop them . when you pick up a heavy weapon , it temporarily replaces your current weapon from the weapon select wheel - the reason you could not find your assault rifle was because you technically still had it as your active weapon . so you then switched to your pistol , which dropped the heavy weapon ( on the ground nearby , able to be picked up again ) . after this , your assault rifle should have been selectable again . did you only try to switch to the assault rifle while you were carrying the reaper blackstar ( the heavy weapon you found ) ?
i would be shocked if they ever re-used a key , ever . an xbox key is a 25 character long string which can take letters or number . it does not differentiate uppercase from lower case . the number of possible combinations is thus : 24+10 ( 25 ) or 10 38 . to give you an idea of how big of a number this is , there are an estimated ~10 23 stars in the universe . if each of those stars had 1 planets around them , and each planet was inhabited by 1 billion people , and each person redeemed 1 million codes per decade . it would take 1 million years before they ran out of codes . for xbox to reuse codes they would have to implement an entire second system to recycle codes with 0 actual benefit . i think it is a very safe assumption to say xbox does not reuse codes .
is it possible to accidentally kill a wild pet while trying to tame them ? yes . if your pet is significantly stronger than the wild pet , they could deal enough damage ( either normally or via a critical hit ) to take the wild pet directly from above 35% to dead in one hit . if this happens , you are stuck looking for a new wild pet . can you use all three pets on your team to defeat a wild pet or is it just one on one ? all of them . i let my first battle pet die ( by repeatedly casting a non-damaging skill ) , and my second battle pet came in to continue the fight against the wild pet . once captured , do they level up to an appropriate level for your pet battling , or do you need to level each up individually ? they do not level up to an appropriate level . however , they do retain the level at which you trapped them . if they were level 2 when you fought them , they will remain level 2 . they will not regress to level 1 but they may drop a level or two if they are over level 15 . catching any pet level 15 or under retains its current level . catching a level 16-20 pet will lose 1 level . catching a level 21-25 pet will lose 2 levels . we have dramatically reduced the xp required to level for pets after level 10 . source
there is no increase in performance . i majored in psychology and while there where no experiments specifically on games inverted vs non-inverted there are many studies on using remote devices where input is not only inverted but the left-right movement is also switched . these include not only machine operations but also surgical equipment . there is a penalty during the learning process but after a period of practice there was no difference in response times or accuracy for the controls being " backward " . if you have a nearby university you can look up the papers in various psychology journals . so @edward black the brain simply does not work like you think it does . it is so efficient because it can create shortcuts . plus if you look up how the eyeball/brain work together you would see that your logic is simply wrong . i know why i like to play inverted . i started gaming on the c64 and on a couple of the flight simulators i played you where forced to use the " inverted " control scheme . those where the games i learned to control the y-axis on and that is what i continued to use .
this question is ultimately down to how much you play , there are already answers both for and against you making back the cost of diablo 3 on this question . the truth is that if you play very little then no - it is unlikely you will make your money back . however over time you may get lucky with individual drops that you may wish to sell on the auction house . it is not possible to give a definitive answer against making your money back . if you play frequently then yes it is perfectly reasonable that you will make back the cost of the game . i personally have already made mine back and i know many others who have as well but this is from the point of view of having played for 300+ hours in a little over a month since diablo 3 was released . this all basically comes down to how long it takes you to get to the ' inferno ' difficulty , and how frequently you play the game within this difficulty . once you get further into inferno difficulty ( act 2+ ) about 5% of the items that drop on average will be of a quality that people are looking for when they are willing to spend real money . the method that i have used is selling lots of items at low prices , but in contrast to this others have made the full cost of the game back in a single transaction . the other thing to bare in mind , is that as more players get into this difficulty , the value of the market will begin to decrease over time as more items will become available to more players - again further demonstrating the inability to give a definitive answer to this question .
yes , achievements are now linkable in chat . from patch 1.05 : battle .netthe " friend of friend " feature for finding and adding real id friends is now available for diablo iii a new item delivery system has been added that will allow blizzard to send license-based items directly to players ( for example , collector 's edition rewards ) achievements an achievement button has been added to the in-game navigation tray players can now link achievements in chat
i am fairly certain that you are safe selling anything and everything you find . most items are obtainable multiple times , and even the unique ones dropped by bosses will drop again if you go through that dungeon again . in the case of the very odd vase , that is only dropped from the boss on the 15th floor of jade way , and randomly purchasable through customers , making it a bit uncommon . while i am pretty sure that the vase is not used for anything important later on in the game , you may want to double check the recettear wiki 's fusion table before selling items , as it could be a pain in the neck trying to find these useful items again after you have sold them away . if you are ever unsure about an item 's value , and you are not still in the middle of the debt-paying phase , you can always keep the item on hand . apparently each saved game has a maximum limit of 15,000 items , so hoard away ! like you , i have yet to finish the game , so others can feel free to correct me if i am wrong in assuming that all items are re-obtainable .
no , this is completely possible to do without doing anything else outside the level . i was skeptical at first as well , but you just have to think about it a bit . as requested , no hint has been given .
despite the fact that you may have been pecking away at wandering pokemon for many , many turns , whenever you meet them , it starts a new battle , from turn 1 . this means that the quick ball has twice the capture rate ( x4 ) than that of the ultra ball ( x2 ) .
if you e-mail riot support they are usually willing to give one refund if you ask nicely , but this is rare because they are not supposed to .
zileas , design director for lol , explains : the system guesses how good you are based on who you beat and who you lose to . it tries to make matches where it thinks you have a 50/50 chance of winning . it knows pre-made teams are an advantage , so it gives you tougher opponents when you are in a pre-made team . we did fancy math to make the pre-made teams vs solo players matching fair . i even ran it by two math ph . ds and they said it made sense ! you can read the full shebang here . basically , a custom elo derivative is used to rank players and power the matchmaking system , so that you are paired with similarly ranked teams .
taken from the wiki : the me pattern provider stores up to 54 me encoded assembler pattern ' s inside of it .
eorlund gray-mane ; the blacksmith who owns the skyforge in whiterun .
after looking around the ui for a bit , i can conclude that there is currently no way of doing this in a straight-forward manner .
leveling up your panel on the command board will increase the cp/exp you get when the game ends . it is influenced by its value of the panel , or the price you paid for it ( not what other players pay when they land on it ) . press ( circle ) on the panel to see the value . the placement of the panels matter as well . example if you land on a command panel ( not a bonus panel [ no star ] ) that costs 300bp and set a lvl1 command on it , the value of the panel will be 300bp , the cost to your opponents that land on the tile will be ~50bp . if you level it up to lvl5 by paying 2000bp , now your panel with lvl1 command is worth 2300bp , cost to land on the panel will be ~1000bp ) if you purchase two or more panels adjacent to each other with a card of the same type ( they will be the same color : magic cards , attack cards , crown cards , etc . ) , they will form a chain and increase each other 's value by 10% . when you finish the board game , that lv1 command will receive cp/exp proportional to its value ( in other words , you will not will not get exactly 2300cp if the value of the panel is 2300bp ) . you will get a bonus to cp/exp if you come in first place as well . you can buy an opponent 's panel by paying five times the value of the land . if you do , you will gain w/e commands are set to that panel .
the box / card version of art academy contains the following lessons : lesson 1: tutorial ( draw a circle with the pencil . ) lesson 2: tutorial ( blue lines with the paint brushes . ) lesson 3: tree ( pen and pencil combined ) lesson 4: pear ( in-depth pencil and lighting techniques ) [ minilesson : pepper ] lesson 5: lime ( moving from large areas to details with the brushes ) [ minilesson : apple and peach ] lesson 6: wave ( wet brushes ) [ minilessons : dolphin , seascape ] lesson 7: yellow lilly ( color theory , expressionist techniques ) [ minilesson : pink lilly ] lesson 8: puppy ( handling eyes and dark areas ) [ minilesson : cat ] lesson 9: swan ( advanced color , impressionist techniques ) [ minilessons : rooster , goose ] lesson 10: landscape ( use all previous skills , aerial perspective ) [ minilessons : mountain , riverbank ] if the box version of art academy contains both semester 1 and 2 , then semester 2 must include whatever 's in the list above , but not in semester 1 .
no you cannot . the game is only available from the play store , for android , or itunes for ios , and you must purchase it from there . it is a separate product , so it is exempt from the alpha/beta all/until release future editions free promise .
" the unkempt harold is obtained randomly from any suitable loot source but has an increased chance to drop from savage lee . it can also be purchased from a torgue vending machine as the item of the day . " - borderlands wiki , " unkempt harold " article if you are using gibbed 's save editor , you can also add it into your backpack by pasting the following code : BL2(hwAAAADKbQCFBwVACAEE2sN4hWEQQwHG/////xow/v8fxECCcRHj) in the save editor . make sure to sync its level ( manufacturer grade ) to be equal or lower to yours so you can use it . the code will add a " double penetrating unkempt harold " ( will fire two spreads with one shot ) . its special parts are : balance : gd_weap_pistol . a_weapons_legendary . pistol_torgue_5_calla barrel : gd_weap_pistol . barrel . pistol_barrel_torgue_calla material : gd_weap_pistol . manufacturermaterials . mat_torgue_5_legendary
assuming you are the mid lane , you should gank top and bottom lanes more frequently than if you had a jungler , the following are just general guidelines to bare in mind before/during/after ganking . before make sure mid lane is not pushed and that either enemy mid lane pilled back or you killed him . check both side lanes for enemies overextending and being below half health . either ping and type in chat your intention to gank , if possible ask whether the side bushes are warded , this will save you time and lost exp/gold from minion kills . depending on the champion you are playing you will most likely need to be at least 6 to make use of your ultimate . make sure you have your summoner spells not in cooldown , successful ganks can be determined on this , wise use of ignite/exhaust and ghost/flash to catch up will almost guarantee a kill/assist . to answer one of your questions determining when is early or late , usually mid towers are taken down in 15-20 minutes of gameplay , you should not gank if you are going to loose mid tower as it is the most important tower you have , therefore taking into account the things i mentioned above too early would be not having more than one of the aforementioned ; as simple as it is , too late is whenever the side lane towers were taken down and you had the opportunity to gank . during make sure you and your teammates focus the weakest/most important target . do not tower dive if the gank is most likely to fail , it is not worth to get 1x2 . do not ignore minions during the gank , specially if you are below 1/4 health ! beware of the purple caster minion ( specially during early game ) ! after after a successful gank from mid , you can either push the lane you just ganked in order to get the tower gold and experience , this should be done if you can be aware that a counter gank is not going to happen and also if mid lane is not being pushed . if you are not going to push the tower , you should leave the lane for your teammates to farm gold . if you ganked bottom lane and if you and your teammates have the appropriate map control you can all get dragon , it gives global gold as taking a tower does , but it is worth more during early/mid game . at what time do i expect a gank ? expect a gank anytime when you see the lane not being pushed and 1 or more of the enemy champions missing in action , expect a gank whenever the enemy lane becomes over confident being below half health , meaning you are being lured into a trap . expect a gank when killing enemy blue/red and whenever killing baron and dragon . best counter gank : proper warding of the map
the shotgun receiver is unlocked at level 20 .
i personally use the microsoft natural ergonomic 4000 at work and home ( including lots of pc gaming ) . it looks quite similar in layout to the keyboard you mentioned . i have only been bothered by it while gaming on a few occasions over the last 5+ years of using it , and it is usually due to an awkwardly keypress . this is almost always resolvable by remapping the key to something on the left half . to answer your question as well as i can ( without having used the exact keyboard you are looking at ) is that you should not hesitate to get an ergonomic keyboard - the day to day benefits of lowered rsi risk far outweigh any negative gaming aspects .
you can see the global chat by going to the menu " esc " and picking the " global tab " in the social menu , top right . but you can not see the contents of the chat during gameplay , that is reserved for the lobby chat , so every time you want to take a look at the global chat you cant move while you are doing it .
your best bet is to run to the depot and grab a flamethrower . those things take out hardsuits fairly quickly . the problem is that you need to get within range . if that is difficult , getting your team to focus them down is the best bet .
it does not . you will notice that since then , wheatley 's eye appears cracked . take a gander .
in order to acquire the xenon hub mini-plot , you must meet the following requirements : started with the albion plot enabled completed the albion plot have a boron rank of queen 's guard ( or higher ) found atreus ' headquarters if you have met those requirements , you should receive the following message : this is an automated message offering you , an esteemed friend of the boron , the opportunity to work for atreus shipbuilding currents in queen 's harbour . please visit us to see what we can offer each other . at which point you will need to travel to atreus ' headquarters in queen 's harbor to contact gili tosi . source
tenacity only matters if you get subjected to a tenacity-able cc effect . on teams which favor mostly knockups or suppressions as their hard cc , for instance , tenacity is useless ( as it does not reduce knockup or suppression duration ) . this brings us to our second point : do not go into games with your heart set on a specific pair of boots . adjust your build to best combat the team you are fighting against . folks do not not buy merc treads because tenacity is useless ( it is not ) , they buy tabis instead because they are more useful against the opponent team .
without knowing the inner workings of their matchmaking algorithm , first and foremost i believe the matchmaking is by location-- or more specifically , connection speed , which usually means location as well . it searches for other consoles whose ping is under a certain threshold , and if it finds none , it increases the threshold until a good game is found . as to whether they use other criteria on top of that , i have never noticed any kind of pattern . i am speaking from experience based on mw2 ; it is possible that they have changed the algorithm since then , but i doubt it . improvements ? in the cod franchise ? psh .
those large robots are exceptional mini-bosses , and only appear in set-piece fights . therefore , they are not subject to the instant death rule from typhoon blasts . however , the typhoon should still do very high damage to them . iirc , two blasts should be a kill .
yes , you can . you still have to have a valid sc1 account though . and it uses classic battle .net, so you can not hook up with realid friends from sc2 and wow .
for roughly every 12 dalmatians you find , you get a prize from pongo and perdita . these prizes range from ship gummies , to accessories and synthesis materials . additionally , finding all 99 dalmatians awards you with an upgrade to the aero spell , and access to the " secret ending " at the end of the game .
in general you will want to max out your defense units . this will actually lead to a pretty good award boosting your xp gains by quite a bit if you can keep the defense units maxed out for the entire round with out losing one . once that has been taken care of you can start to upgrade . focus on key choke points and consider upgrading vs repair when appropriate ( remember you will suck in any size mana gem around you for being even 1 point below max so that repair can end up being very costly ) . also of note , is that while the damage bonus to upgraded turrets is nice you will often find yourself upgrading them more because of their durability . do not get me wrong , the damage increase is very nice , but knight 's defense having more health , the monk auras longer life and the huntress traps more trigger counts are also very key reasons to upgrade them , so they can last with out you being there . lastly , as yx . mentions is the blocking of enemies . some turrets ( ie knights ) do this better than others ( monks/huntress ) . controlling the flow of the enemies is also often very key so the quantity of the towers can be more important than the damage they do as well .
you received an email when you bought game dev tycoon via fastspring . in that email , you have multiple download links . just redownload the game and reinstall it . that is all you need to do . alternatively , you could activate your game via steam and enjoy the automatic updating there . you should have received an email with your steam key a while ago .
according to wikipedia : 4x games are a genre of strategy video game in which players control an empire and " explore , expand , exploit , and exterminate " .
the takeaway i got from a 5 page thread amid discussions of java sdks and iphone vs g1 , is that it can be done only when you are lucky , where luck is defined as getting great powerups for the back row and getting almost no red waves until level 15 or so ; and even then , very few . later you want no blue waves . the other important note is that the end goal setup for past level 15 is to have 2 large and powered up red turrets on each of the 2 back areas , and 2 large blue turrets in the forefront . it is obvious otherwise that you must start with 2 red turrets . do not use green turrets on this level due to the missile lag . here 's what living to wave 48 might look like :
a fully manned brutal mission under default settings features a swarm that has 2.6 times as much health as it has under a fully manned normal game . the damage dealt is also scaled by 2.6 times . additonally both the swarm and the players are faster , although i do not think they are any faster than they are in insane ( that is 20% faster for aliens and 4.8% faster for marines ) . from sdk_src\game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules.cpp: . . . where GetMissionDifficulty() returns 13 ( for brutal , 10 for insane , 7 for hard , 5 for normal , 3 for easy ) , with one point deducted per missing marine ( and a hard lower limit of 2 ) . ( comments within /* */ are mine . )
it happens when you are ready to put all of your cards on the table , right before you attack the cerberus base head-on in search of the prothean v.i. you will have the typical " are you sure ? " dialogue ( with admiral hackett ) once you go to begin this mission . as caulyndarr notes , the actual paramour achievement itself is awarded earlier in the game following the cerberus attack on the citadel while i am unsure of the specifics for all available romance options , a " successful " relationship with liara in my playthrough revolved around three key conversation events : liara asks about your other romance option in mass effect 2 , if you had one liara asks you to come to the presidium commons on the citadel ( paramour achievement is awarded at this point ) liara visits you in your cabin prior to the final mission
katarina 's ultimate , death lotus is a channeled ability ( as you may notice in the cast bar that appears and counts down ) . like any other channeled ability , taking any other action , such as using an item like zhonya 's hourglass , will interrupt the channel . other champions , for instance , fiddlesticks , kennen , or morganna , do not need to channel to maintain their ultimate , meaning zhonya 's can be used to safely shield them for its duration .
so i did a bunch of testing on this tonight . this is what i have found : the nutshot and the testicle assault do not have to be done on the same enemy . the achievement simply pops after you have done each activity the first time . i killed a gang member via testicular assault without doing a nutshot on him and acquired the achievement . you need to actually kill the enemy via testicular assault in order to get the achievement . you will know when you have done this because you will see a popup for respect with the name testicular manslaughter . hitting an enemy twice with a testicular assault will get this done . it does have to be done on a male character . i tried doing testicular assaults on female gang members , and while i was able to kill them and they did the animation , i did not get credit for a testicular manslaughter .
by default , you can zoom in and shift your camera 's perspective slightly by using your mouse 's scroll wheel . scroll forwards to zoom in , scroll backwards to zoom out .
this can be done without the piston at all . if a cart is sitting on an inactive powered rail which begins receiving power , it will start moving as long as there is only one direction for it to go . this occurs if the powered rail is sloped ( you will go downhill ) , or the cart 's travel in one direction is blocked by a wall . you can use this to start from the end of a track by placing a wall : or in the middle of a track using a dip : ( images courtesy of the official wiki 's page on powered rails . )
i now found a solution in this news article ( german ) : if you remove the following registry key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\installer\userdata\s-1-5-18\products\1dc6aef331ae7ec47ae47aa4a4a0b7c5 you are able to install the demo while fifa 11 stays installed . you should make a backup though , so that you still can uninstall fifa 11 properly later .
when you die you die . if you notice , there are many different instances of the realm from the starting area . before the battle with oryx begins , he will tell you that the instance is locked " for you all to die alone . " unfortunately , this means you can not get back into that instance until oryx is cleared . if you spend about 20-30 minutes in an instance though , you will end up at oryx again before you know it . generally in the time it takes to get a character to 20 , you should see oryx at least once . and just some advice , i am a new player as well , but i pretty much always die at oryx if i try to fight him with the others . until you can get some good gear and maybe stat potions on a character you like , you would probably benefit to warp to nexus once you get to the actual battle with oryx . you can be one/two hitted even at level 20 if you are not extremely careful . you will still gain 2-4 levels on the way to fight him , but generally you will not get xp at the boss battle , nor will you get any drops if you hang around the edges just trying to survive . it is not really worth the risk of dying to stick around .
yes , there is another survivor in one of the cells , who will trade food for 10 revolver and 10 rifle ammo . you can find the food in the building where jimmy blake ( the guy you need the batteries for ) is on the roof . but depending on your playstyle , you might not need the ammo anyway . but keep in mind that jimmy blake will not come with you as a survivor if you do not give him the batteries . but if i remember correctly , there is not enough space in the car for everyone anyway . so , if you are happy with the amount of ammo you can just leave the side quest . you will just miss some irrelevant dialogue and jimmy as a survivor .
in singleplayer , the nether is not loaded by default , so any pigmen ( or other mobs ) that spawn in the overworld and wander through the portal do not move or count towards the mob count anymore , until you enter the nether . this is one way to get around the cap for naturally spawned mobs , storing the mobs in the nether until it is time to kill them . this can lead to dangerous ( for your computer/framerate ) amounts of mobs in the area around the portal once you do enter the nether though , so if it is not part of your design , turn off your portal before afking . doing so will also keep the pigmen from spawning in the overworld .
as per diablofans ' list from the bradygames strategy guide : firebats - reduced mana cost haunt - boosted damage poison darts - boosted damage spirit barrage - boosted damage plague of toads - boosted damage corpsespiders - ? ? ? ( transcribed improperly ) locust swarm - +% crit chance firebomb - reduced mana cost zombie charger - reduced mana cost wall of zombies - reduced cooldown time acid cloud - +% crit chance summon zombie dogs - reduced cooldown time . exact magnitude varies with level and the exact item . most of these show up on voodoomasks / dolls / ceremonial knives , but they can appear on regular helms , offhands , and weapons as well .
big bad voodoo does not really count as a pet , it is more like aoe ward . on lvl 30 you will get fetish army and it makes an easy achievement . also additional followers you get from quests like tyrael , leah . . . do not count . but main followers templar , enchantress and scoundrel do .
score is determined in several ways : speed to complete the mission player and team bonuses ( listed below ) killing enemies wave bonuses : immortal - did not die throughout the entire match invincible - did not take damage for an entire wave after the first knight - killed 10 enemies in 5 seconds lord - killed 50 enemies in 5 seconds strategist - scored the most tower kills banker - earned the most mana trigger happy - most first to ready for combat phase handy man - performed the most tower repairs janitor - scored the last kill in the wave chillax - moved the least distance in the wave flawless victory - no core damage after the first wave most valuable hero - scored the most player kills teamwork - completed a mission with 4 active players skin of your teeth - survived a wave after the first with &lt ; 100 crystal health points on at least medium difficulty first kill - scored the first kill in the wave mechanic - performed the most tower upgrades boss slayer - your hero or defense landed the killing blow on a boss master builder - kept full defense units throughout the wave master strategist - only used defenses to harm enemies after the first wave gunslinger - only used abilities/weapons to harm enemies after the first wave most valuable player - scored the most total kills i have read that the algorithm used to calculate the score is rather complex , but i have not been able to find it anywhere . i do not know if trendy has released it . source " the information in that guide is pretty decent . . . just do your best to ignore the eleven-year-old comments at the bottom . "
i know this is only a partial answer but i am looking for how much experience and creds you get from gold too so i thought i would pass the info along . bronze : about 150,000 experience , 15,000 credits . silver : about 200,000 experience , 30,000 credits . gold : unkown as far as galactic readiness goes , i have not really been watching but it is usually around plus 3% each time i think .
if it is red that means it detected some other input during the quick time event period . do you have other controllers attached -- joysticks , gamepads , etc ? anything else that would send an input signal during that interval ? fwiw i had no problem with this sequence , though i did mess it up the first time . .
nope ! no exclusivity ! all mods work together . you can mix and match to your heart 's content . though you better have a small heart ; there are only 5 mods per weapon total .
i did some online searching , and got some information . it seems this problem is universal across all platforms . i still have not found a definite cause for this problem , ( though some are generally blaming crappy game/drm design ) or any statement from bioware , but the community has come up with a few workarounds . i have had success with two , and have not really bothered with the third . but there are some claims of the third being fairly reliable . ( maybe console-specific , or ps3-only . ) disable auto sign-on to the console 's multiplayer network ( e . g . : psn , xbox live ) and reboot . or , just log off of the network before starting the game every time . if multiplayer functionality is desired , use the in-game menu to sign in to ea 's servers and this should automatically prompt you to sign into your console 's network also . this has worked well for me . i suppose the pc analogue would be to turn off wi-fi or unplug the network cable . enable auto sign-on to ea 's servers within the game . ( you may have to try options 1 or 3 first , to get into the game menu needed to tweak this option . ) this has also worked for me , and comes with the added benefit that you can re-enable your console 's auto sign-on function as well . wait approximately 30 seconds at the " press start button " screen . some users have reported good results with this . since options 1 and 2 are working fine for me , i have not personally tested it .
according to smogon 's pickpocket page , if the defender has a focus sash and takes a hit , it will use the sash before pickpocket activates . it is therefore logical to assume that it would not be able to steal a focus sash and use it before it faints from the triggering hit .
the advanced electric buffer item was practically designed to do exactly this task . the item is introduced by gregtech , and it inputs items into specified slots into machines .
yes , you can play both standard mode and the bass parts with the mustang . frets 1-5 are used to simulate the green-> orange buttons that you may be used to on the standard rb strat , though they are wider . you can also use frets 13-17 , which are narrower and liken a bit more to the solo buttons from the rb strat , and they function in the same manner in which you do not have to strum for the solo/big rock endings parts . you can press any or all buttons on the appropriate fret , it does not matter which ' string ' the buttons are on , and similarly you can strum any string whether you are fretting it or not . for the bass parts in pro mode , you can simply ignore the 2 strings you do not use ( b and high e ) .
yes , you unlocked lock-picking because of your choice . if you save the other guy ( fergus reid ) you get the ability to hotwire . if you refuse , all 3 of you get killed ( you are forced to make a choice ) .
no there is no limit to the number of weapons you can have . players have reached count of 1000s or even 10,000 weapons , without loosing a single one . however , it is better to look into weapon fusion than just going " gotta have ' em all " on the weapons ; )
ridden pets level up as normal - by killing monsters . note , however , that ridden pets are more docile . they will not attack a monster unless attacked first . since monsters will randomly attack you or the pet when you are mounted , this may mean your pet gets fewer kills ( and thus experience ) than it otherwise would .
do you still have the rca composite + left/right audio output cable ? ( the one with the yellow , red and white plugs . ) it is possible to configure the ps3 to output audio to both hdmi and the rca cable . under " settings " go to " sound settings " and turn on " audio multi-output " .
all iron armor is heavy armor . light armor categories are hide , leather , studded , elven , scaled , glass , and dragon scale . light armor info , heavy armor info
in order to run diablo 2 on my windows 7 pc , i did the following ( and this should work for vista as well ) : have the compatibility mode set to windows xp ( service pack 3 ) run in 256 colours disable desktop composition run this program as an administrator if you still run into issues , try keeping the screen resolution menu opened as you play . this may sound odd , but i have seen a few people say this solved their problems when playing .
there is a small folder inside the minecraft/bin folder called natives . this folder contains files that have platform-specific code . when you copied over your install , you copied over the windows-native files in this folder . as a result , the game fails to run . you can fix this by replacing the contents of that folder with the correct files from a valid 1.4.6 installation that was done on a mac . i am not entirely certain how you can do that , but the files from a 1.4.7 install may work if in fact mojang have not changed very much except for some classes in the main jar file . archive your modded install somewhere else , install mc 1.4.7 fresh , and save the natives folder it generates somewhere convenient . wipe the rest and put your modded install back in place , remove its windows-based natives folder , and drop in your new one . see if it runs . if using a 1.4.7 natives folder does not work though , one way to try would be to use minecraft nostalgia , which can downgrade the latest version of minecraft to an arbitrary previous version . ( i have used it for downgrading to 1.2.5 for modding purposes , but i have not done it on a mac . it appears to support win/mac/linux though . ) you would safely archive your modded install , wipe it from the minecraft/ folder , then run the vanilla launcher to get 1.4.7 . close it out , then run minecraft nostalgia , choosing 1.4.6 from the list . once it is done the conversion , grab the minecraft/bin/natives folder for later . wipe the rest , put your modded install in , and delete the minecraft/bin/natives folder that came from windows . finally , drop in your natives/ folder gleaned from mc nostalgia , cross your fingers , and launch ! again , i have never had to do this , but it should work .
one city challenge would not be affected by no city razing . when you take a city in occ , the city is instantly destroyed . this can even destroy otherwise unrazeable cities such as capitals and city states . the only effect no razing would have would be preventing the ai from razing other ai players ' cities .
this ended up being an issue with the samsung syncplus service causing signal interference . by disabling syncplus in the smart hub interface , the issue went away .
according to wikipedia ( under the health part ) , there is an exit in each corner , though only 1 can be open . there should be a demon guarding this exit that you will need to fight before being able to leave . hell is a maze lined with flaming walls containing 4 exits in each corner with a demon guard . only one exit will be open and thus one demon to battle .
no , there is not another way . in order to vault over an object you must take cover first . mass effect is not the first series to do this - the gears of wars series works in the same way .
yes , you should have absolutely no issues doing that . i believe you should have most all of the prestige related titles already , but i have not gotten to 10 yet myself . for more information on what you need to do to get the titles , the call of duty wiki on wikia has a full list of all titles . the prestige related titles are listed with a green background .
burning , poison , chilled , and crippled stack in duration instead of intensity . it will show only one stack , but if you watch you will see the duration increase . if you apply multiple conditions with different damages , the duration will seem to increase . this , however , is no more than an attempt to unclutter the ui ( user interface ) . once the duration of the first condition completes , then the second condition will begin . despite these separate durations , however , cleansing a condition will remove the entire condition ( no matter the duration or intensity ) . example : you use skill a to burn a foe , and then skill b to burn the same foe . skill a 's burn lasts 10 seconds , and skill b 's burn lasts 5 seconds . when applied , the burn duration will be 15 seconds . skill a 's burn will run for the listed 10 seconds , doing the damage as described in skill a . when this finishes , skill b 's burn will start to tick , doing the damage as described in skill b .
i have basically answered my own questions by playing it . the versions are all practically identical , besides graphics . the only difference , is release on systems besides pc is delayed more than pc . so once the pc version releases , it takes awhile for the other versions to get released .
you mean it is not clear from the translated summary ? ; ) this game is fantastic fighting game . girls do their best now and are preparing please watch warmly until it is ready . greatest mesmeric mist of all time . this magic mist is missing power ! still , a slightly more coherent description is given here : while making preparations for the feast three days away , reimu is distracted by a strange powerful mist that is covering gensokyo . she and many other inhabitants of gensokyo ( such as alice and patchouli ) go to investigate . suika ibuki is an oni . although legends say all the oni are gone , suika has decided to reunite the humans and oni by attracting them through partying . using her special ability to spread across the land , she causes the humans and youkai to have feasts and parties . the more drunk she gets , the stronger she becomes , and she carries a gourd treasured by the oni , which never empties of sake . still pretty bizarre , but then , that is practically the definition of anime . . . note that there are further dialogue translations provided in that first link , that will probably prove helpful if you really want to try and understand the details as the story unfolds . good luck with that . ; )
your own experience confirms that yes , you do need to finish ' media blitz ' . the secret mission will appear on the star map , same as other " normal " missions . edit : note that you will have to play the secret mission before going to char as once you start that , you will not be able to go back to do it .
for the ' kin ' achievements i had a hard time until i ended up using silly tactics for each of the 3 races to allow my team the win with a lot more ease , and a lot less frustration at my idiotic teammates . protos cannon rush . you can see my description of it here . the basic gist is : send a starting probe to their base ( on megatron ) and set up a pylon and forge , then start planting cannons until they are all hampered enough that your team rolls over them . zerg spine crawler rush . this works best on maps where all the bases are seperated . this means your opponents all need to be zerg . harvest for &lt ; 1min with all of your drones . build 1 or 2 new drones . then save up for a pool . after the min has past send 2-4 of your drones into the opponents base . then split them up 2 per opponent base . as soon as you have the resources turn those drones into spine crawlers behind their resource line . use the minerals to funnel the drones so only one can attack your spine at a time . if all goes well you will land 2 crawlers behind 2 different bases and it will cause enough economic damage that the other 3 players on your team will be able to roll over the opposing ai . if all does not go well , they will have attacked your crawlers and killed them . save yourself the time and pack up and surrender . just try it again . terran i chose protoss for my opponents on this one . this works best on maps where there are two players per base . i built fast into 3 barracks with tech labs and mass produced reapers . i then proceed to reaper harass the opponents , watching for striders and zealots to come defend while cleaning house of probes . if you are able to take out a nexus early , that is always very helpful . if all goes well you did enough damage that your buddies can clean house , otherwise start over . hope this helps out , this is exactly how i did them .
scout is a class with a very high skill threshhold to clear - playing scout and doing it well is very difficult , especially for a new player . they move faster than any other class , making it more difficult to aim properly . and they have the lowest possible base hp of any class ( unmodified by loadouts ) . mobility is key to playing a scout . you never want to be in one place for long . jump , weave , and duck into side-corridors to get away from danger . you are vulnerable , and you do not want to get into a head-on fight , even against weaker classes . instead , use side-corridors to flank and get behind other players . your scattergun ( and the fan if you have it ) are powerful close-range weapons . do not shoot until you are up close and certain of getting a full-body shot . the more pellets you can get into them in a single shot , the greater damage you will do . you can take down most classes in just two shots at close range , which is faster than most classes will be able to react . if they do , dodge , and if they are well aware of your presence , run . you are outgunned by almost every class that is not support-based . avoid sentries . always , always avoid sentries . use bonk ! to get past them , pick them off with a pistol , slip by them if they are not pointing directly at your pathway , but avoid them at all costs . finally , above all else , practice . every class has a skill threshhold you need to get past before you are ' good ' with them , and the scout 's the hardest class of all to get used to . watch some video clips , watch what other players do , read the tf2 wiki pages on scout strategy and match-ups , but practice above all else makes perfect .
have you tried this ? http://didrole.com/replay2demo/ omg it just works ! you open the demo player in tf2 with shift-f2 an load the demo . press shift-f2 again to regain camera control . and stop answering your own questions , stupid .
i have compared 3 presets : gionight , confident and nightwalker . the best is from gionight . it has the best colors and it runs good on low quality settings . here is a download-link : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5516 . the one from confident is pratically the same like the default preset and very blurry and weak colors and the one from nightwalker is too dark or the colors is too extreme and it is not very balanced .
there is a setting in the game options called " automated workers remove features " . you can turn it off and they will never remove forests .
take a look at you control-settings , there are two options : hold aim down sight toggle aim down sight i do not know the exact lables for these options as i only own the german version , but the first one is what you are looking for wile the second one seems to be the one you are using - just change your settings .
this depends on the crew skill . gathering skills , ( i.e. . scavenging , slicing , bioanalysis and archaeology ) all have nodes scattered around various planets which can be gathered from , as in other mmo 's . mission skills ( i.e. . diplomacy , investigation , treasure hunting and underworld trading ) do not . the only way to use them is with missions . in general , even with gathering skills , sending your spare crew members on missions will result in a much better yield of materials , along with being able to target the specific mats you need without entering zoned which you cannot handle or which are trivial to you .
sure , in your system preferences , go to storage , and move the save file over there . when you load the game it will ask what storage device to use . select " cloud storage " and it will use that .
i found a couple of reports where people claimed stalkers on rooftops are just weirdly glitched . i think the game spawns them on the roof but then does not really know how to get them " stalking " properly . it would not surprise me if encountering them on the roof occasionally triggered other glitches . apparently also turning around at the last moment causes ezio to push them down instead of the stalker grabbing you ( according to part of that thread which i apparently skimmed and did not fully process . . . ) , so maybe it is a combination of the two ?
you can not skip the treasure yeti . once it appears you either have to fight it or just let it run away . you can find more about the yeti here . you have to fully finish the level in order to continue .
you can do multiple control groups . group 1 = all of them group 2 = marines group 3 = marauders group 4 = tank group 5 = banshees selecting your other control groups does not lose your full control group . very useful for air .
long story short , yes you can make 50 on just pve . i am currently half way through veteran rank 1 and i had no problem getting to level 50 with just quests . it was close i will say , being on the final few quests before finishing coldharbour . i will also mention that a lot of people are having issues with finishing coldharbour and only being level 45-49 . i pvpd maybe once during my journey to 50 . i did the beginning questline that gives away 2 skillpoints , and then continued to finish the 20 kills quest . so maybe a small 30-40k boost of experience , so nothing huge . i did every quest i could find , only not finishing shadowfen ( by 7 quests ) and the rift ( by one quest ) because i could not find them . also missed one quest in coldharbour because it is bugged ( i keep going back to it every morning as this seems to fix most bugged quests , i also wake up at 7 am everyday so it is pretty quiet and i think the servers do not freak out as much . ) i know i missed these quests because the achievements tell me so , although i have noticed in deshaan and stonefall had more quests then the achievement said there were . i would say a lot of peoples issue with hitting level 50 on times is that they only do 70% of the content . as exploring , public dungeons , private dungeons , and side quests is atleast 50% of what you need to level on time . while the main storyline quests and the quests you happen to walk by doing the main storyline is the other 50% . so if you are worried about not making 50 on time make sure you are doing atleast 90 - 95% of everything so that you do not find yourself spamming coldharbour for a grind party . i will finish by saying i also found myself multiple times 1-2 levels below the mobs and quests , it was confusing me a little at first but do not worry . take your time , enjoy tamriel and remember to take some time to just explore , discover and finish some things outside the beaten path .
on normal difficulty , a character with 60+ will and the psi armor has a very good chance to dominate anything organic that is not an ethereal or a chrysalid even at full health . causing a few injuries ( or preferably , using mind reave ) significantly reduces their will and ratchets up your control success chance . mind-controlled enemies make ideal scouts , since absolutely nothing you care about gets hurt if they walk into an ambush . edit : also , the enemy ai tends to prioritize by proximity , so they will shoot your new " volunteer " first and give away their position . telekinetic field is /much/ more situational since it only lasts a very short time and requires proximity -- and mutons and floaters think " multiple xcom soldiers in proximity " rhymes with " toss a grenade " . edit downsides include : any aliens in your new ' volunteer forward scout 's fov trigger alert immediately ; i have had one terror mission go south /really/ quickly when the muton i took control of could see three chrysalids , a floater spawn . . . and the sectopod . the alien gets control of itself back on its turn and you can not shoot it beforehand , so if you try to set it up for an ambush or stunbait , it gets a free shot back first . this may be a bug , but your squad will get the " ally fallen in combat " willpower debuff if/when uncontrolled aliens blast your ' volunteer forward scout ' . this has been fixed in a recent update . overall , i have gotten much more use out of mind control than tk field .
tyrael/the stranger will even talk to you after you kill the final boss , but conversations with him are often in small spurts . act i vanished memories : available during the quest sword of the stranger . the sword : available from the time after you complete the quest sword of the stranger and before you accept the quest the broken blade until you are given the objective talk to alaric in the drowned temple during the quest the broken blade . the mysterious coven : available after accepting the quest the doom in wortham until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest *the doom in wortham * . the lords of hell : available from when you are given the objective talk to the caravan leader during the quest return to new tristram until you begin act ii . act ii about your fall : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . about caldeum : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . refugees in caldeum : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . corruption : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . destruction of mount arreat : available after accepting the quest unexpected allies until you begin act iii . the last twenty years : available after hearing the conversation destruction of mount arreat until you begin act iii . zoltun kulle 's death : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you begin act iii . the lord of lies : available from the time after you complete the quest betrayer of the horadrim and before you accept the quest blood and sand until you begin act iii . act iii a lost opportunity : available during the quest the siege of bastion 's keep . guilt : available fter hearing the conversatio a lost opportunity until you complete the siege of bastion 's keep . kulle 's black soulstone : available after accepting the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the flawed stone : available after hearing the conversation kulle 's black soulstone until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . human knowledge : available after accepting the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the thrill of battle : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . tyrael 's command : available after accepting the quest the breached keep until you are given the objective talk to tyrael during the quest machines of war . the battle of the diamond gates : available after accepting the quest the breached keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the eternal conflict : available after accepting the quest machines of war until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the creation of the world : available after hearing the conversation the eternal conflict until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . act iv heaven 's fall : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . adria 's treachery : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . the dark wanderer : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . the high heavens : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . leah 's spirit : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . malthael : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . malthael 's fate : available after hearing the conversation maltheal until the end of the game . the prime evil : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game .
at level 16 , the quest a companion will be available in the level-up unlock menu , or else just by talking to sgt . knox . over the course of this quest , you will get your first companion for free , and after that , you can buy or otherwise acquire more .
the prerequisite quest for the temple of miraak is dragonborn , which as you correctly suggest is triggered by reading the orders of the two random ( ish ) encounter cultists who attack you in skyrim . however , the prerequisite for the dragonborn quest is not level related but requires your character to have started the horn of jurgen windcaller for the greybeards in order to be triggered . if you visited solstheim before starting the horn of jurgen windcaller ( even if you then later started and completed it ) then uesp suggests that you must return to windhelm and talk to the ship captain , gjalund salt-sage , again to proceed in the quest .
when you are alone put the highest resonators available right away . placing a resonator gives you 125 ap , while upgrading one gives you 65 , but only if you are not the owner of the resonator . upgrading your own resonators will give you exactly nothing , zero , nil . this means that with a friend you will get more ap by starting with low-level resonators and gradually upgrading them . also you have to remember the limits on resonators ' deployment that depends on your level . anyway you can always check how many ap you get by looking at the log in your scanner .
like the mav and t-ugs , the soflam works either as a manned or unmanned device . if you place it on a high area with an overlook ( ideally ) , it will automatically scan for and lock on to enemy vehicles in its field of vision . no human intervention required . i suspect that it is more efficient when manned and operated manually -- and you can switch over to your deployed soflam to control it remotely at any time using the proper gadget key -- but it does work either way . also note that the soflam survives your death as recon , once deployed it is a permanent battlefield artifact until it is destroyed by the enemy .
do not know if you are having the same problem as i did . but i found i could not delete a character via the ' terminate ' icon also . but i could right click on his portrait when he was in the ' selected ' position and terminate from the pop up menu .
according to a wiki you have to do the following : prior to starting the heist , the crew is advised to spread out and find all 7 or 8 civilians , who are in mitchell 's kitchen , the garden , and sometimes wilson 's house . there will sometimes be civilians on the far side of the garden , and the girl in the bikini is sometimes in the lounge of wilson 's house . prevent all citizens from escaping when the heist starts , and restrain them with cable ties . you may have to kill some civilians if you are playing solo and they are spread out too much . once the civilians are under control , set up a hacking device in mitchell 's basement , then move the bookshelf in wilson 's basement and start hacking the revealed code lock . undetected before any cops arrive , take the opportunity to search the houses , garden and garages for a crowbar , which is required for future objectives . exactly two bars appear in each playthrough , and at two of the following locations : be sure you are not seen by the neighbors . once the crowbars are found , dedicate one crew member ( preferably with a silenced weapon ) to silently neutralize incoming cops , and the others to restarting the hacking devices as soon as possible . if the crew manages to stay undetected , bain will mention that someone must've seen something and that two officers are coming to check out the address . the crew must stay hidden ( perhaps at the top of wilson 's staircase ) and wait until bain says the officers are inside before killing them with a silenced weapon or melee attack , or taking them hostage . if successful , the crew will remain undetected . after a while , the police will call wilson 's telephone number , but the crew cannot pick it up . two more officers will soon enter the garden through the side entrance . remain hidden again ( the top of wilson 's staircase works here too ) and silently neutralize them once bain gives you the cue . shortly after , the police officers will be reported missing and swat will begin to arrive . if you fail to remain undetected , then law enforcers will come as soon they are aware of the crew 's operation . units will be coming from predefined points of the map , jumping over fences and walls , and sometimes a helicopter will hover above mitchell 's house . found some videos , that should help
ok . i think i figured it out . the " faster aircraft animation " mod does not cover the entire animation . i made a custom mod that does all of these database updates , and it solves the issue . note that the last 3 updates are copied out of the " faster aircraft animations " mod .
most dominate options in conversations are only available to ventrue . with the wesp + patch , tremere get access to a few of the most basic ones , but for the most part , it is a ventrue only perk . ( and not a particularly good one , tbqh . )
retiring does the following : 1 . ) your current explorer disappears . 2 . ) you gain a new explorer at half the level of the retired one . 3 . ) the new explorer can be reclassed . 4 . ) the new explorer gains bonuses to stats and skill points based on how high the original explorer 's level was . changing class does the following : 1 . ) your current explorer is retained . 2 . ) your current explorer 's level is reduced to half of what it was orginally . 3 . ) your current explorer can be reclassed . 4 . ) your current explorer gains bonuses to stats and skill points based on how high your original level was ( these bonuses are identical to retiring ) . 5 . ) your character 's portrait and stat growth are the same as the original class . note the bold . this means a highlander who reclasses to an alchemist will still have piss-poor tec growth , while a hexer who reclasses to a ronin will still have piss-poor str growth . also , if you reclass at 70 , then level to 70 and reclass again , the bonus does not stack . you had have to reclass at a higher level to get the bonus higher .
mostly subjective , really . some people like cs:s , some people do not . here are some of the differences . cs:go has : smaller hitboxes less clutter on maps to block movement tighter recoil ( spray and pray does not work well ) new weapons ( a few pistols , shotguns , smgs , mgs ) new grenades ( decoy and flame ) better graphics some actual improvements : gungame and deathmatch modes built into game matchmaking rating system elo system arranged team matchmaking cs:go tv , a significant improvement over previous iterations .
i agree with this question and have an unfortunate answer . the saddest part of the ios line is that itunes does not back up coredata / application generated data ( save games , favorites , you know , locally saved data ) . the only way this is feasible is if the application supported saving progress back to the server , and loading it back to the device next time you play . and , clearly , angry birds does not . this is an opportunity to contact the developers about angry birds and ask them to implement a server-side store of your progress , in addition to the local data . [ edit ] this answer is 50% wrong . a server side store would be great , and itunes does not back up application generated data , but you can pull saved files out with some finagling .
it means that that pokmon has almost enough experience to level up . i assume that switching to them and winning the battle will give them enough experience , but i can not be sure .
the generic way in windows 7 ( and 8 ) to the question " how do i tell this application to put its files somewhere else " is to use a junction . a junction is somewhere between a hard link and a symbolic link ( or a shortcut in windows ) . creating a junction in place of where you expect the directory to normally go will instead redirect the files sent to that directory to somewhere else . in this case , we want to create a junction from the usual minecraft directory of %appdata%/ . minecraft to a flash drive that is mounted ( for example ) as e : to do this , open the run dialog ( winkey + r ) and type mklink /j %appdata%\.minecraft E:\minecraft  ( make sure the original minecraft directory does not exist first ) . now when you run the applet , it will place the files in e:\minecraft .
i do not think there is a cap on the amount of resources you can send allies . i do not have a definitive source for this but i have done some testing : my team once tried a strategy where one of us only built expansions and economy , protected by static defenses . she then piped the resources to my friend and i , who went for high-tech builds . she never ran into a limit on sending resources . this " strategy " is kind of fun since it lets one person handle all the macro and another all the micro , but it has it is own risks . you cannot send resources immediately though . when you start a game , if you click the transfer button right away , you will see there is a delay before you can start sending ( i think it is 5 minutes but i could be wrong ) . i assume this is to prevent a true cheese rush where people send all their resources to one person , effectively letting one person start with 18 workers .
here 's an elaborate solution involving trapping a skeleton that appears to work well . it seems that this setup could easily be changed to use a snowball/arrow dispenser instead of a skeleton , however the business of keeping it fueled , and firing at the right time would be an issue .
if you do not wish to read the entire answer , the short answer is " no " . if you do , however , then thank you for taking the time to read and i hope you enjoy reading about it as much as i did writing it . i decided to test this out using the spell card " wind " . the spell card 's description when leveling it up : increase wind range and wind size the first part of my research was to test out the spell card when it was one level before the maximum , without using any equipment boosts . here are the results : take note of the size of the wind . when i level up wind so that it is at the maximum , the wind range and wind size should be increased . i will mainly be focusing on the wind size . here are the results of the spell card at the maximum level , with no equipment boosts . as you can see , this one is slightly larger . i tried my best to take the screenshot while both were in the same area . i also tried to get the character in the same position by running all the way to the left and then lightly tapping the right arrow key . next , i added some equipment boosts to the next level in order to see if there would be any changes . i used spellmaster cap in my hat slot , which gives a +1 to all cards , including wind . for my necklace slot , i used thor 's hammer , which gives a +4 to all wind cards . finally , for my ring slot , i used hurricane , which gives a +2 boost to all wind cards . here are the results of the wind card with a +6 boost . now , to take a closer look at the green shapes and their sizes , i have zoomed in on each image , taking the photo in the exact same spot . from the first test to the second test , the size is larger , as expected . however , even with a +6 boost ( which is a lot ) , there is not really a noticeable difference between the second and third test .
press down on the thumb-stick while you are pushing it in the direction . this is a similar mechanic to modern warfare ( if you have played that ) .
the competitive multiplayer split-screen support in mw3 is 2 players on the same screen , not 4 . you can play on xbox live or local via lan , i believe . i have not tested the cooperative spec-ops mode , but i believe it supports 2 players on the same screen . modern warfare 2 did not support split screen , but black ops had 2-player split screen support for multiplayer and zombie mode .
bolt arrows ( and the corresponding " no bolt arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage sunken city . super bomb arrows ( and the corresponding " no super bomb arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage towerforge . feather arrows ( and the corresponding " no feather arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage ascension . dark portals are unlockable by unlocking the purple archer . gunn style is unlockable by going to the credits screen and press left right up up down jump .
looking at the wording available for the heck hound spell : deals 130 fire damage per pip over 3 rounds ( accuracy 75% ) it can be seen that the damage this spell can give is dependent on how many rounds you manage to stay fighting , as 1 more pip is added for every round you stay fighting . thus , the only way to compare this spell in regards to damage is by comparing it to other spells that use the same number of pips . so , for the number of pips , this is the total average ( damage * pips * accuracy * 3 rounds ) damage done by heck hound : 1 - 292.5 2 - 585 3 - 877.5 4 - 1170 5 - 1462.5 6 - 1755 7 - 2047.5 8 - 2340 9 - 2632.5 10 - 2925  we can see here that the spell 's damage is quite high . let 's also assume that there is only one enemy , so that spells that target all enemies can be considered fairly . running down all math , i was able to produce an excel file detailing all spells ' damage . by analyzing the data one can check that heck hound is indeed the most powerful ( in terms of damage ) spell , except for the 8 pips case , where king artorius ( myth ) alone gains a small advantage . the judgement spell from the balance school has similar mechanics to this spell , but falls a lot short , due to the round bonus .
if you come back to bhakti later , he will reward you new titles and trophies if you have fulfilled the requirements for them since the last time you visited him . so , there is no reason not to repair him the first chance you get .
to circle strafe with a helicopter in any game you have to understand some things about helicopter controls . there are three main controls , the cyclic , the collective , and the pedals . the cyclic tilts the helicopter to the right , left , forward , and backward . ( like leaning in a direction . ) the collective makes the helicopter go up and down . ( like climbing or squatting ) the pedals rotate\turn the helicopter to the right or left . ( like turning your head ) to circle strafe ( or orbit while facing the target ) you will need to tilt the helicopter to the right with the cyclic , while using the pedals to keep the helicopter pointed at what your circling . to orbit to the right you would tilt the cyclic right , while turning the pedals left . in human terms , you walk leaning to the right ( cyclic ) , and then keep your torso turned to toward what you are circling ( pedals ) . i will try to translate to controller controls later . update for comments : if the bird just spins like a top and falls to the ground then you are using to much pedal , and need to tap it less often . more likely you are loosing altitude as you strafe pointing at the target . this is normal helicopter behavior ; i will explain . when a helicopter tilts in a direction , some of the force used to lift the helicopter is taken away to be used to shift the helicopter . this means you also have to increase the collective , or make the helicopter go slightly up while you execute the maneuver . in most games there is a balance point of strafe and lift . this means you tilt ( cyclic ) the bird enough that full throttle ( collective ) keeps you at the same altitude . after that it is just a matter of rotating the bird ( pedals ) to keep it pointed where you want it . sorry , i have not been able to translate to xbox controls yet .
you should buy them online . steam is great , easy to use , and keeps all your games updated with latest patches automatically . here is an article explaining how to buy games through steam you need a credit card , a paypal or clickandbuy .
as kevin y said , you need to unlock then beat mission 14 to unlock the chocobos , which requires you to beat 13 . . . this is the chain : 1-> 2-> 3-> 5 and 7-> 12-> 13-> 14 . the link has all the location maps for the bosses+cieth stones . after you beat 14 you will find chocobos scattered throughout the archelytte steppes . hope this helps .
you should be more concerned with killing him efficiently , instead . here are a few tips for fighting the persuer , and enemies like him : first off , he uses a shield . while a shield offers a high potential for defense , it can be gravely detrimental if you understand the weakness it brings ; it offers a blindspot in most , if not all , of his attacks . wait for him to lunge , strike , or combo , then quickly roll towards his shield 's side , and then punish him . secondly , the persuer does not have any ranged attacks ( aside from a unique ability unlocked only if he manages to impale you while his sword is glowing blue , signified by a glowing blue tint in his eyes ) , but he does have a great gap-closer , which is telegraphed by him beginning to float , and then lunging toward you . because it is easy to read , you can dodge it easily , and then having a chance to effectively punish him again . third , the arena is small , and only made smaller by the debris scattered around . if you need to grant yourself some more wriggle room , either break the obstacles , or bait persuer into attacking them for you , and always be careful not to fall out of the arena . finally , always be sure that your weight load ( bottom right of equipment screen ) is always less than 70% . if you go over 70% , your characters dodge roll will be . . . more of a backwards belly-flop . without your dodge roll , you cannot easily avoid enemy attacks . you are safer dodging an attack with light armor , than taking an attack head-on with the heaviest , beefiest gear in the game . boss fights in dark souls are about skills in dodging , reading enemy movements , and knowing when to attack , heal , or bait an attack . some bosses have unique strategies , but many bosses can be killed easily with patience and well timed dodge rolls .
all professions have 1 of their 5 skill slots dedicated exclusively to a small selection of healing skills . obviously , there are only so many ways to design a healing skill ( heal immediately , or heal over time ; heal single or aoe ; skill is active or passive ) , so when designing 3 heal skills for each of the 8 professions , some overlap in the core mechanic ( healing ) is unavoidable . however , they are not the same ; every profession gets its uniquely flavored healing skills , tailored to their general abilities and allowing for various playstyles . a necromancer 's healing skill might involve draining an enemy , while an engineer 's healing turret also heals nearby allies while the turret is alive , or he dispenses bandage packs that can be picked up by any ally . a warrior 's healing skill might provide passive regeneration and an active , immediate heal , while another trades the passive heal for an adrenaline boost when using the active , increasing your fighting power . in essence , it is true that there are no dedicated healers - if any player just stands around and takes a lot of damage quickly , it will be pretty much impossible to save him with healing skills alone . dodging , positioning , and selecting the right weapon/skill loadout for an encounter ( i.e. . skill and game knowledge ) are much more relevant for survival than healing skills or gear quality . every player in guild wars 2 might have some abilities to heal or protect each other , which means that there is no holy trinity . no character will only tank ( it will also heal and deal damage ) , no character will only deal ( it will eventually need to drop some heals ) and no character will only healbot ( it will be dealing damage , and may even tank ) . besides that , all characters will be applying eventual boons to party , so as protection zones and overall support skills
fatigue does matter , even on characters you do not control directly . especially when you need alistair to shield bash that ogre who is holding you up . the armor you equip should depend on the role the character plays . mages and archers for example , are ranged characters who should not be in the middle of things . they should be wearing light armor and robes respectively . tanks should be wearing the heaviest armor they can find ( massive , basically ) so that they can draw the enemies towards them and away from the squishy characters . melee rogues should have enough defense that they barely get hit at all , so light armor is the best . i am not sure about melee warriors with a damage dealing focus , never played them . i have not found a use for medium or heavy armor , always going with light or massive for fighters , and robes for mages . especially since all the good armor sets are massive .
bombs operate in an large area of effect way while missles fly towards where you are targeting with a smaller aoe attack though a bit of guess work or spamming is required if you want to hit something far . imo i prefer the rockets over the bombs since its faster to kill enemies .
unfortunately on a server where there are no rules against griefing and everything is destroyable , there is no foolproof way to " trap " enemy players . any redstone contraption can easily be avoided , as it requires stepping on a pressure plate which can be seen by anyone looking for them . traps in pitch black can easily be avoided by small investments in torches by an opposing player . any wall can be tunneled through . aside from triggering redstone traps , the environment will not " update " in response to a player , thus any crafty player can avoid all traps with a little resources . the best way to keep your stuff secure is to hide it . the best way to do this is to use a servers /home and /sethome commands . simply go deep into the wilderness . dig deep into the ground and ideally try to find a naturally occurring lava source . replace the blocks above you and put your chest inside the lava source and /sethome . even players using x-ray tools will only see the natural lava source ( torches are a dead giveaway of a base ) and will not be able to see the chest . tl ; dr : bases can not be secure , and hiding is difficult from x-raying players . put a chest in lava and walk away .
no , it is not tied to the number of times you have used a particular item on the anvil . there is a random chance each time you drop an item , regardless of what happened to that item previously . i have had things cursed the first time i have dropped them , for instance . the dredmor wiki says that it is 2/7 chance of a curse , and a 5/7 chance of a blessing . i am always torn between using a really good item on it , in the hopes that it gets better , or using a kind of " meh " item in the hopes that it either becomes good or destroying it will not matter . frequently what i will do is try to use something that i have a duplicate of , or at least a backup for that slot . that way if it gets better , it is a win , and if it gets worse , oh well , i have got a backup .
you can not host a server for minecraft pocket edition using the pc dedicated minecraft server . despite the name and visual similarity , in software terms minecraft and minecraft pe are completely unrelated and incompatible games . there are currently two options for hosting a pe server : running an android simulator on a pc and running minecraft pe on that . using pocketmine-mp server software .
http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/bed#sleep_interruption the system is much simpler since the full release  sleep is not allowed within 10 blocks of a hostile mob . quoted from the minecraft wiki . hope this helps .
8/10/2011 update : unfortunately the game has changed significantly enough now where the below is no longer useful . you may want to check out how should our town decide what to build next ? for advice on how to make the best decisions based on your situation . ok , i will start by taking a shot , and then we will see what optimizations other people can make . this is roughly the order used in my current town , with corrections made where we think we made a mistake . assumptions : at the beginning , some materials are assumed to be found intact . but after about day 3 , i assume that all constructed materials are being refined from the lowest level in the workshop ( with the corresponding ap cost ) total ap used : 1,090 ( so roughly 5 days given the op assumptions ) total builder water usage : 55 ( 15 builders for 5 days , plus 20 for moat , minus 40 for drilling rig ) total builder food usage : 28 ( 15 builders every other day for 5 days , minus 10 for the vegetable plot ) special materials used : i tried to limit these as much as possible . this build uses only 3 nuts and bolts , 3 pipes , 5 cement blocks , 1 electronics , and 1 pharmaceuticals final defense on day 5: 382 plus defensive objects . day 1 build workshop convert 10 logs into 5 planks convert 10 scrap metal into 5 iron convert 10 planks into 5 beams convert 10 iron into 5 supports build watchtower build factory make 30 tents project of the day : watchtower total ap used : 137 defense : 5+3+ ( 30 tents ) = 38 ( plus defensive items ) required : 18 planks , 15 wrought iron , 1 concrete block , 10 rotten logs , 10 scrap metal and 3 nuts and bolts day 2 convert 34 logs into 17 planks convert 8 metal into 4 iron build portal lock build great wall strengthening build great pit build spiked pit project of the day : watchtower total ap used : 227 defense : 38 + 109 = 147 ( plus defensive items ) required : 8 scrap metal , 17 planks , 34 rotten logs , 2 wrought iron day 3 convert 30 logs to 15 planks convert 12 metal to 6 iron convert 20 planks to 10 beams build pump build water purifier build vegetable plot build moat project of the day : pit total ap used : 247 defense : 147 + 45 + 13 = 205 ( plus defensive items ) required : 2 copper pipe , 1 wrought iron , 10 planks , 30 rotten logs , 12 scrap metal day 4 convert 58 logs to 29 planks convert 14 planks to 7 beams convert 8 metal to 4 iron convert 4 iron to 2 supports build well-drilling rig build old school traps project of the day : pit total ap used : 209 defense : 205 + 30 + 21 = 256 ( plus defensive items ) required : 8 scrap metal , 28 rotten logs day 5 note that by this day , you have to start building to what materials you have . for example , if you do not have cement , but you have nuts and bolts , you might want to go for ramparts instead . convert 62 logs to 31 planks convert 28 planks to 14 beams convert 28 metal to 14 iron convert 14 iron to 7 supports build armour plating build cannon mounds build stone cannon build breaker upgrade : pit total ap used : 214 defense : 256 + 94 + 32 = 382 ( plus defensive items ) required : 62 rotten logs , 28 scrap metal other thoughts : after the pump is built , getting the water for the moat is easy . i am not sure how to account for the long-term effect of using that water in this way though . added the well-drilling rig to make up for this . even together they are better defense/ap than most things out there . portal lock is mainly just to prevent stupidity/griefing a hacksaw would significantly reduce the cost of all the conversions and allow you to get further ahead
when using any burst fire pistol , mordecai 's gun crazy has a chance to double the amount of rounds in the spread . this applies to both burst fire repeaters and mashers .
if you chop down silverwood trees , you can get saplings . plant those within 5-10 spaces from your existing node . as the tree grows , it will produce a new node in the trunk of that tree . they two nodes will merge , and the total aura will increase . i managed to get my node from 60ish up to almost 800 now this way . be aware , that the node will generate flux , and freak out a little each time you merge like this .
mitigation in neverwinter means exactly what the actual definition of the word means . so for example , ray of enfeeblement has the following description : ray of enfeeblement : over several seconds , deal damage to your enemy while decreasing their damage and mitigation . debuff duration increased based on stack of arcane mastery so , what this all means is for a period of time you have lowered the targets ability to reduce the damage from your incoming attacks . well how is the target mitigating ( there is that word again ) damage from your attacks in the first place ? good question , glad you asked . damage resistance is mitigation . damage resistance decreases the amount of damage you take from incoming attacks . defense helps to increase this stat . therefore , if you put this all together using what you just learned ( stay with me now ) it goes something like this . . . " target x " has a damage resistance stat 21.2% . you cast ray of enfeeblement on target x which reduces his damage mitigation by 15% . over the next several seconds , target x 's damage resistance ( ie : mitigation ) is effectively 6.2% 21.2% - 15% = 6.2%
if you have more units that depend on a strategic resource than you have of that resource , you will suffer a significant combat penalty , see the " strategic resource penalty " line item below : in this case , you will see a negative number on the top status bar by the strategic resource you are lacking . it does not matter how your strategic resources get into the negatives - you can have a trade deal expire , lose territory , or have an improvement pillaged , the effect is the same . 50% lost strength is a severe penalty - it makes these units worse than contemporary units that do not require resources ( ie , it makes a swordsman worse than a spearman ) and can even make the unit weaker than units of previous eras . the quantity you are over does not seem to matter , either . you can be -1 or -5 with the same 50% penalty . i tested this just now on a hotseat game between two players that were running different difficulty levels . the difficulty level did not seem to impact it either . further , i tried two different units , a swordsman and a roman legion and both had the same penalty applied . another side effect of going into the negatives is that any unit you were building that depends on that resource will immediately cancel . when i reconnected the strategic resource , i was able to resume production where it left off . i do not believe patch or dlc matters , but for the record this was in a game with all the current expansions/dlc ( civ5 gold , gods and kings , brave new world ) available .
they are randomly generated . and here 's a great news for you . i have created a little webpage for generating the same exact names that are found on portal 2 coop end credits . see http://ericgagnon.net/portal2jobtitle ( refresh to get a new job title ) . it is a rest service so you guys can actually use it for your own apps or you can also get the source code in php . where you can find the list : inside XYZ:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\scripts\vscripts\credits\credits_coop.nut there is a section that contains job prefixes , middle and suffixes : and on line 639 of that same file , there is the script that randomly generates the job title :
apparently it is a known , and so far ignored , problem . one kind-of workaround is to set the graphics to -ultralowdetail , which for some weird reason usually solves this ( revert to normal details later , because the ultralow are really ultralow and horrible as it sounds ) . sometimes , even with higher details , if you go at one end of the screen and then another end , and do a little jump , the level starts scrolling . it is not much good , since it increases way too much startup time and frustration .
there is only one ending in the single player campaign , no other maps exist to allow for any sort of variation ( unless you count dying as an " ending" ) . most of the " multiple endings " talk thrown around online are in reference to the co-op and single player being different .
the galaxy at war progress is a simple multiplier that applies to all your saves , new and old . i have confirmed that my several characters all get the same readiness bonus . after playing multiplayer . war assets provided from promoting a multiplayer character are different ; like all war assets , they are tried to your single player save , so if you promote a character , they will not be in your new save . unfortunately the mass effect wiki does not confirm this but my own playthroughs have .
there was a very good article targeted at doppelganger 's as a player character race that might have some helpful information . before gaining polymorph control : medium-sized humanoids can wear all armor and use weapons . hill orcs are guaranteed at level 2 , and are strong monsters elf and dwarf mummies are reasonably fast , and do not have to eat , making them if you want to wait around and sacrifice at an altar doppelgangers can start polymorphing into mind flayers with a reasonable chance of success at level 6 or 7 ; the brain-eating attack will make short work of most monsters , but is useless against those without heads or brains , and downright dangerous against monsters with passive attacks . note that mind flayers will not be stoned by attacking cockatrices ; the tentacle attack is instead turned off . although not guaranteed until level 8 , a level 5-7 character has a reasonable chance of polymorphing into a basilisk . they are essentially stronger cockatrices , with the same passive attacks . as such , they can be very handy for getting through the gnomish mines . note that nutrition can be a problem , since you can not eat statues . also , the similar asphynx may look appealing , being faster , but it can carry very few items , and cannot pick any up at all . blue jellies have a powerful passive attack and are a guaranteed polymorphable form at level 4 . unfortunately , they are also immobile and their lack of carrying capacity will result in nutriton burn if you do not first drop all of your equipment . if a non-cold resistant monster attacks you in melee they will take damage and heal you , possibly also causing you to split creating tame blue jellies . this can be useful for survival in the gnomish mines , and the tame jellies can be abandoned and killed after becoming untame as a source of cold resistance . gargoyles and winged gargoyles can sit and lay eggs that will hatch has gargoyles , winged gargoyles cannot wear body armor but normal ones can . both forms also have excellent natural ac . baby dragons are guaranteed starting at level 4 . they can lay eggs , which will then hatch tame . unfortunately , the larger disparity between the base levels of baby and adult dragons in slash'em makes getting pets dragons from baby dragons harder , although not impossible . demons have low natural ac , good attacks , and are a source of powerful pets through demon gating . the weaker demons become guaranteed polymorphable forms before a doppelganger gains intrinsic polymorph control at level 9 as well . chasmes can attack quickly and can repeatedly put foes to sleep . great for killing shopkeepers ( though this will come at the cost of -5 alignment if you kill the shopkeeper without having him/her become angry with you due to not waking up ) . after gaining polymorph control giant shoggoths are about the most powerful form , making short work of just about any monster , including one-eyed sam . they are stoning resistant , can eat metal , are quite fast and have teleport control . unfortunately , they are also blind , and have no hands . thus , they make poor traveling forms , but are excellent for problem-solving . crystal golems are too large to wear body armor , but intrinsically possess magic resistance , reflection , fire , cold , sleep and shock resistance . they will always have 300 hp as well . while their melee attack only does the damage of your wielded weapon/bare-handed combat abilities , they also possess a random breath weapon , possibly including disintegration . skeletons are somewhat slow , but are reasonably strong , stoning resistant , have a good natural ac and can wear all armor and use weapons . the slow speed can be offset by intrinsic speed or ( better ) speed boots . master mind flayers are stronger than normal mind flayers . note , however , that in slash'em they oddly have fewer brain-eating attacks than normal mind flayers . dragons of any color have excellent defensive and offensive capabilities and by sitting they can lay eggs , which can then grow into pets . black dragons have disintegration breath , which is instadeath to most things . xorns and earth elementals have the ability to travel through walls . stealing from shops is easy and escaping into the middle of nowhere to heal up is a great bonus .
all these are sourced from magickapedia bestest beam : super steam lightning beam sqfqfaa damage/sec ~701 bestest projectile : blizzardball d-qr-qr-qr-qr damage 2304 changed 10011 bestest projectile barrage : super wet arcane lightning express q-r-q-r-q-r-a-s-f damage ~3000 bestest nova : super arcane steam lightning nova s-q-f-q-f-a-a damage 2802 elemental blades : no hard data , but i know that having a lightning blade helps up the lightning effect , so it depends what off-hand weapon you have arcane blades : super arcane steam lightning blade s-q-f-q-f-a-a damage ~2800 fissure blades : no hard data , guessing that * arcane freeze-wall fissure * q-r-r-e-d-s would be best walls : exploding electric ice wall e-q-r-q-r-a-s damage 4000 - 5000 storms : steam lightning storm e-q-f-a damage 60 - fast ticks mines : three-way tie . 260 damage each : fire lightning mines ( e-s-f-a ) , steam lightning mines ( e-s-q-f-a ) , cold lightning mines ( e-s-r-a ) barrier : supersupersupersuper stone shield edddd also , self-cast spell : rock rock rock rock and rock ddddd will instantly kill any shieldless wizard , from memory it does about 1700 damage .
the " interact " button ( default e ) can be used to arm mcoms with the eod bot . the repair tool ( fire key , default left mouse ) can repair friendly vehicles , damage enemy vehicles , and also disarm/dispose of enemy explosives , such as c4 . it can also kill , just like the normal repair tool , although getting close enough to do so can be tricky . you can " aim " the repair torch to an extent by moving your mouse , but there is no control for moving the torch arm around any more than that .
play against other players ! ~ i am a firm believer in playing against other players to improve . a lot of players avoid multiplayer due to the high level of stress over stats . the simple reality is even the best of players sit around ~60% win/loss . the very nature of the matchmaking is designed to pit you against players of equal skill and there is no shame in losing . while playing against computers may help you get your timings right you are missing out on a very integral part of the game itself : the meta-game . the meta game the meta-game can best be described as the current style of players and techniques in the game . when the beta started , 3 barracks terran was the ' standard ' opening . it was not until later that a solid 1:1:1 ( barracks into factory into starport ) was an accepted strategy . this evolution of the game ( fueled by the community ) leads to dynamic strategies . knowing and identifying these strategies is often the difference between a decent player and a great player . why its better to play against other players by playing against a computer you lose the ability to identify and recognize an opponent 's build when you scout him . these skills are essential in all levels of play ! by recognizing the build a player can then ' expect ' a certain army make-up or army size . playing against a computer just will not teach you real player 's timings , popular builds , and scouting . lets take an example : how does the community view tvz on lost temple ? currently terran can cause serious damage to most players by doing a 1:1:1 into thor and dropping it on the cliff overlooking zerg 's natural . why is this successful ? currently zerg has accepted that going for an early hatchery against terran is relatively safe . this perspective ( dictated by the meta-game ) is already fluctuating ! you just do not get this sort of thing against a computer . an insane computer has built in advantages to negate your intelligence ! the enemy computer ( on insane ) gathers at an increased rate over a regular player , making their strategies unachievable for regular players ! most rts 's do this ! because player 's constantly evolve to beat the ai , the game developers program and advantage into the ai to help them be competitive . enemy workers return 7 minerals a carry instead of 5 , a 40% collection bonus . this 40% collection bonus leads to a larger army than any player can achieve at that time . this leads to bigger pushes with more units and loses the ' feeling ' of an even game . in addition to that the insane ai does not need to scout you . while the computer does not react to your build like another player , it also does not need to scout to find your ' hidden expansions ' . if you only have one building left on the map the insane computer will walk to it directly ( without scouting ) . this can be absolutely game changing ! against another player hiding a unit building structure ( starport or dark-shrine comes to mind ) can be the difference between a win and a loss if scouted ! the crux these advantages lead to fighting a larger , and more educated ( scouting ) then possible army . this may help you improve your general mechanics : building placement , not getting supply blocked or early game timing . however , the actual game play is so dramatically different that you would be better off playing against any level of human opponent ( even if they are no competition to you ) . real players are much more aware of the evolution of the meta-game ( whether they know it or not ) and practicing against real strategies is the only way to improve . but every ladder loss feels like hades ripping a piece of pride directly out of my soul there is a solution for this too ! find a practice partner to play custom games with . this will give you the ability to improve ( and for them to improve ) as both of you explore the game . but the real benefit to this is human vs human strategies without the stress of recorded ladder stats . hope this help !
the developer ended up responding to me on his forums : windows %appdata%/hackslashloot/data/ ( for me , "%appdata%" was c:\users\myusername\appdata\roaming ) mac ~/library/application support/hackslashloot/data/ linux ~/ . hackslashloot/data/ furthermore , it seems that class unlocks are tied entirely to the number of player deaths . die a lot , and more classes will unlock . if you do not have access to the computer you were originally playing on and wish to unlock the classes ( or if you just want to unlock them all early , since " dying a lot " really is not any measure of skill ) simply edit the number of " totaldeaths " in the settings . xml file to be a large number .
categorized favorites menu provides this , although the last time i used it ( a few versions back ) it had a few quirks , and sometimes did not actually equip everything it was meant to . might be fixed by now though .
t7 is by default a tank . you may think " what , why ? jedi knight is a tank " well not exactly , the guardian ac of jk is tankish , but the other half is not , so they added the first companion to be a tank by default . if you are a tank yourself and do not want it to get hurt , then you can disable the ' taunt ' ability it has so it does not use it . open your companion 's ability bar , look for the taunt and disable it by ( right clicking ? ) on the ability . the little gem on the upper left corner of the icon should turn off . as for how to heal the companion , you can buy med packs that heal both you and the companion from biochemists , check the gtn there should be plenty there .
in theory if you critical while doing a backstab you are more likely to one-shot your target and thus have the chance to trigger the assassination animation ( though i have become quite fond of the face to face animation as opposed to the from behind one ) . it has been found out that most of the perks in the one handed tree actually do not affect daggers because of the bonuses they get from the assassination perk along with the shrouded gloves making them do 30x damage total when used from stealth . despite this , it should be noted that a critical strike from an assassination attack has been noted to do around 32,000 damage ( which is why its understandable that the perks do not affect them : ) ) . . . even on master with all the ups and downs there is nothing in the game that could actually survive that . i have a set of daedric daggers that are legendary , but they were just crafted with 100 skill , maybe a 10-15% smithing item i might have found along the way but no real effort into maxing out the stats on them . . i have had no problem one-shoting anything i have been able to sneak up upon with these . i would say that in general the critical strike perks are a waste of perk points for an assassin . further more an assassin should want to keep things on as much of an even keel as possible . if you are relying on a critical strike and it only happens 50% of the time , then you are going to fail half of the time . much better to just work on getting a nice set of daggers to lead with so you can consistently kill anything that does not see you .
she stands around at the hidden camp before quest 8 , right at the edge of the cliff . like captain rumford in new tristram she always only has one topic at a time , and one of these topics will make her drop her poem .
spoilers ahead , do not read until much later in the game , same deal as all the rest of the bioshock infinite questions . later on in the game , in a sort of side-exploration destination , you will find a tear in the house of albert fink , as you head back to comstock house after finding the third tear . from it , you will hear a modern song ( "girls just want to have fun " , of all things ) . jerimiah fink congratulates his brother for discovering such rifts in a voxophone , saying " dear brother , these holes in the thin air continue to pay dividends . i know not which musician you borrow your notes from , but if he has half the genius of the biologist i now observe , well . . . then you are to be the mozart of columbia . " this implies that both of them had access to the tears . update after digging through the voxophone transcripts , i have found even more answers on the significance of this . a voxophone found in finkton proper or in the good time club recorded by jeremiah fink : " i had thought you a fool , dear brother . when you told me that you heard wonderful music trumpetting from holes in the thin air . i began to doubt your mental integrity . but not only have you made your fortune from these doodads , you have lit the path for me as well . " that voxophone does not have much significance until later , in the factory : " these holes have shown me yet another wonder , though i have yet to see the application for it . they illuminate a merger of machine and man that is somehow the lesser , yet the greater , of both parties . the process seems to be irreversible . perhaps , though , comstock will have some need of this kind of thing to keep watch in that tower of his . " this likely reveals the origin of the handymen , firemen , and possibly the motorized patriots . the final voxophone loses significance , given these others : " dear brother , these holes in the thin air continue to pay dividends . i know not which musician you borrow your notes from , but if he has half the genius of the biologist i now observe , well . . . then you are to be the mozart of columbia . " the real significance of the room . . . . . . lies in the actual tear in the room , since before this point , it is not entirely clear what exactly fink means by " holes in the thin air "
floating islands are generally natural formations that are made on the map , however you are free to create them yourself . basically , any block outside of sand and gravel do not actually obey gravity , and simply stay in place when the block below them is destroyed ( or when placed adjacent to another block with nothing underneath it ) . using this simple concept , you can create your own floating platforms by first building using a grounded scaffold , and then destroying the scaffold . if you " sneak " ( check your configuration for the key ) then you will not fall off the edge of any block , so you can place several adjacent blocks while on top of your platform by looking over the edge of the platform and placing a block . this will allow you to create vast floating platforms . as for lava you need a bucket crafted and a lava source block , that is , a block of lava that is not " flowing " . you can than harvest the lava source block while holding the bucket and right clicking on the lava source block . you can then place this like any other block ( and lava will start to flow from the source block ) .
Do you want your possessions identified? [ynq] (y) y &lt;snip/&gt; e - a ring of conflict (worn)  . . . duh . > . &lt ;
up until a few years ago , when playing almost any variation from the street fighter series on a console system , there was a slight to severe bias against players who did not play on stick . they were not considered " real players " because it was felt that pads did not provide an arcade-like experience . also , evo rules ( the standard for most tournaments in north america ) state that you are allowed to use macro maps ( e . g . map one button to 3 x k ) . both xbox and ps3 controllers have eight buttons ( not including l3 , r3 , select or start ) . these controllers allow players access to all of the buttons that are on an arcade stick ( i am using arcade here to indicate six-buttons as most sticks produced now have eight ) , as well as have two other readily-accessible buttons which can be mapped to macros which register more than one button press when pressed . when i competed at evo 2009 in vanilla ( note , i am in no way pro ) , i mained sagat and used a ps3 pad . when i set up my button macros , i set up my l2 button to be a mp + mk , which allowed me to more easily execute tiger uppercut -> fadc -> f + hk -> ultra : at the time , the madcatz te sticks ( thank you mark julio ) were not as prevalent as they are today ( the sticks were introduced when the street fighter series was rebooted with street fighter iv ) . these sticks include an eight-button layout in street fighter four mapped the extra buttons to ppp and kkk by default . before then , sticks from hori were pretty much the norm , and they only provided the standard six-button layout , so it was seen that pad players had the advantage because of the ability to ( legally ) assign macros to the extra buttons . there are players who that claim that they actually have better responses on a stick due to being able to use multiple fingers to hit buttons ( whereas on a pad , you typically use your thumb to hit multiple buttons , sliding it over them ) . most importantly , there are some fighting games which contained glitches at various points which allowed input from the d-pad and the analog sticks at the same time . this allowed for things such as a walking spinning pile driver from zangief ( although it is possible to do without dual directional controls ) . when these glitches were known , it was something that had to be watched out for in tournament play . then there was east coast throwdown 2 . at ect2 , dmg inthul took third in super street fighter 4 using a ps3 pad ( as well as the tournament mvp ) , earning him the nickname " pad-long " . note that in his bracket he had to beat sanford " santhrax " kelly and arturo " sabin " sanchez ( not exactly newbies ) to do this . it was after this point that i feel that acceptance for pad players grew and you started to see the focus on more pad players to the point where you now see them in the top of the brackets at major tournaments . shissa and vangief made splashes at evo 2010 while recently wolfkrone ( who plays a very technical character , c . viper ) has been very visible at major fighting game tournaments lately ( although it should be noted that he is played street fighter x tekken from day one on stick ) . to that end , i believe that the answer was always " no " , that to play at the professional level ( defining professional as consistently placing highly at majors ) , it is just only within the last few years that it is become more accepted as a matter of choice ( although beware , evo rules state that you can not use wireless controllers , so always bring the wire ! ) . it should also be noted that this mentality does not really exist in the marvel community . for the longest time , marvel vs . capcom 2 ( which kept the fighting game community on life support for more than a decade ) was played on consoles competitively on the sega dreamcast ( due to it being the most faithful port of the game ) . during that time , one of marvel 's most famous players , fanatiq was involved in two of the biggest money matches ever , playing on pad . the first one being vs toan with $50k total : and the second as part of team cali against sanford kelly with $24k total : fanatiq gives specific insight into his decision to play on pad here : final note : with the standardization you see across most sticks nowadays , the one major advantage that you get with playing on a stick is consistency . if you play on a pad and are used to a specific vendor/system pad , then you are limited in your options when playing in tournaments with other systems , or in the event you do not have your equipment or it breaks . since most arcade sticks follow the madcatz te design ( which in itself , is very similar to the layout in vewlix cabs ) , you will find that if you go to any tournament , you can play on pretty much any system ( including arcade ) consistently given the familiarity with stick without worry about damage or loss of yours ( or , as happens often , you can bum a stick off anyone hanging around and not be impacted ) . if you are still looking to play on a pad , then you have some options , each with pros and cons : getting an adapter for your preferred pad to the target system pros : you will always be comfortable with the type of pad if your pad breaks , you can get a new pad and use the adapter cons : adapters introduce lag , which is tricky when timing and execution are everything cannot use on arcade cabs ( for games which are in the arcades . btw , you have not played until you play in japan , it is so choice ) installing a secondary pcb in the pad of your choice pros : always be comfortable with the type of pad cons : no lag , as it is a real pcb for the target system if it breaks , unless you have a second pad with the same dual pcb cannot use on arcade cabs buying a mad catz/pdp or other brand pad pros : styled the same for both systems , consistent feel no matter the platform have a better chance of finding someone with something similar if you can not use yours for some reason cons : cannot use on arcade cabs
i have not verified the work around , but i can confirm that on a pc with origin , if you have any kind of dlc linked to your account you must be connected to the internet long enough to load your save . if you are disconnected at any time prior to that you will not be able to load your save or do anything really except start a new game . short answer : no offline play with dlc .
well , it involves a lot of use in the rubees room . take a look around , there is a couple of characters that are willing to give you some " info " in exchange for some rupees . first , earn 100 rubees in the generator room and take them to the room on the 1st floor , where the prisoner on the left will exchange them for the code to the locked room on the 2nd floor ( the wheel room ) in the wheel room you need to grab 10,000 rubees ( does not take too long in that room ) and them use them to pay the prisoner in the break room who can only be seen by flipping , here will exchange them for the code to the vault . hope all this helps .
i have not discovered every last secret in the game , so i can not claim to be authoritative , but based on what i have experienced in this game so far and from my experience with prior games in the series : you can not participate in any kind of co-op or pvp , obviously . you can not read or write messages . you can not meaningfully participate in ( or earn rewards from ) any convenants that require pvp or co-op interaction to do so . certain boss fights or protected areas that are designed to bring in other human players as opponents will probably use ai-controlled npcs in those players ' place . all of the story/npc elements are almost certainly still accessible , as npc progress is solely based on your solo exploration and interactions , which are mechanically unchanged in offline mode . this is also how it worked in both previous souls games . the sole exception to this may be any covenant npc dialog or events that are only accessible after you have ranked up in one of the aforementioned co-op or pvp-oriented covenants .
i believe anyone in a multiplayer game can skip dialog or cutscenes , and the skip effects everyone in the game . sometimes it is just enough to say " hey , i have not played this yet , do you mind ? " - but at other times you might want to just go solo for your first playthrough . if , however , you are committed to playing with others , and those others are being unreasonable-poopy-head-dialog-skippers , you can review the quest dialog and cinematics at your own pace whenever you wish . in addition to using the main menu cinematics option ( as has been already suggested ) to see the in-game cinematics that occur between chapters and at major plot milestons , there is a good database of all the dialog in the game , for each class , on the diablo 3 db pages . for example , this link will show you the quest dialog for the very first quest in the game . i tend to play diablo 3 via a " non-steam game " shortcut , which gives me the steam overlay . with the overlay 's browser , you can be on the db while you game .
i did some research on the subject and am able to conclude that the computer will never elect to kick-off , they will always receive . i started a game against each nfl team and restarted until i lost the coin-flip . my findings : 100% of the time they won the coin-flip , they elected to receive . i tried it in different weather/stadiums/winds/postseason and they still choose to receive .
the damage_amount part of the /give player data_value:damage_amount quantity notation only works when you install the essentials plugin for bukkit . for example : /give player_name 35:1 quantity gives you orange wool /give player_name 35:2 quantity gives you magenta wool /give player_name 44:3 quantity gives you cobblestone slabs /give player_name 358:1 quantity gives you map_1 note that this syntax also works for the /i command , except it does not require the player_name variable ( giving yourself ) .
the key is that speed of zombie spawning is somewhat controlled by how fast you kill them , so try to make it as slow as possible . potato mines are great early on . snow peas are also good at doing slow damage . and of course you can just throw up walls for them to slowly eat through . buy yourself enough time and you should have no problem getting enough sunflowers going .
no , the rocket boots can not be found in any chests , do not drop from shadow orbs or bosses . . . list of treasures around the terraria world please note that most coins and hearts are not included . the following items can drop when you break pots : stack of bombs stack of lesser healing potions stack of torches stack of wooden arrows the following items can be found in any chests , they take up the other slots : stack of arrows stack of bottles stack of copper bars stack of iron bars stack of jester 's arrows stack of gold bars stack of gold coins stack of lesser healing potions stack of silver bars stack of torches stack of shuriken the following items can only be found in buried chests : angel statue band of regeneration cloud in a bottle dynamite enchanted boomerang hermes boots magic mirror the following items can only be found in underwater chests : breathing reed flipper the following items can only be found in floating island house chests : lucky horseshoe shiny red ballon starfury the following items can only be found in jungle shrine chests : anklet of the wind feral claws staff of regrowth the following items can only be found in dungeon chests : aqua scepter blue moon cobalt shield hand gun magic missile muramasa the following items can drop from shadow orbs : ball ' o hurt band of starpower musket with a stack of musket balls orb of light vilethorn the first shadow orb broken in a world ( not destroyed with dynamite ) will always drop a musket and several musket balls , from then on the drop is chosen at random from the list above . the following items can drop from the eye of cthulhu : stack of corrupt seeds stack of demonite ores stack of lesser healing potions stack of unholy arrows the following items can drop from the eater of worlds : shadow helmet shadow greaves shadow scalemail stack of demonite ores stack of shadow scale the skeletron only drops stacks of lesser healing potions , but gives you free access to the dungeon . the following items can drop from the bone serpent : flamelash sunfury and then there are still the monster drops , i find the following confirmed ones worth listing : hook by skeletons , dead miners and piranhas ; used to form a grappling hook later . vine by man eater jungle armor by man eater and hornets rocket boots by goblins harpoon by goblins spiky ball by goblins
there is no karma system in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning , you can do whatever you want and it wont really change anything in the game world ( except very few exceptions like the canneroc village , where you can change the fate of the village but it still wont have any impact on the rest of the game other then the village itself ) . quote from ign review by colin moriarty : there is not a karma system of any kind in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning . you do make choices throughout the game , but none of them are consequential enough to slant you down one direction or the other . doing something like slaughtering villagers will catch the attention of local authorities , however , who will attempt to arrest you . then again , you could fight them , pay them off , or break out of jail if you had like . . . so the answer to your entitled question is : no , your bad/good karma will not catch up to you .
i tried this out recently , and all i could find was at wsgf but it works pretty well . since then , this is now officially fixed in battlefield 2 patch 1.5: i can confirm the latest battlefield 2 patch ( version 1.5 ) " fixed " the widescreen issues . although the main menu and some hud bars are stretched , and not in " proper " view .
as of the latest build , the quickest and most direct way to unselect a target is to bind the Lock Autotarget to an easily accessible key on your keyboard . despite what the tooltip might suggest , tapping the assigned key will untarget anything you are currently targeting .
heimskr 's house is close to the gildergreen tree in the center of whiterun , very close to the shrine of talos where heimskr preaches during the day . the uesp 's map of skyrim might be useful if you are having trouble finding it . if you have completed a certain quest : the civil war quest " battle for whiterun " his house will have been blocked by debris . in this case , it will be inaccessible permanently . if you are doing a thieves ' guild radiant quest , ( and i am pretty sure you are , as this is the only reason to go to his house for a quest ) just go back to vex and quit the quest in this case . you can quit these quests and ask for new ones at any time with no penalty ( besides some snarky responses from the questgivers ) .
no stopping power or juggernaut type perks . killstreaks are not stackable . you will have to earn all the killstreak rewards yourself theater mode . you can actually record gameplay without a capture card sleight of hand pro will not increase the speed of aiming down sights for sniper rifles all snipers rifles with be one-hit kills from the chest up . you can actually see what your character will look like based on the tier 1 perk you choose . wager match game types : sticks and stones , sharpshooter , one in the chamber and gun game combat training -- you can play computer controlled bots on multiplayer maps some multiplayer maps have interactive environments scavenger will only resupply ammunition and lethal grenades the equipment slot regional match making - it will be easier to find player closer to you customizable game mode - you can now share these types of games with other players weapons prestige - your weapons can now prestige like players can .
latency wise , if you are connecting from eu to a us server then you can expect some lag although not a heck ton ( varies from server to server ) . the players connecting to the same server from the us will have a minor edge although not a whole lot , to the contrary ; if you were , for example , connecting to a us server from australia you could expect some hefty latency ( most of the time ) . it is not at all ' cheating ' in any way as far as i know . if you had prefer to avoid these latency issues just try connect to a server in the eu ( if you are there ; otherwise connect to a server in the same region ) .
complete list of pictures of this building ( travian v4.2 ) :
in order to get coins from any animals , gold mice , blue mice , bats , spiders , etc . , you have to flash them with your light . the strobe light not the dark light . it does not have to be any specific charge just a quick flash , and poof , they explode and gold pops out . gold mice give a gold bar , same goes for other gold animals . blue mice give 1 gold , all non-gold flying creatures give a note/bill which is 5 gold , etc . i do not think i have encountered all the animals yet but if i find information i will update this answer with the gold values of the animals .
in the end i just used a couple of ender chests , with wooden pipes and autarchic gates to pull the bees out of the indexer . it took a little while but was relatively easy . the only downside is i had to build another indexer rather than reuse the old one , but they are not that expensive .
unfortunately not . the android operating system is different enough from windows that simply transferring the files over will not be enough . you can not play desktop games this way . in addition the android xcom is probably different enough that enemy within is almost certainly not even compatible . your best bet would simply be to wait until it is released on android .
yes and no - yes you can use your old ea account to play bf2 and no you cannot connect with your 2142 account . before there were 2 accounts : ea account for game-support etc and 2142 account to log in the game . now it is just one - ea account ( your email address is used a login ) . you can access battlefield veteran page and use your 2142 account to get a veteran status for your ea account .
ambush is in act 1 scene 2 . i believe it to be the 5th section source : http://guides.gamepressure.com/tomclancysrainbowsixvegas2/guide.asp?id=4544 ( right hand side )
one truly excellent method of finding a ' roid to strip is a bit non-intuitive : get a mission ! mining ( and to a lesser extent , combat ) missions create little dungeons that only you can easily get to . sometimes these little pocket areas have some really nice ' roids in them ! go in with a combat ship and destroy all opposition . go in with a mining boat and get some ore . note that jetcan mining is fairly safe this way since it is not really a public area you are mining ! go in with a hauler and collect all your jetcans full of yummy ore ! light caveats : you can be scanned out while you are in this pocket mission area , but you should not be there long enough for it to really matter . jetcans pop after an hour or two , but again they should not be there that long before you empty them . likely the biggest threat will be the ' interesting ' rats that spawn in that mission space , be on the lookout for things your mining boat attack drones can not pop for you ! i have actually mined ark in hisec inside mission space , it is a pretty sweet deal ! a bit more time-consuming than simply stripping all the local belts , but on the upside very private and secluded . enjoy !
because master yi cannot be slowed , he does not receive the debuff or any stacks , preventing him from being stunned . http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2052671
smite has 5 roles , each specializing in " the usual moba fit " , but some cases offering more . the main conquest map has 3 lanes and a jungle . lanes are short , mid , and long as defined by distance between towers . guardian - generally the tanks in the game . they can take a beating and support the team with lots of cc abilities . however , there are damage oriented guardians ( hades , ares , athena ) that can also be just as threatening as the other damage dealing roles . guardians are usually in the long lane with the hunter hunter - the ranged damage dealer of the team . generally needs the help of guardian 's cc to secure many kills . there are hunters with good survivability like nieth , ah muzen cab , and cupid that they can fend for themselves in the short lane as well . hunters are mainly in the long lane with guardians assassin - assassins spend most of their time in the jungle and gank ( ambush ) enemies who are out of place to deal lots of damage very quickly . some assassins can partner up with warriors in the short lane , or guardians in the long lane to be beneficial as well . assassins jungle warrior - kind of a mixture between assassins and guardians . they hit pretty hard , but can also take a beating . warriors are often solo in the short lane or with the assassin . they are designed to be the " jack of all trades , master of none " . warriors generally solo the short lane mage - a mixture between hunter and assassin , mages deal incredible damage at range , but are very very squishy . some mages ( aphrodite , chang'e , and hel ) work well in the short lane helping the warrior with their incredible healing capabilities and generally build/work as guardians instead . mages spend their time solo in mid lane the current most common meta is 1-1-2 with jungler . i have seen different games where 2-1-2 , and 1-2-1 with jungle work as well though . it boils down to teamwork , awareness , and knowing your role .
you do have 100 health , only the exact number is not shown on the hud . continuous damage will kill you , but your health fully regenerates very quickly when you are not damaged for a bit . you can observe this in portal 1 by giving yourself the hev suit ( console command give item_suit , needs sv_cheats to be enabled ) , which causes your health to be visible . in portal 2 , issuing ent_dump player after being shot at by a turret displayed the following , so it is pretty safe to assume that it works the exact same way as in 1: ] ent_dump player [...] max_health: 100 health: 10 [...] 
no . from all my searching , i never found one , or the parts to make one . you will be able to return later for a follow up mission , missing person , which you find on the job board in wellspring . you can also return to the ghost hideout while roaming freely . i just tested and got in the door .
i do not think the decisions really make a difference ; they are just there to let you develop your character 's identity a little . pretty much the same things will happen regardless of how you respond , but it serves as a nice aesthetic touch . if you want a reference , i quote the following from a review : the player is allowed to " respond " at certain points with one of 4 emotional responses ( positive , enthusiastic , negative , or angry ) . while this has little impact on the actual game , it adds a bit of the player 's personality into the otherwise mysterious silent character .
mutagens boost your abilities which allow a mutagen slot . you can loot one from a defeated enemy or you can create one as a byproduct of alchemy . to apply a mutagen , go into quick menu and choose meditation ( default key : ctrl ) , then select the character option and find an ability that has a mutagen slot ( list of abilities with mutagen slots ) . the mutation cannot be reversed . mutagens usually take one of three forms : lesser , basic and greater . each of these forms raises the characters statistics , but by a different amount : critical effects mutagen : increases the chance of causing critical effect . range mutagen : increases the range of the aard , igni and axii signs . vitality mutag : increases vitality . power mutagen : increases sword damage . strength mutagen : increases damage reduction . concentration mutagen : increases sign damage . madness mutagen : +2 armor , +5 vitality enhancement mutagen : increases adrenaline generation on hitting foe
i am doing my sl1 run right now and for me raw damage output per blow is definitely not all that matters . i prefer to have a weapon with a nice move set and i have upgraded two hand axes with lightning and fire for quite decent damage ( 400 total for +5 lightning ) and really fast blows with low stamina drainage ( = around five blows in quick succession ) . but sure , for maximum damage the reinforced club is the way to go as far as i know .
yes , there a quite a few ways . come with me on an adventure in redstone optimization ! you can place redstone repeaters behind each of the pistons as shown below . this will direct the input into the piston and prevent those annoying loops that usually do not accomplish anything . this will take up much less space , but uses a total of 18 redstone dust . a more redstone efficient design would be this . it uses only 11 redstone dust . other players not required . this method works because a piston can be powered by an adjacent powered block . this design ( courtesy of tristan ) uses a minimalistic 7 redstone . the lever powers both the block that it occupies and the block it attaches to . the hole on the right is required to keep the signals going to the two pistons separate . finally , this uses a measly 4 redstone . since you are powering 4 pistons , i think 4 redstone is likely as low as you are going to get . science !
on windows 7 ( and presumably vista too ) i found the save games in %AppData%\Vessel , which contains the .sav save game files .
if you are headed for the lab , it has an excellent place to gain xp . it is a short corridor ( two screens ) with 4 enemies giving 100 xp each . just run back and forth right there and you will get to level 35+ pretty fast . this room is on the second floor , right where you flip the switch to open access to the 3rd floor : image comes from this useful walkthrough which also recommends the same room for getting xp .
no , you can not kick people while in the game , you can only kick in the lobby . there is really nothing you can do to prevent players from doing something stupid or going afk in the game except to only play private games .
it seems that you need to be at the third rank of the reputation to be able to convince din korlak to send his fleet to save the volus ' one . this will cause turian sixth fleet to suffer -10 points , but you will get voolus bombing fleet which value is 75 points . unless you zaed is alive , where there will be no penalty . source : list of maximizing war assets thread on bioware forum
maximum reputation is 1050 , with thresholds at 210 , 420 , 630 , 840 . numbers from coalesced.bin .
in an article found here : rap sections use a combination of speech recognition and rhythm detection . essentially , not only do you have to get the timing right , but the words have to " sound " correct , too . try enunciating your words as clearly as possible so that the audio recognition software can interpret you better .
after toying around and looking at @mbraedley 's response ( thanks for the inspiration and help btw :d ) i came up with this : i have done this on two orientations ( as seen in the background , ) and have not had any mine carts get destroyed or pigs killed . the only down side , is the fact that the animals gets slightly hurt by the cactus . the green wool is where the minecarted animal would be coming from . a hopper system under the water carries the minecarts to the appropriate place . the half slab is there so you can open the chest . lastly is the collecting pool for the pigs . you may be able to get away with having a one wide stream , but i found having a 5 by 4 pool is the safest way to do it . make sure to put water in the corners ( highlighted by orange wool ) to make sure it flows properly . after this just make sure to continue the stream , to take your animals to wherever they need to be ! thanks again to mbraedley for his post , and i hope this helps !
in most documentation i have seen it referred to as the " funny face crusher " hyper combo . it is only available at or above photography level 3 . it is an air grab move so your opponent must be airborne in order for frank to perform this attack . it is performed with a z on the directional control starting with forward ( towards your opponent ) ( forward , down , down-forward ) followed by 2 attack buttons . these details can be found on the character guide and on the wikia ( where they oddly call it " funny face circuit" ) this hyper is not mashable but you can actually net more hits and damage by spinning the joystick around repeatedly during the giant swing animation . funny face crusher leaves the opponent in an untechable knockdown state and frank can actually continue to combo after this move by using the heavy version of tools of survival . . . when continuing a combo after funny face crusher , always remember that the hyper will leave you on the opposite side of where you started . . .
from the dwarf fortress wiki : the first two migrant waves have a minimum size of 2 and a maximum size of 10 . the size of these waves are unaffected by fortress wealth . the third migrant wave and on are influenced by the created wealth of the fortress , with more wealth attracting more immigrants ( more research is needed to determine specifics ) . specifically , they are influenced by the fortress wealth as reported by the last outgoing dwarven caravan . wealth created after the caravan leaves has no influence until the next year 's caravan leaves . if the caravan fails to make it out then the fortress ' wealth is not reported . the dwarven liaison does not report on fortress wealth , in those circumstances where the liaison makes it out but the caravan does not . imported wealth , caravan sales figures , absolute caravan profit and caravan profit margin either have no effect on migration numbers , or only have an effect by applying a percent modification to the numbers driven by created wealth . if a fortress manages to trade ( not offer ) away 100% of its created wealth then no immigrants will come the next season .
after doing some testing , it seem to be quite random . either random between all the plant ( survival endless ) or random between a row ( in the adventure ) . what worked best was to play the adventure however and ever . in the level that correspond to row of the plant i am going , there is reasonable probability that i will have it after getting a few . not sure , but improve the odd over playing survival endless .
link carries the triforce on his left hand , while zelda and gannondorf carry it on their right . link also carries his sword in his left hand , so we know he is left handed . zelda and gannondorf both appear to be right-handed .
there is no hard-and-fast rule other than simply installing them both and seeing if it blows up . however , there are some tricks for guessing ahead of time . firstly , mods which use the same api/framework/loader ( e . g . modloader or minecraft forge ) are much more likely to be compatible with one another than non-framework mods . this is because those apis are created specifically to help prevent mods from conflicting with one another . ( however , it is still possible  even easy  to create conflicts . ) mods which use patchers are also somewhat more likely to be compatible with other mods if installed last . ( patchers work by replacing small bits of minecraft 's code rather than entire files . ) however , patchers are few and far between . the best rule-of-thumb indicator of whether two mods will conflict is to compare the list of .class files they contain . if there are no files which exist in both mods , chances are good that they will work just fine together . if there are one or more files which exist in both , however , there will very likely be a conflict . finally , you can check the mods ' documentation to see if they have notes about compatibility . sometimes , there will be special instructions for getting two mods to work together which otherwise conflict or descriptions of what functionality the conflict will break . ( e . g . toomanyitems and convenient inventory ; controlpack and optimine )
i encountered this bug recently as well , and in fact you do not need to complete the quest without saving ( and good thing too , i was pretty underlevelled for it ) . all you need to do is make your way outside and save there . this seems to clear out whatever it is that was causing the game to crash , and allows you to complete the quest with quicksaves : immediately after the dreamstride , pull the soul gem that is powering the barrier out of the sconce its in . this takes down the barrier to the previous part of the temple . the npc priest of mara comes through the now clear corridor and blathers at you for a little bit about how amazing you are . run past him , up the stairs and out of the temple to skyrim proper . save your game while standing outside of the temple - can be a quicksave or a full save , does not matter . go back inside the temple and complete the quest . you will be able to save .
yes , you can . just try it out : create a level 1 hardcore dummy , then try to delete your non-hardcore character . nothing will stop you from doing so .
i would personally say they are more of a ' bonus ' than something you can rely on . it is nice when he casts that heal that saves you from death that one time , but you will find it was more of a coincidence than something you can replicate with ease . i would go with " do not rely on your follower " .
there are two major factors in determining how effective cc is . the first is mob type . rares and champion packs tend to resist the magnitude of cc effects - this is even explicitly stated on blinding flash 's tooltip ( elites get a chance to miss , rather than being blinded ) . likewise , bosses are also highly resistant to cc . diablo , for instance , can basically ignore the snare from a wizard 's blizzard . the other factor is difficulty - cc effects last less long on higher difficulties . at hell and inferno , stuns , knockbacks , and the like sometimes simply fail to occur in the first place . so to answer your posed scenario - sure , 4 monks could permanently cc a group of normal mobs - but a group of mobs in normal difficulty are not something you had need to permanently cc in the first place .
yes . use nbtedit : http://www.mediafire.com/?m6h39bmfb7bl25e editor by copyboy from minecraftforum .net: http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/6661-nbtedit/ download it , and run , click file -> open then go to your minecraft server directory and find players directory and select the name of player you want , for example player . dat you should see something like this : you need to go to " pos " , and there you have it , coords of player you wanted . just double click any to edit it :d
they are earned per kill . i do not know if you can manipulate which bonus that you get ; the bonus that is earned may be at random . i do not know what they are called . update : at least the heat sink ( no overheating ) bonus can be obtained from cracking a crate . this bonus has a diamond-shaped outline unlike the other kill-streak bonuses .
module damage scales with size by following relation : Weapon Size Damage Small 100% Medium 150% Large 225% Huge 337.5%  two medium weapons is better than one large . double turret increase damage but decrease range . source : spaz wiki
in this case , you have just installed the mod wrong . considering the zip 's file structure , it is an easy mistake to make . the zip file has this folder structure ( [ f ] iles and [ d ] irectories as marked ) : notice the .modinfo file at the bottom there ? that is what you are missing . what you most probably did was copy only the Byzantine Mod folder into your Mods folder . you should be able to put the whole Byzantine Mod 2 (v 1) folder into your Mods folder and have it work . note that this is not the same as putting the byzantine mod 2 (v 1) folder or the Byzantine Mod folder into your Mods folder ! when you have it installed , your folder structure should be : . . . though just putting the .modinfo file and its sibling Byzantine Mod folder in the Mods folder without a containing folder should work too .
there are several jungle paths , depending on your jungler and when you first want to gank . junglers usually fall into two categories : red start junglers and blue start junglers some examples : red start : shyvana lee sin riven blue start : maokai skarner olaf warwick the red start route is : wraith -> red buff lizard -> wolves -> wraith -> blue buff golem the blue start route is : wolves -> blue buff golem -> wraith -> wolves -> red buff lizard each route gives you level 2 directly after the first buff , giving you the option of an early gank , depending on your jungler and if one of the lanes is in a situation where you can gank . you use your first smite on the buff creep to finish it off and then when you reach the other buff creep on either route , your smite should be back up again or be close to it ( less than 5s cooldown ) . usually your teammates should cover you against early invades by positioning themselves near the entrances to your jungle . once the wolves or wraiths are close to spawning ( 1:40 ) , your teammates should help you clear that jungle camp by attacking the smaller creeps . if they accidently steal one , it is not that big of a deal , you should still get level 2 after the buff . at 1:55 the buff creeps spawn , at which point the mid player - or in case mid is a melee champion like fizz - the top or bottom lane should auto-attack the creep once and then just run away . this gives you a few seconds in which you can attack the creep without it attacking you , which allows you to kill it while taking a lot less damage . as mentioned above , once the creep gets low enough for your smite to finish it , use the smite . there are smiteless openings but they rely on your teammates staying to attack the buff creep to at least about half health which can cost them precious xp and gold in their own lane . that can put them behind early , so i do not recommend doing that in solo queue . depending on your champion , you might want gank after the buff or continue with normal farming . champions like lee sin always gank straight after the red buff , other junglers like maokai usually wait until they have both buffs . in any case , you should always gank at least as soon as you have both buffs , though where you gank depends on the lane situations and which side of the map you are on . if your champion does not rely on mana or cooldowns - for example lee sin - you can give the first blue buff to the mid champion . when to invade is a complex topic . basically , if you see the enemy jungler on the other side of the map , you can safely invade . for example if you are on the purple side and you have just ganked bottom after taking your blue buff , you then see the opposing jungler in the top lane , that means you can sneak into the opponents jungle and take one of the minor camps . if you do not know where he is , you should only invade if you have an oracles potion so you know when you are walking through a warded area and when you are strong enough to contest or at least escape from the opposing jungler in a 1v1 fight . as for full 5man invades at the start , you have to look at your and your opponents team composition and evaluate which would be stronger at level 1 . if your team would be stronger , go for an invade . if your team is even or weaker , just have people on the lookout at the entrances to your jungle and once all 5 opponents walk in , run away and go to their buff and take that instead . jungling is however not limited to the first 3-4minutes until you have the first two buffs , you also have to keep a lot of stuff in mind all game long . that is : when do your buffs respawn ( 5 minutes from when they are completely cleared ) . be there when they respawn , not 2 minutes later . when do the enemy buffs respawn , it gives you an opening to steal or contest them if you are strong enough compared to the opposing jungler . when you can take dragon . all of those should be the case for a safe dragon : your bottom lane just got a kill on their ad carry . your midlaner has pushed the lane to the enemy tower and is free to help . you have enough health to tank the dragon until your ad carry and mid lane kill him . your smite is ready to finish off the dragon once he is low enough , preventing a sneaky dragon steal . when the dragon respawns ( 6 minutes from death ) where the opposing team places wards and which ways you can take to avoid those wards . most junglers get an early oracles to remove wards which forces the enemy to play a lot safer because they do not know where you are . where the opposing jungler will most likely appear next your team pushed the lane too far and is vulnerable your team dominates their lane opponents , forcing their jungler to help one of the buffs came up for the opponents , so he will be on that side of the map and most likely gank one of the two lanes nearby . if you can judge that correctly , you can countergank and either save your teammate or even turn the gank around and get a kill or two on the opponents . which summoners were used on which lane how long ago . if you saw them use flash , stay nearby a little longer and the next time they advance slightly too far , jump on them and this time they can not escape anymore . buff timing is the most critical factor right after the gamesense for ganks . if your midlane has to fight the opponent for even 30s when the opponent has blue buff and your teammate does not , it can put them behind and they run the risk of getting killed .
obviously , this is going to be full of spoilers for the endgame . i will try to break them down so that you can minimize your exposure , should you wish . i am not going to go into heavy details about story ( except where noted ) , just how the gameplay mechanics shift . after you use the chamber , the effects at the base are : you can no longer " scan for activity " ( ie , advance time ) on the mission control view . therefore , any research or foundry projects will halt , and soldiers will stop healing . you can not get any further money or resources , although you can build items if they are completed immediately . the only mission you can take is the final assault . the soldier who uses the chamber : will gain a new psi power - rift , which has a four turn cooldown . it generates a damaging psi field in an area for 2 turns , which will severely damage any enemies inside of it . it has a range similar to the rocket launcher , so if you plan on using it on the final mission , you should probably put it on someone who is not going to hang way back like a sniper . a front line trooper will probably get the most benefit . when you accept the mission : you must take the soldier who used the chamber . if this soldier dies on the mission , the game is over . the mission itself is fairly long , so pace yourself . at certain points aliens will spawn from nowhere , so be on your guard as you move up - you will be flanked as if by magic . expect to fight at least one of every alien , and at times multiple of the more challenging ones . the ship is broken down into rooms , and you must kill all the aliens in a room in order to proceed . after the mission ( massive story-related spoilers ! ) : there is no chance to continue the game further . also , the soldier who used the chamber will die , for what that is worth . since the only thing left is to watch the ending and the credits , this is not a big deal game-wise , but if you have a particular attachment to your squad , pick someone knowing that they are not coming back .
after update 1.7_01 , doors would make purple particle effects when hit with any tool , hand , item , or block . this was fixed in 1.7.3 . &mdash ; minecraft wiki - doors i believe as part of the door duplication and door bug problems , the lower half bug has been fixed . . . 1.7.3: corrected a block duplication bug when using pistons . 1.7.3: doors no longer create purple particles . 1.7.1: the door duplication bug is back again , this time happening when a piston pushes on the lower half of a door . if it is a normal piston that does it , then the piston can be destroyed and the bottom half of the door works like a normal door . &mdash ; minecraft wiki - version history in 1.7.3 , the door duplication bug with pistons is most likely to have been fixed . thus , the ability for the lower half door to be able to exist alone in the world could be gone . . .
yes , there is only one level . i think the game was never fully completed , so while it still says ' level 1' at the beginning , it is in fact , the only level .
the game will automatically assign new skills to any empty slots in your hotkey menu . however , if you click on any of the skill slots in the bottom right , you can assign/unassign whichever attack/skill you want .
as thane , you will have a housecarl appointed who can act as your companion . additionally , the guards can be convinced to overlook a variety of crimes if reminded of your station . you will also be given a pretty decent levelled magic weapon on being named thane .
you can find this information here - how tent storage works in dayz - scare bears clan . this answer is current as of version 1.7.2.3 ok so rule 1: in a tent every item counts as 1 slot . that means your m4a1 is 1 slot , a tire is 1 slot , a jerrycan is 1 slot , anything and everything is 1 slot when inside a tent . storage is broken down into 3 different categories , each one has its own amount of storage space . weapons and tools ( including nv goggles , binoculars , and side arms )  10 slots backpacks  5 slots items  50 slots so an example of a full tent would be : 5 akms , 2 binoculars , 2 m1911 pistols , 1 nv goggles . = 10 slots 5 alice packs . = 5 slots 10 tires , 5 jerrycans , 20 bloodbags , 5 stanag ammo , 10 raw meat . = 50 slots . so as you can see it doesnt matter how many slots the item would take in your inventory , it only counts as 1 slot within the tent . if you attempt to place items into a full tent one of two things can happen . the item can drop on the floor near the tent or the item could disappear . so take care when placing items in the tent . my personal theory on items disappearing after placing in a full tent is  the items are placed under the tent or perhaps under the ground if your tent is on a hill .
flash fire is probably my favorite rune , and by far one of the highest dps primary attacks you can put on your witch doctor . although it seems like you are going to be doing less damage by using it , in fact i have found that i do far more with it . the limited radius of the standard skull explosion is dwarfed by the range on each individual bounce with flash fire . the casting speed and homing ability also mean that you are doing consistent damage to multiple enemies regardless of how they shift around the screen . the skull also bounces and homes in even if it hits nothing on the first bounce , so long as there is a target in range of the second bounce . you can , for instance , let your pets or follower tank a respectable distance away from you , and just arc the skull in their general direction to pile on the dps . the homing also makes it a " fire and forget " attack , so you can be paying attention to other , more important things , like getting out of the way of desecration/molten patches , or checking your skill cooldowns . it is essentially an attack that never misses ! as a lesser benefit , the skull will also target breakable objects , so getting " destruction " bonuses is trivial with this rune . when you are in the situation where there are more than 6 enemies in close proximity , or their health is very high , your firebomb attack is not your best bet . switch to a mana draining area of effect attack like zombie charger or fire bats , and you can do far more dps in far less time .
on insanity mode the ai actually seems stupider , and does not have much sense of self-preservation , though i would not call them actively suicidal . the ai will simply sit on an active grenade and let themselves die , they will ignore an enemy bum-rushing our cover . they do not seem to get that they are about to die . the ai also largely ignores their own powers ; i often have to manually order my squad to use powers on roit shield targets , which they often happily ignore . however , they are not suicidal in that they will not actively attempt to bum rush enemies and get themselves killed , but they seem very content to sit still and not use many powers or bullets . yes , micromanaging is often necessary to keep them alive , and yes , they are going to spend a lot of time " dead " if you do not play a very good game on insanity . but if you take charge in the battle and leave them behind they generally will not go out of their way to get killed .
you can only apply a poison to an equipped weapon : it'll tell you that if you try to use it without having a weapon equipped . and you can only apply poison to one of your weapons : if you try to re-apply a poison after applying it to one weapon , it'll say you can not do it . however if you un-equip the weapon in your right hand and equip the weapon that is in your left hand to the right you can then poison it and then equip both weapons with poison . you can , in fact , poison bows . just make sure to equip it before applying the poison . this affects the first arrow shot through the bow : after one shot , the poison on the bow goes away . as a corollary to this , you can not poison arrows : skyrim will complain that you do not have a weapon equipped if you try to use a poison with just arrows equipped . and as beatme notes , with the poisoned perk , you can reverse pickpocket marks to poison them stealthily . as long as the pickpocket is successful , this does not aggro the mark ; in many cases , it'll outright kill them .
i am not a professional pantheon player but here is what i have found : first off you got it right by coordinating with your teammates cc , and getting rid of all of their escape is typically good ( unlessy you are talking about abilities in which case they just have to wait a few seconds and do it again ) it usually works better when the teams are engaged too because then you give your opponent the tough choice of either finishing the engage but taking damage from your ult and facing a pantheon , or running away and taking free damage as they run . another one is locking them in , which requires teammates that can take them on if they would rather avoid your ult than run through it . example would be a low health mid laner and your mid lane is chasing , jumping in front of the path that the opponent is running will cut them off leaving them to either run back and die or die to you . i am asuming that when you used it to chase someone who is escaping and failed it was primarily because you were in a 1v1 scenario , but even if your damage does not go off forcing your opponent to make tough decisions like those are what really makes the difference . if the target has a way to get out without any penalty do not use it , simple as that . also typically you want to be away from a team fight when you use ult so that it does not get canceled . even if the enemy team did not have any way of canceling your ult , you may be better off saving it and doing even more damage with your other abilities and auto attacking : remember pantheons ult takes time , and time is damage . id say another trick understanding his ult is typically you are not trying to get kills with it alone . yes there are times where there are close team fights and a pantheon ult will kill one or two of them , but those are the obvious ones , most of the time you will be coordinating it with teammates to take down a few escaping opponents or protect your dying teammates from a losing team fight byt intimidating them . do not dive teams , and do not dive turrets ( often ) , try to focus on " does this help your team get more damage off to win a fight and/or get an objective " rather than " will i get a kill or will i die " . hope this was the answer you were looking for ! p.s. another step ahead of this would be to ask is panths ult even really useful ? as i have explained most of the time you give your opponent the choice in most senarios . granted this sometimes leaves them with a lose lose choice but if they have the choice then they have the opportunity to gain an advantage if they make the right choice . it is all about thinking ahead and making sure that does not happen and not wasting your ult unless you know for certain it will work for the benefit of the team .
healing weapons heal your teammates only , not your enemies . there is no way to deal damage with a healing weapon . if you try different parts in the weaponcrafting menu , the gun will show you the ' healing ' stat instead of damage ; you can use this to find the values you like ( i am not sure which one is the most efficient but i suspect it is beam ) . in terms of choosing different types of weapons , rockets will allow you have splash healing ( particularly if you use flak warheads ) which can be very useful in the blitz gamemode . rockets can also be used to heal yourself , but the efficiency of self-healing is significantly lower than when healing another player . beams will give you long range healing , and usually be more efficient as well , but require greater accuracy . rifle healing seems pretty popular as well , but i have never tried it . and pulse has the bounce shot effect , which can be an asset in enclosed spaces . rifle and pulse weapons can also be made into shotguns . choose the weapon type that suits your playstyle . experiment ! note that healing another player will also heal you , faster than self-healing with a rocket would . it is possible to overheal yourself just by healing other players
did some testing after you asked this . the tests went as followed : method : i went outside of new tristram and used the hex ability ( unruned ) against the zombies there . i unequipped and reequipped int and attack speed items , as well as my weapon to test if there were any changes in duration or rate . findings : in a group of enemies the fetish shaman will : hex 4 targets over his 12 seconds active not hex targets already hexed hex targets while other targets are still hexed ( other targets will remain hexed for the full duration as well ) . with a single target the fetish shaman will : hex the 1 target 2 or 3 times over his 12 seconds active . will only hex the target if the target is no longer hexed . running several tests with a stopwatch on my android i found that : the single target was hexed for around 5.5 seconds . the fetish shaman will hex a random target in a group of mobs around every 3 seconds . additionally , changing my stats around ( adding attack speed and int , and changing my weapon ) appeared to have no effect on how long the fetish shaman is active or the duration the target is hexed . given these tests , i believe that there is no way to increase how long the fetish shaman is active and how often he turns an enemy into a chicken , and that there is no way to increase the duration of the chicken effect . i would also like to note that there can be a short delay between the fetish shaman spawning , and then using the polymorph ability . which is why he may only hex a single target 2 times instead of 3 . 5.5s * 2 = 11 , so if the fetish shaman takes a second to cast on spawn he will miss the chance to polymorph the target a third time before he despawns .
magikarp should evolve at level 20 . possible reasons why yours did not : it is holding an everstone you pressed b accidentally and stopped its evolution there is a bug in pokemmo try taking the item from it ( does pokemmo have items ? ) and levelling it up again . if that fails , report it as a bug on the pokemmo forums .
this type of enemy is called a large body . the weak spots for these heartless are their backs , where they take increased damage . you need to maneuver yourself around them and hit them from behind , though you can also jump up and hit their heads as well . basically , you want to stay mobile when you fight them , especially because of their charge attack , which can knock you backwards and do a decent bit of damage . as you have seen , they can also take damage when you hit them from the front , but it takes much longer to kill them . dodging when they charge is helpful because there is a short moment where they pause afterwards , which gives you the chance to smack them about a bit .
the point of building the sensor tower is to sense enemy positions in fog-of-war , and highlight them in the main view and on the minimap . this allows a defending player to cover multiple potential attack routes and , when an attack is spotted , rally their forces and ready their defenses to respond to the incoming attack . it also serves to cover " unexpected " attack routes , such as air or a medivac drop coming from behind your mineral line . ( more of a pretty image than an effective use of a sensor tower . ) in most matchups , the enemy will already know where you are ( eg on a 1v1 map ) , or can find out with little effort by sending an expendable unit around the map - so the outline only betrays the fact that you have spent 100 gas on a building , and that you have got an engineering bay . that is all . the sensor tower 's outline on the minimap shows up to enemies primarily to inform them that if their units go inside this area , they will be highlighted . the enemy can use this information to either avoid entering the sensor tower 's area until the last second before an attack , or to deliberately " show " forces to the defending player to scare them from attacking , and allow expansion . if nothing else , the sensor tower can act as a deterrent from surprise attacks and harassment , because the enemy knows that you will know they are coming . players tend to stack up their units just outside of sensor tower range without even thinking about it , and a comsat scan just outside can reveal the composition of the enemy army . looking at the movement pattern of the red dots can also give away the composition of the enemy army , if you are familiar with how the units move , and at what speeds ; a flock of mutalisks will fly in a very close formation and spread out quickly when stopped , while a bunch of reapers stop at every ledge for a moment as they jump . perhaps the most effective use of the sensor tower would be in deterring void ray / mutalisk / reaper sneak attacks ; seeing a few units move towards your buildings over impassable terrain gives the game away , and allows you to have marines in position long before the voids are there to ruin your day . another effective use is grabbing a sensor tower and some vikings , and putting the hard word on some nearby lurking overlords , robbing your enemy of precious vision and supply . if you want to read a bunch of people talking about the benefits and drawbacks of the sensor tower , read the sensor tower thread on the teamliquid forums .
line of sight is your ally on this map . there is a elevated area to the northwest of your base with a few ramps leading up to it , try to place your bunkers/tanks at that ramp rather than in your base , also put up a few turrets to prevent annoying science vessels . as for the northeast entrance , send out a engineering bay or barracks out that way to scout to extend the los for your tanks guarding that entrance . if your tanks get off the first shot , you will beat them . with enough tanks , they will not even be able to finish seige mode before dying .
gosu (  also coriander ) is a computer gaming term usually used to refer to a person highly skilled in multiplayer games like starcraft , warcraft iii ( rts/rpg - dota ) , diablo ii ( rpg ) , counter-strike ( fps ) and others . it has a korean origin and the term was widely adopted by gaming communities in korean , go su ( hangul :  , hanja :  , literally " high hand " in mandarin ) is used for a person with skill , usually in martial arts or in baduk ( the game of go ) . in the dialect of the gyeongnam province , gosu also has the meaning of " leader " . there are several english backronyms of the korean word , mostly originating in the starcraft community , including " graduate of starcraft university " , " god of starcraft universe " or " god of starcraft units " . source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gosu
competitive players do not drop cs , generally . on offense , a competitive player will time his aggressive pushes with two things in mind . firstly , he does not want to miss out on his own cs . that is the most important thing . secondly , he wants to try to push his opponent out of lane when his opponent should be taking his cs , so that the opponent misses creeps . on defense , a competitive player will be trying to make sure they are in as safe a position as possible when the creep wave is coming , so that they do not miss out on cs . the combination of these things does tend to make for lanes where both sides are essentially freefarming each other for long stretches , with occasional bursts of intense action . professional mid laners and adcs tend to average around 100 cs per 10 minutes , while top laners will get slightly less possibly due to roaming or due to the nature of their champion not being well-equipped to take every creep . edit :
if you have kinect configured to be your chat mic and you do not have another chat mic connected for each connected controller then kinect will be picking up and broadcasting the audio during games . examples of when kinect mic will be used during a game : ( assumes that the " use kinect for chat mic " setting is set to " on " . ) one controller is connected and no chat mic is connected for that controller . multiple controllers are connected and one or more controller ( s ) do not have a chat mic connected . ( you are probably hearing chat through your tv or sound system in these cases . ) examples of when a kinect mic will not be used : when the " use kinect for chat mic " settings is set to " off " . when one controller is connected and there is also a chat mic connected for that controller . when more than one controller is connected and there is a chat mic connected for each controller .
a flaccid grab is when you are at the opposing team 's base , and their flag is available to capture . you see the opponent 's flag carrier coming , ready to capture . you grab the opponent 's flag and make your way back to your own base . this is a bad idea , because if you are popped on the way to your base , the opponent gets a free capture . instead , you should try to pop the enemy fc before capturing the flag yourself .
dig a new 1x1 shaft all the way down from the surface , with a hatch cover ; then designate a dump zone next to the shaft and mark all the goblinite for dumping . you can drop a crystal flute a hundred z-levels and it will be none the worse for wear . just make sure to build that hatch , as the goblins may not survive the journey , but a giant eagle will . if you do this , make sure the shaft ends away from a route dwarves are likely to take , preferably in a 1x1 room behind a door , and make sure you do not unforbid the dumped items before the last one has landed , you do not want your haulers ' brains to be introduced to high-velocity copper swords . having that equipment gathered inside bins in a stockpile and then having another stockpile take these bins is the second best option ( you will need to remove the take designation until the stockpile is full of binned items , though ) , but it is still significantly slower and requires more effort than just bulk dump designations . running minecart tracks between the two stockpiles might save you a lot of dwarf-hours , but will cost quite a bit in man-hours due to having to build tracks on every z level separately .
the biomes are randomly distributed . given the exact seed though , you can always reproduce the same world and biomes layout . third-part tools can exploit this fact to show you the biomes for any place in a world , whether it actually exists in your save yet or not . amidst is one tool that can do this for you .
it seems that this is no longer a problem , as the author of blocklauncher pro has released an update today fixing the fatal error . happy minecrafting !
from my experience , 3 military is good enough for average defense , it allows you to hold out till you can reinforce . but for your style of play , perhaps 5-10 would be better , you do not want to many as it causes slow down in tech etc . . . , but then you do not want to get crushed . you should have more on the outer cities and reinforce from your inner ones , i try to always have 3 minimum in all cities , but does not always work , then any bigger cities up it to 4-5 . if you notice your enemies normally attack you with massive stacks , the only way to counter those are with a large stack yourself . have 1 large stack that walks between cities and does the attacking , then leave 3 units in all your cities for normal defense , remember if you suddenly get attacked at a choke point ( hopefully you have one ) you can always reinforce from your other cities , knocking them down to 1-2 stuff like that .
you have to start a new game . developer notes : three years , 7 month and 18 days after the release of gothic 3 , the community patch team released the definitly last version of the community patch for the game . again this patch contains several improvements , which can be looked up in the change log . savegames made with patch version 1.7x are compatible with the cp 1.74 . older savegames ( 1.60 or earlier ) are not compatible . please take a look at the download description for more information .
i can confirm that embarked land units do get an extra two movements under elizabeth 's special ability . i just tested it in two saved games , one with elizabeth and one with augustus . an embarked land unit in the elizabeth saved game had six moves , but augustus ' unit only had four . both had astronomy ( +1 embarked movement , embarked units can move over ocean ) and steam power ( +1 embarked movement ) .
i think you are talking about the room with the red-and-white diamond barrel in act 2 where you have to get the barrel low enough in order to progress to the next area . what i thought you needed to do was to jump up and down and time it properly in order to push the barrel down low enough . this is the wrong method ! what you need to do is merely alternate pressing up and down on the directional pad in order to get the barrel to move , no jumping required . you can see a youtube video of this process here : do not feel alone ! pretty much everyone i talked to made this mistake as a young gamer . i never completed it either . i did get past the barrel twice i think , but by then i would come so close to the 10 minute mark that i ran out of time before the end of the level . i did not find out how to do this until talking with some friends a couple years ago . the answer eluded me for well over 10 years .
no , zoltan crew members will only fill the available bars for the room they occupy , freeing up reactor power to be used elsewhere . this can easily be demonstrated by the zoltan cruiser type a , by moving the all three starting zoltan crew members into the engine room , which by default only has 1 bar : the energy provided by the zoltan in the engine room will not exceed the limit of the system they are in . if you have upgraded weapons to maximum ( 8 bars ) and cram the room full of zoltan , all that would happen is that 4/8 bars are being powered by the crew , freeing up your reactor to power other systems . it should be noted that the piloting , sensors , and door control systems do not actually draw power from the reactor , and any zoltan crew placed in those positions will not contribute to your ship 's power levels . there is a benefit to stuffing more than a single zoltan into a room , beyond the reduced load on the reactor . as pointed out by @blackvegetable in the comments - the energy provided by zoltan crew is impervious to ion damage ; so two zoltan in the shield room will mean your shields cannot be taken completely offline by ion weapons .
i guess it depends on how the spectating engine is implemented . for example in wolfenstien : enemy territory . the game that the spectators were watching was delayed by i think 5 minutes or something like that . there is a purposeful delay built in so that this can not happen . i assume sc 2 has something similar built in , otherwise it would be a big problem . in most games , if for any reason you do not trust another clan , or at some point they were suspected of cheating , you should be able to ask/demand that there are no spectators for that game .
the amount of times you will need to use the machine varies a lot . i have received the bag on the first attempt multiple times , but i have also once had to use the machine 32 times before the bag finally appeared . most of the time it is worth it to at least give it a go , as you will generally find it around 8 attempts , which will fully heal the hearts you spent . the only time i do not go for the bag is if i am already low on hearts and i think i am going to need them . also , another note , it is generally worth it to give it at least 2-4 attempts because even if you do not get the bag , you can blow up the machine and possibly get a heart or two . in the wrath of the lamb dlc , the blood bank is definitely a harder choice on whether to use it or not , as now instead of getting the blood bag , you will sometimes get the portable iv bag , which is not so good . now it is best to just use it if there are spare hearts lying around the level that you can pick up , or you need the extra money .
most probably you misplaced it yourself . there are no issues reporting disappearing enderchests at all from the community . that leaves two options : most likely , you messed up . less likely , you found a new bug and you should try to recreate it and report this issue as a bug . anyway , once you made your first enderchest it is a cakewalk to make multiples of these . you did not report you lost items and i think this is highly unlikely , so why not just craft a new chest and place it again ? this would solve your current problem .
bunny hopping , or bunny jumping , is a term used in video games to describe the basic movement technique in which a player jumps repeatedly , instead of running , in order to move faster . the term is most used in first-person shooters to refer to act of pressing the jump key while holding a movement key to move faster and/or to evade attacks more effectively . in several games based on quake engines or their derivatives moving in a zigzag pattern while bunny hopping is the fastest way to move around and increases length of jumps , making the player an even more difficult target . while a zigzag movement pattern may not be the fastest way to get from one point to another in other games , players may feel that the protection provided by bunny hopping more than compensates for this disadvantage . bunny hopping might also be required to gain speed to perform a trick jump or to provide better movement control while in mid-air ( especially after performing a trick jump ) . see this wikipedia article for more .
the dremora markynaz is a level 36 dremora . problem is : dremora are rare in skyrim , and they are levelled . there are some in the shrine of mehrunes dagon and shalidor 's maze . now , due to the respawning mechanics , it is likely that the few areas that do contain dremora are fixed to levels that are way below the required level for a dremora markynaz to spawn ( both are available rather early -- labyrinthian - and by extension the maze - is often an early target , and the shrine belongs to a 20+ daedric quest ) . that said . . . on pc , you can use console commands to spawn markynaz via placeatme &lt;ID&gt; . replace &lt;ID&gt; by the respective id from the dremora list , and there you go . there might also be a way to reset the level of a location via a command ( resetinterior &lt;cellid&gt; looks promising but i can not verify that at this point ) .
from what i have seen so far : crafting a game badge grants 100 xp leveling a game badge grants 100 xp years of service awards 50 xp per year the games in your game collection award xp ( the math is not clear to me , i have 414 for 209 games currently ) steam special events appear to grant xp , although the formula is unclear to me . the individual data is incomplete for most of the previous events . ones that i can confirm count for some amount of xp are : steam holiday sale ( 2011 and 2012 ) - i have seen up to 130 xp for 2011 , and 100 for 2012 steam summer sale ( 2012 ) - i have this one complete , i believe , for 100 xp steam summer camp ( 2011 ) - i have seen up to 130 xp the potato sack ( 2011 ) - a " gold potato " gives 200 xp the great steam treasure hunt ( 2010 ) - i have seen this one up to 130 xp for community contributions there are other bonuses ( with thanks to koraktor in the comments ) : anyone can get the pillar of community ( 100 xp ) or community ambassador ( 100 xp ) badges for doing some simple tasks related to their steam profile . some translators get a badge worth 100 xp steamworks developers get a badge worth 500 xp community moderators get a badge worth 500 xp valve employees also get a 1000 xp bonus , although that one might be kind of hard to get ; )
turns out it needed more time . after a bit over 5 mins i got the notification about launching app from unknown source and launcher popped . on next launch it started immediately .
depending on how well you have prepared , the consequences can vary from irksome to impeding to potentially fatal : without a source of clean water , dwarves are not able to wash themselves . this is irksome at best , as it does not even generate unhappy thoughts not to be able to wash , but you do not get the happy thoughts of having washed recently either . it gets a little more problematic when you have injured dorfs with wounds that need cleaning before suturing up ; infections can be nasty and fatal to a dorf . finally , if you do not already have either a good stockpile of booze laid in or a working production cycle of seed-> plant-> booze-> seeds that is putting out a steady supply of same , dorfs can in fact die of thirst during the winter days if there is not even potable water to fall back on . i highly recommend you make digging your first well a priority , as it spruces up that big main communal dining/meeting room nicely - and eating in a legendary dining room makes for big smiles .
we have both a us gold account and a european ( dutch , specifically ) silver account on our machine . on the european silver account , the situation is indeed as you have stated , with the only available apps being the zune app . the difference in app availability is because your account is based in sweden . if you check major nelson 's blog , you can find the following : dec . 6th : epix - united states espn on xbox live - united states hulu - japan hulu plus - united states lovefilm - united kingdom netflix - canada and united states premium play by ( mediaset ) - italy sky go ( skyde ) - germany telefnica espaa ( movistar imagenio ) - spain today ( msnbc ) - united states live television on xbox 360 with bing search support as you can see , none of these changes currently include sweden . however , some of the planned updates later in december will include sweden , such as : muzu . tv mlb . tv ( mlb advanced media ) there are a couple features which only list that they will be available in several countries , not specifying which ones , including : dailymotion - available in 32 countries globally youtube - available in 24 countries globally neither major nelson 's blog nor the accompanying official press release from microsoft specify which countries are included . i assume sweden is included , but you will have to keep an eye out for yourself .
tanky cho'gath cho'gath is not a killer . what i mean by this is that his role on a normal team comp is not to have the most damage . his mid and adc allies should be able to kill all the enemies . cho'gath wants to be in the middle of a group of enemies , being as annoying as possible . the more distracting you are , the less your opponents attack your carries , and the more time your carries have to kill people . having feast stacks makes you more unkillable . it is almost always worth killing a minion to get a feast stack as soon as feast is back up , unless you know that a team fight is imminent . the more damage you can take before you have to run away , the better , and feast stacks will help you do that . ap cho'gath ap cho'gath is not the optimal way to play cho'gath , to be honest . it is fun , for sure ( he is one of my favorite champions ) , but he is not going to be effective in a truly competitive game . for this reason , i think the specifics of timing feast when running this build are not as important . the only difference between ap cho'gath and tanky cho'gath in terms of feast timing is that you might want to be a little more conservative spamming it on minions when you are trying to go for kills . you still want to build stacks , but if you think you might be able to get a kill , then save the feast for that . just do not save it too long . you want to be using feast so that you can use it again asap . other stuff if you know you are about to die , and you have minions available to feast , you need to make a quick decision . you are going to lose half your stacks either way . if you have an even number of stacks : do not bother feasting a minion . if there is an enemy nearby , and you are a high level ( enough that it'll cool down by the time you respawn anyway ) , just feast the nearest enemy champion so hopefully your team can avenge you . if you have an odd number of stacks : feast the nearest enemy minion . you will have 1 more stack after you respawn , which will help you get up faster . additionally , if feast is up when you spawn , glance at your own jungle ( even if you are not the jungler ) to see if there is a safe feast choice . the sooner you feast , the sooner you can feast again .
these are called " assist trophies " . there is a list of the ones in ssbb here : http://www.serebii.net/ssbb/assist.shtml the one you are asking about specifically is isaac from golden sun .
the headlight itself lets you see better in dungeon area , but it is not mandatory really , you can even simply increase your screen brightness for a similar effect . but the spelunker upgrade also grants your miner the passive ability of locating rooms with treasures , this ability does not cost mp and has nothing to do with headlight . so even though headlight is not really useful the spelunker upgrade is probably worth buying .
my desktop runs a 1gib 9800gt , and the wei score is given as 6.8 ( for what it is worth ) for gaming and normal graphics . hdd is 5.9 , while the others are all above the gfx rating . i am running civ5 at 1920x1080 , 2xmsaa and everything on high - the frame rate is generally acceptable ( although remember that " acceptable " here is highly subjective ) , although it does take the ai players quite a while to all turn as you move towards then end of a game on a huge map . note that the recommended spec also includes a quad core cpu and 4gb ram , which should also be taken in to consideration if you do purchase a new laptop . in response to comments on badp 's answer : when you tried the demo on your laptop , did you do so with the ac connected / power options appropriated configured ? sorry if this is obvious to you , but some people forget that when not on mains most of the system is tuned down quite a lot to converse battery .
it looks like i fixed it . the problem seems to have been the file Half-Life\valve\resource\GameMenu.res which got overwritten ( probably a bug ) in some way . reinstalling the default GameMenu.res fixed the problem .
no , they do not . from the disgaea wiki on ally kills : ally kills do not include : killing specialists in disgaea 2 and later , throwing prinnies or characters killed in the subsequent explosion throwing an enemy into the base panel making a tower of characters , ending the turn and killing a character with the inflicted damage ( in disgaea 1 ) killing a clone being killed in a geo chain being killed by poison , even if inflicted by an attack by the player
some labors conflict with each other because of equipment requirements . to my knowledge , only digging , woodcutting and hunting will conflict , because they require a pickaxe , an axe and a crossbow , respectively , so you can only have 1 of these 3 labors enabled for a dwarf at a time .
there is currently no way to activate friendly fire or pvp of any sort . however , according to the diablo wiki , pvp is planned to be added in the future : all pvp in diablo iii takes place in the arena . unfortunately , this feature will not be included when diablo iii ships , as the developers could not get it ready in time for the launch . since pvp is limited to the arena , there likely will not be any friendly fire in the main game when pvp does launch . again , from the wiki : unlike in diablo ii , there will not be any non-consensual pvp in diablo iii ; there is no more " hostile switch " or any other way to duel or pk in a normal game . pvp will be supported only in special dueling arena games .
yes it can damage a player . also , a little trivia from the wiki , when it does kill a player , no kill icon shows up . regardless , it does such a small amount of damage that it is not worth getting over an he grenade . he is a lot more potent and can damage enemies in a bigger radius , while the decoy 's radius is slightly smaller and less potent . one very critical thing to mention . the " fuse " times for the decoy is substantially longer than an he grenade . if you want to really " damage " someone with a decoy , you are going to have to do so sneakily ( remember , decoys also present a " enemy " indicator on the map ) , like in a corner or so . basically , it is going to need super timing , and even then , the damage is nearly negligible ( unless the enemy ( ies ) are at &lt ; 10ish hp
you take damage and " respawn " nearby . i think the damage might vary with difficulty , but the damage is the only penalty . it worked the same way in the previous 2 prime games .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
from the support document you linked : if you do not see the option to replay memory , this means you are already in a mission or at a point in the story where memory replays are not available you are probably in this state in the game . if you are mid mission you can either finish it or can abandon it by pausing the game and choosing to exit memory in the menu . when you are outside a mission , the dna option should be available in the menu .
the full list of mob attributes ( including horse-specific attributes ) can be found on the wiki . for your particular example , you need ' variant ' and ' health ' , e.g. : {variant:515 , health:28 , attributes : [ {name:generic . maxhealth , base:28} ] , tame:1 , saddle:true} health is current number of half-hearts . the maxhealth attribute is the max number of half-hearts . variant is calculated as base-color-id + markings-id * 256 , that is , 515 = 2 * 256 + 3 means base-color-id = 3 and markings-id = 2
it is not necessary . although the minimum amount you can add to the steam wallet is $5/5 , the remaining money past the purchase price will stay in your steam wallet . you can use it as part of the payment the next time you buy a game from steam .
yes , any wild pokmon ( with the exception of some legendaries ) you encounter can be shiny . however , keep in mind that without any tricks available to increase the shiny rate ( radar , horde battles , etc ) , your chances are low . even with the item for ' finishing ' the national dex , you are still looking at 1 in 2,000 or so . also , honedge are not the only pokmon in the grass ; even if we assume the chance of a honedge is equal to the other five ( it is not ; bulbapedia lists it as ' rare' ) , that would take your chances to 1 in 24,000 ( assuming a base rate of 1 in 4,000 or so ) . compare this with breeding : you can put an ordinary honedge in the daycare with another opposite gendered honedge , 1 in 4,000 ( again , roughly , assuming this is the base rate ) chance of each egg being shiny . take out one of those honedge and stick in a ditto ( or any pokmon from the mineral egg group ) that was caught in a different region , like japan , and your chance doubles to 1 in 2,000 . breeding repeatedly might get a little dull , but if you have to breed " ' till the cows come home " to get a shiny , you will be wading through the grass until the cows came home 6-12 times by comparison .
as shown here , the option is that you make a dive to try to catch her . but you miss .
solved it ! a meandering discussion on the talk page for the server . properties article on the minecraft wiki indicates that this is forge ' s fault . apparently it redefines spawn-protection to be a boolean that turns protection on or off entirely ( which you can not do in vanilla ) , and defines a new variable , spawn-protection-size for what the former variable means for a vanilla server . as a side effect , it appears that a server with the forge api installed will honour the default spawn-protection area of 16 blocks until you edit the variable , at which point it treats it as boolean and looks for spawn-protection-size instead , does not find it , and effectively turns spawn protection off entirely . so this is what happened to me then . adding spawn-protection-size=42 to my server.properties file made spawn protection work ( again ) as expected . redefining configuration variables is poor practice !
subtitles generally display only what is spoken by a character . they are intended for players who are able to hear , but prefer to have the dialogue of the game displayed . closed captions provide a way for those who may not be able to hear the game sounds at all to fully enjoy the game . they include dialogue , sound cues ( such as " machinery starting up" ) , and they do not contain jokes by the developers which could lead to misunderstanding by a player who is unable to compare the actual audio to the subtitles ( for example , in the subtitles , the line in glados 's song " when i delete you maybe i will stop feeling so bad " is marked as " redacted " , because she does not want to admit to liking the player . in the closed captions , this line is presented correctly so that a non-hearing player can gain the full understanding of the song )
its 100% a glitch . so doesnt matter which color they have .
use a torch to set a tree on fire and then chop it down to get a charcoal ! charcoal is also a loot drop from krampus !
the best way , is a mod called " sky-ui " . that redoes the interface and makes it very easy to tell the difference . besides that , your unfortunately stuck with the default menu options . there might be other mods for it as well . for 360 it would be stuck with the base options .
it generally has no effect - they all perform their jobs without any penalty . however , they do count as being in your court , and so get a bonus to plot power against you ( and disliking you , they are quite likely to join in plots against you ) . furthermore , your spymaster gets a massive bonus to plot power against you as well . definitely do not let someone who hates you become your spymaster .
turns out the computer had two profile folders ; one had hung around from a previous install . despite the errors about Failed on chmod action listing the new profile folder , it seems steam was looking in the library of the old profile folder for the appropriate data . deleting that user , then deleting local content and reinstalling from steam cloud fixed the problem .
no , the fruit which appears is random , there is no way to influence it .
yes , i just tested it yesterday . if a trevenant holds a kee berry , and is hit with a physical move , the berry will activate after the move hit and if harvest activates , the kee berry will be restored . consequently , after the next physical hit , trevenant will again have its berry activated ( thus the next stat raised to now is 2 level ) . i did not test for maranga , but there is no reason why it should not work similarly .
there is no need to actually click on the waypoint -- simply moving close to it is enough to activate it . this is a large visual and audio effect with pulses of blue light and sound , so it is very easy to tell when you have successfully activated a waypoint . in multiplayer , you can teleport to any other player , so even if activating waypoints does not unlock them for all active players , all you need to do is teleport to your friend to immediately unlock the waypoint yourself .
first off , always check the manual or with the manufacturer before you clean a device - you do not want to void your warranty or ruin anything that is particularly special about the device . that said , i would suggest a hard surface cleaner ( ie , pledge for electronics or similar ) or a mild glass cleaner ( ie , like what you had buy to clean eyewear ) along with a microfiber cloth . you want to spray the cleaner on the cloth , and not on the device , to avoid getting the cleaner into the device . avoid anything that contains ammonia or acetone , or anything not really designed for hard surfaces - ( ie , bathroom cleaner , bleach , dish soap , etc ) as these are not really going to be appropriate . using paper towels or tissues is just going to leave lint behind .
the best resource for locating resources in the game is zog 's glitchy tools . in addition to telling you where all the dirt piles are , it will also suggest the closest location to you to find some using the glitch api . kajuu , for instance , is absolutely buried in dirt .
after several days worth of research , using the items offered at the auction house as a guideline , i was able to determine that socketed items are generally available as low as level 15 . it does not seem to matter what item is in question ( armor , rings , weapons , etc ) - you must be level 15 to equip something that contains a socket .
there are no penalties . the panic will not change , and that is all that matters . you will still get an a on your council report aswell . i have confirmed this on ironman impossible , as i choose to ignore a downed battleship , and there was no negative outcome .
you probably will need to change the scaler parameter - this controls how the " classic " dos resolution is upscaled to fill the higher resolution of today 's monitors . the various types represent the algorithm used to upscale the image , and the "2x " or "3x " control how much upscaling should be applied . you may also have to change fullresolution , which does additional scaling to match your monitor 's resolution .
yes , night stalker benefits equally from this false night as he does from a normal night or from his own ultimate .
in warcraft 3 dota , kunkka can not equip it . there is a bug with his splash , bonus damage from quelling blade damages opponent heroes as well . yes , he can equip it in dota 2 , where the bug is fixed .
really advanced setup is the mod you are looking for . if you own the game on steam you can download it with mentioned link . otherwise download this along all the other awesome features for setting up your game this mod will give you an option to choose the active civilizations that can appear in the game . . . so you can disable those pesky mongols once and for all xd . " select active civilizations : this allows you to determine which civilizations are active . deactivate the civs that you do not want and they will not show up . even when using randomly selected civilizations . "
gog . com dosbox games start the dosbox executable with some configs as parameters . you will have to do the same when adding the shortcuts to steam . first of all , pick your game . i will pick ultima underworld 1 because i have it installed . right click on the desktop shortcut generated by the installer ( if you do not have it on your desktop anymore , check the game 's installation folder , there is one there ; mine is called " launch ultima underworld 1" ) , and see its properties : the shortcut 's target is what matters to us . copy everything in there , and keep it for later . in my case , the full field looked like this : go to steam , click on Games in the top menu , then on Add a non-steam game to my library . once the game list window appears , click on browse . find the dosbox executable that is being used by your game . in my case this was at F:\GOG Games\Ultima Underworld 1 and 2\DOSBOX\DOSBox.exe . add that as a game . once done , find the game you added in your games list . right click on it , then click on Properties . you will see a Target field in the newly opened window , with the path to your dosbox . exe and nothing else . replace everything in that field with the original shortcut 's target that you copied before . after this your game should run normally when launched by steam .
yes , the gem is removed and added to your inventory upon salvage . do not be afraid .
honestly , it is all down to luck . the factors that define what you get and where are completely random . first off , when you start , the computer " rolls a dice " , and depending on what you get between 1 and 7 defines your luck ( item find , possibility of getting curses etc . ) . 1 being " curse of the dark " every time , 7 being amazing items in every gold room , arcades on every floor , etc . also there are items that certain characters start with like the 6-sided die , that allow you to re-roll gold room and shop items . however , the best place to get cancer with the highest drop chance is mystic slots . other than that , cross your fingers and pray to pinocchio .
after conducting some research , i do believe the answer is no . once you have your damage maxed , blood lust will not increase your damage further . on my latest play through with samson , i picked up the small rock , growth hormones , blood of the martyr and a lump of coal , so my damage was nice and maxed . i then proceeded to face gish , who spawns clots quite frequently . taking care to hit gish just once and then proceed to kill a heap of clots before trying that again , it seemed like each of my hits still took down ~9px of gish 's health bar , which was exactly the mount of damage i did straight through the door .
it is worth remembering that even after defeating izual in diablo ii , he was never really redeemed - in fact , he took the time to give some extra villainous speeches in spirit form . tyrael was a fool to have trusted me ! you see , it was i who told diablo and his brothers about the soulstones and how to corrupt them . it was i who helped the prime evils mastermind their exile to your world . the plan we set in motion so long ago cannot be stopped by any mortal agency . hell itself is poised to spill forth into your world like a tidal wave of blood and nightmares . you and all your kind . . . are doomed . further , we know that it is extremely difficult to get rid of an angel or demon 's spirit just by killing them - tyrael took a mere twenty years to reform his body after being caught up in the destruction of the worldstone , while our good friend diablo and company persistently refuse to stay down . though i do not believe it is fully explained how he returned to form - his original fall is mentioned in the act iv lore books , but i have not found one detailing his second fall if such a thing exists - it is certainly not outside the realm of possibility that at some point he returned to the great evils again , or that diablo specifically sought him out on his joyride to go smash up the high heavens .
unfortunately , no . in my experience , there will not always be enough keys for every door . there will be a few times when you get 2 keys , but there will be 3 locked doors , requiring you to try and decide which ( if any ) door you want to open . the exception to this rule is the skeleton key which can be found randomly in the treasure rooms or challenge rooms ( kill x number of enemies after opening a chest ) . it awards you with 99 keys , which is enough to open all the doors ( assuming you do not get the bombs are key pill ) .
no , you do not get any rewards for the side quests other than the fact that you get closer to 100% sync -- if that is what you want . if you read the contract mission statements a bit closely , you will notice that there is some relation to the overall story , though not much . most of all though , they are fun . the contract missions are great fun because you get to try out some of the more exotic techniques . i still remember the first time i assassinated from a bench . it was hilarious when ezio sat him down on the bench behind him . try a few , then decide if you want to do them all or skip . edit : oh , i forgot the cash rewards for side missions . but it is easy to forget cash in ac2 , since you have way more than you will ever need .
i do not know if they will ever fix this , but here 's a list o things you can try , worked for me : used a wired keyboard ; remapped the jump key ; fps between 26 and 30 .
receiving players have no choice in what they get from the druid , and the druid has no choice on what they get from the player . it is all based off class . the most recent lists i have found ( dating from the 26th of july , as these have changed a number of times in the beta ) are below . the skill for the non-casting player : the skill for the casting druid : unfortunately links do not work inside code tags , so if you want to see the details on the skills here are links/tooltips for all of them .
it is used for an achievement and in the other hand it is easter egg . Achievement: "Bashanishu - Hurt Bashiok using Rakanishu\u2019s Blade."  rakanishu 's blade is a easter egg from diablo 2 monster rakanishu . bashiok is a monster created after an blizzard employee bashiok .
shields are great against breath attacks , and ranged weapons are great against flying targets , and of course flying will not do them much good if you fight them in 1 z-level high structures . you can minimize losses by making better armor and providing danger room training to your dwarves , i would not recommend facing titans without at least steel armor/weapons and at least proficient level soldiers . you can also use traps to get rid of them ( the sort of traps that involve supports and levers , not just building a weapon trap on a tile ) , though it may require quite a bit of ingenuity and a sacrificial animal ( or migrant ! ) to lure them into the trap . if you are concerned about fires , fight them where the dwarves are strongest - underground .
yes , blademail returns cleave damage since it is physical damage . even if somehow cleave ended being magic damage it would still be returned by blademail since it returns physical and magic damage ( with exception on hp removal spells and pure damage spells ) .
you can only heal in battle with the heal spell as potions are only usable outside of battle . you can use the heal spell as you would any other spell . as you can not use magic outside of battle , you can only heal outside of battle with potions . this handy list lists all the rings and their effects . rings with the heal spell listed there are : rust ring - heal 1 shield halo - heal 2 frozen band - heal 1 the conduit - heal 2 circle of life - heal 3 ring of fire and ice - heal 3 dragoor scale - heal 4 ( unlocked in newgame+ ) kward - heal 5 cryo loop - heal 3 thorne - heal 5 ( unlocked in newgame+ )
some sites when you register an b .netaccount ask you to change the portrait to one of the available portraits form the accounts rewards section . as the account picture can only be changed in game , the user logs in to their sc2 account changes the picture . once changed they tell the site to scan the picture again , if it matches the account is confirmed . this is how sc2replayed . com and wellplayed . org have confirmed my account with their sites .
they are from people crafting them for the sole purpose of selling them . one of the good things about buying a recipe is that it is not only cheaper than buying the item itself , but you can then use the recipe to put together those raw materials again to make an item to sell , hopefully for more than you would've gotten for just the raw materials . note that crafted items will sometimes get special attributes that you can not get on dropped/store-bought items , making them even more valuable .
it is not exactly a " wait " , but if the town you are in has an inn or a purchasable house , you can use a bed to " sleep " for a certain number of hours . bonus : sleeping will restore you to full health to boot !
to answer the first question : can i make a profit by salvaging items for their components , then using said components to smith my own items ? you can . early in the game , you can not really make enough profit doing this to make it worth the trouble ( unless you are just super ocd about wringing every little bit of gold out of every transaction ) , but eventually--especially once you max out your blacksmithing--it seems the items you can craft can be worth a fair bit more than the originals that you salvage . here are the results of a quick and dirty test i just did comparing prices of a looted fine azurite greatsword --> mastercrafted azurite greatsword and a looted crude sylvanite greatsword --> mastercrafted sylvanite greatsword . note that i am level 22 with maxed blacksmithing skill and 1 point in mercantile . first let 's start with some base numbers--sale prices of the original items and the base components in play : for the fine azurite greatsword , i salvaged and reloaded until i got the primary and secondary components needed to craft a new sword--the blade and the hilt . it took 16 salvage attempts to get both , but 4 of those times i got the blade and an optional component ( simple bindings or basic grip ) , and 1 time i got the blade plus both optional components . for the crude sylvanite greatsword , on my second salvage attempt i got the large sylvanite blade , the hilt , and bindings . good enough for me . because my blacksmithing is maxed , all items i craft are " mastercrafted " items , which means they get an additional effect that varies depending on the type of item . azurite greatswords seem to get +3% damage , and sylvanite greatswords get +6% damage . it appears that mastercrafted items are always at least green , even if you just use two components ( primary and secondary ) to craft them . i compared prices i could fetch for both types of swords when i used just 2 components , then 3 components , then all 4 ( i never attempted adding a gem ) . all components except the blades were the most basic possible ( crude hilt , simple bindings , and basic grip ) . here are the results : what is interesting is that the effects of the additional components on the sale price seem to multiply it by a factor of ~1.07 with each addition rather than simply adding the value of the base components . so it seems like it might be worth it to salvage lots of the junk you get early in the game just to get the basic secondary/optional components to keep and use later on to pimp out stuff you craft for sale--especially considering that , e.g. , the crappy iron gear is worth &lt ; 100 gold early in the game , but the parts you salvage can increase the worth of sylvanite and prismere gear ( i am guessing ) by much more than that . also , i should note that the 2 optional components for greatswords both have the same effect--+5 health . it is likely that value of the crafted item is calculated based on the stats of the crafted item rather than the value of the components that go into the item , so using different components will certainly give you different final values . i just used the basic components so as not to introduce too many variables . now--i wish , for this test , that i would had a crude azurite greatsword and a fine sylvanite greatsword to compare as well just to see for sure how much difference in the original sale price crude vs . fine makes and if the difference becomes more , less , or equally pronounced with higher quality raw materials . obviously salvaging crude and fine gives you a chance to salvage the exact same components--the only difference is the stats/price of the original items ( so you make a bigger profit off salvaging crude items as compared to fine ) .
iirc - doctors become consultants when their overall skill reaches a certain level . this skill is increased during any training activity in a classroom . the change to a consultant is otherwise unrelated to their training in additional qualifications ( i.e. . surgeon , researcher or psychiatrist ) . if they become a consultant part-way through training one of these skills , they will be forever stuck at the level of training they had when they became a consultant . : ( when a consultant is used for training additional skills , they will only train other doctors in the areas in which they are fully qualified . so your consultant with 81% surgeon training will not be able to teach surgery to another doctor . therefore it is best to only train doctors as surgeons / researchers / psychiatrists who have a relatively low skill , so that they can gain their qualifications before they become consultants . once they have gained their qualifications you can use any consultant to raise their overall skill to the level where they become a consultant themselves , so that they can train others .
given the altruist achievement ( at least on steam , can not comment on the xbox version ) , which is " complete 100 percent of the vigils in the memorial " and given i have that achievement and my vigil screen looked exactly like yours , we can safety assume that there are only 23 vigils .
the question you link to , how do i complete the mission &quot ; eden prime : resistance movement&quot ; ? , further links to the wiki entry eden prime : resistance movement that has a walk-through of how to collect all 3: after fighting off the initial wave of cerberus troops , head into the left structure and you will find another piece of intel in the back room with a bunch of computer terminals . the last piece of intel is located in a building with a number 2 on the outside , and the number 9 painted on the inside multiple times ( this is misleading - many buildings have a 2 or 9 written in or on them so to avoid further confusion the building with the last piece of intel is located across from the building with a 2 on it that holds the prothean data ) , as you move deeper inside you will see a wall on the left side with three consoles , it is the middle one . that is all you have to do to get the achievement and related war asset . you should get the achievement immediately after completely that task/mission . update : per comments , looks like the op found the answer to his own question . you have to do the above , and not die at all between picking up the three items . ( my guess is this is probably a bug and not a requirement , but at least we know now . )
use a skill swapping/changing move on each pokemon of the horde in turn until you find one with the ability you want . for example , skill swap - swaps yours and the opposing pokemon 's abilities worry seed - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to insomnia entrainment - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to your ability ( unlike skill swap , it does not change yours ) . their ability will briefly flash up on the screen ( before changing to the new ability ) , allowing you to tell which ability it carries normally . do not worry , their ability will revert to the original at the end of the battle . as for some pokemon that have access to these moves : sylveon learns skill swap on level 25 , carbink/solosis on level 40 budew learns worry seed on level 16 , pumpkaboo on level 11 . pancham/pangoro learn entrainment on level 42/45 respectively ,
currently , there are two school of thoughts on the demon hunter build : sustained dps crit hit damage ( this is the build i use ) sustained dps uses a bow with high attack speed prefers gear with ias , dex , crit chance , crit damage ( in that order ) . stands their ground more ( i.e. . less reliance on smoke screen , more on shadow power and damage reduction ) . uses base dps as comparison value more suited to group play with a tank . crit hit damage prefers a crossbow ( socketed one with high quality emerald if possible ) uses sharpshooter uses gear with crit damage , dex , ias , crit chance ( in that order ) . play style is more of a hit and run and caltrops spamming build . uses 100% crit dps as comparison value more suited to solo play . these two playstyles are rather different , and that is why their preferred dps comparison methods are different . for instance , my demon hunter has 150k dps with 100% sharpshooter , but only 50k dps without sharpshooter , so in a straight up constant shooting scenario ( assuming there is a tank who is got all the aggro ) , i will lose out to a sustained dps dh with similar quality gear , but in hit and run situations ( i.e. . solo play ) i will out damage them by a lot .
steam has recently introduced an option to queue up games to be installed through a web interface . make sure the target pc is running the steam client , then go to your games list on the steam website ( the easiest way to do this is to click community -> profiles -> games in the steam client ) , open the all games tab and click the install button next to the games you want to have installed . if not all of your games are showing up , click on per page : all at the bottom of the page . this is massively faster than going through the usual install dialog .
the binding of isaac wiki 's got a pretty comprehensive ( if slightly generalized , and minorly inaccurate ) list . remember that all cards are a single use item , so once they are used they vanish . o the fool : teleports the player to the starting room for that floor . i the magician : gives you the use of spoon bender ( homing shots ) until you leave the current room . ii the high priestess : summon 's mom 's foot stomp on a random enemy . can also hit the player , and will do so if there are no enemies in the room . iii the empress : gives you the use of whore of babylon until you leave the room . whore of babylon is eve 's curse , but unlike her version , this just hurts you half a heart then increases your damage . iv the emperor : teleports the player to the boss room . v the hierophant : spawns two soul hearts . vi the lovers : spawns two hearts . vii the chariot : acts as a single-shot use of my little unicorn . viii justice : spawns bombs , hearts , coins , and keys around the player . ix the hermit : teleports the player to the mini-boss room , or the shop if a mini-boss room is not available . x wheel of fortune : spawns a slot machine . xi strength : makes the player bigger , increasing maximum health and damage until the player leaves the room . xii the hanged man : gives you the use of transcendence ( flight over gaps , rocks and spikes ) until you leave the current room . xiii death : gives you a single use of the necronomicon ( massive damage to all enemies in the room ) . xiv the tower : gives you a single use of anarchist 's cookbook ( spawns multiple bombs around the room at random ) . xv the devil : gives you a single use of book of belial ( increased tear damage ) until you leave the current room . xvi temperance : spawns a blood donation machine . xvii the stars : teleports the player to the item room , or acts as telepills if there is no item room ( i.e. . in the womb and sheol ) . xviii the moon : teleports the player to the secret room . xix the sun : completely heals the player , does damage to all enemies on screen and acts as a treasure map and compass for the current level only . xx judgement : spawns a beggar . if you have no money , spawns 1 heart , coin , bomb and key instead . xxi the world : acts as a treasure map and a compass for the current level only . tarot cards ii , iii , xvii , and xix were added in a patch on november 1 2011 .
platinum god has apparently been modified and you do have to have all no-damage achievements to unlock that achievement now . ( see also . )
yes it is true . in chronosphere your stuns will not stack . here a list of chronosphere ability taken from gamepedia affects both units and buildings , both allies and enemies couriers are unaffected . while in the chronosphere , faceless void and any units he controls have 1000 movement speed and unitwalking . enemy heroes do not have evasion while they are trapped in chronosphere . faceless void and void 's illusions ( whether they are hostile or friendly ) are not paused in chronosphere . however if cast by another source ( ex . rubick ) , chronosphere will not provide faceless void with 1000 movement speed and unitwalking . he will still receive double the damage coming from time lock occurring . does not pause the map . runes , trees , and creep spawns ( lane and neutrals ) persist within a chronosphere .
the base materials each come in 5 tiers . for armor , the materials are : " cloth " ( sorcery-requirement armor ) : cotton linen silk hexweave spiritweave " metal " ( might-requirement armor , might shields , non-wood weapons ) : iron chainmail ( armor only ) steel azurite sylvanite prismere " hide " ( finesse-requirement armor ) : leather boiled leather studded leather trollhide dreadscale there are also wood components ( bows , finesse shields , staves , and sceptres ) and precious metal components ( sorcery shields ) . raven 's provided a list in his answer that i will not duplicate here . : ) salvaged primary components will always have the same stats ( despite being able to find " crude " and " fine " versions as random loot ) , but secondary components may not have the same magnitude effects as the original item . for instance , you might disassemble a set of leather gloves that had 10 defense , but get a 12 or 15 defense component from it .
all user data is stored in My Documents &gt; My Games &gt; Sid Meier's Civilization 5 . copying this folder to the equivalent location on your new computer after installing the game will transfer your saves . you should double check everything has transferred correctly before getting rid of your old computer though !
as far as the game is concerned , landing a stun has the same effect as getting a silent kill . in other words , a single stun will increase a kill streak score ( silent or otherwise ) by one . so yes absolutely , stuns count in your kill streaks . has been that way since revelations .
there are a couple of achievements associated with synchronization : perfect recall - for achieving 100% sync in an entire sequence il principe - for achieving 100% sync in the entire game , plus the da vinci disappearance dlc ( requires the aforementioned dlc ) each sequence also has an associated cheat that is unlocked for 100% sync , which can be used in single player . you can only use cheats while replaying a mission , so they are really more for replay value than for making your life easier . there are also a series of " repressed memories " that you unlock as you increase your " overall " synchronization , and completing missions with 100% sync is a good way to increase this total . however , the last one of these is unlocked at 75% total synchronization , so 100%'ing the entire game is not required . these memories are from before ezio became an assassin , and center around his relationship with cristina vespucci .
in order to get to the combat simulator , you need to beat the main story of the dlc . after completion , you will be sent an email with a complimentary pass to compete in the simulator . when you have read the email , proceed to the armax arena and talk to the hologram up the stairs and to the left . when you are finished talking to the hologram , head down the stairs , in the center of the room , with a barrier , that says , ' athletes only ' , to a terminal where you can set your options and begin combat missions in the simulator . from there , you will get various requests after completing some matches , and it is the " unusual scores " request that leads to discovering the strange occurrence , and thus getting the achievement .
they are stored locally , as explained on the minecraft wiki : you can reset all of your achievements by deleting the " stats " folder in the . minecraft app data folder . ( warning : also resets statistics )
yes , b is the worst rank . the possible ranks are b ( lowest ) a s v ( highest ) from a vvvvvv wiki : in the time trials play mode [ . . . ] the objectives are finishing the level in less than the par time , collecting all the trinkets , and avoiding deaths . [ . . . ] if none of these objectives are met during a time trials run , the player is awarded a " b " rank . if some of the objectives is met the player receives a higher rank : " a " rank for one objective met , " s " rank for two objectives met , and " v " rank for all three . ( emphasis mine )
cave mushroom farms can be placed underground . they need to be placed on dirt and require one mud block per harvest . alternately , you could set up some prepared food barrels underground and your townies will constantly move food to those barrels , saving time for when someone actually gets hungry .
ok , i have found a decent list , here are the secret achievements . note that all of the structures must be on the map at once to gain the award ( you can not build 14 , demolish one , then build another ) . hot dogs fan : build 15 hot dog stands simple solution fan : build 15 cabins trifles fan : build 15 gift shops spa salons fan : build 10 sunny centers mega party goer : build 10 disco aristocrat : build 3 golf clubs casinos fan : build 5 crystal casinos altitude lover : build 2 galaxy restaurants we remember about the defender : build 2 gold defenders amusement park : build 2 observation wheels great pyramids : build 3 pyramids lord of excitement : build 3 pearl casinos master of bowling : build 3 bowling clubs following the montgolfier brothers : build 3 ballon launch platforms the sun only : have all power generated by solar stations , remove all windmills
autosaves happen automatically according to your settings ( on waiting , resting , fast traveling , changing location , or having the character menu open for a number of minutes ) . 3 autosaves are kept . quicksaves are made on demand , and only 1 backup copy is kept . regular saves are made on demand , and remain until you delete or overwrite them . considering how many quest-breaking bugs there still are , you will likely regret not making a regular save every few hours . you will always be able to load a save that has not been overwritten , which happens all the time to quick and autosaves . unless it is corrupted , of course , which also happens not infrequently . immediately reloading to a regular save you have made is recommended . if you are on pc , using the save "name" console command can be immensely helpful . it is much easier to revert if your saves have meaningful names , rather than simply being numbered .
give these replay sites a try . http://star2.org/ http://sc2rep.com/ http://replayfu.com/ edit : star2 . org has a small but active community where you can seek feedback and not be drowned in a sea of similar requests .
being in the back row reduces damage from non-ranged attacks , outgoing and incoming . this means that most enemy attacks will do less damage , but most weapon attacks of your own will also do less damage . mages and classes who have ranged attacks like bows can safely sit in the back row - they can dispense full damage while avoiding a good portion of incoming damage . note that this effect is irrelevant to whether or not you actually have a front row . having all back row characters means that everyone will be taking reduced damage from melee attacks . you could combine this with your red mage note and give everyone armor and still sit in the back row , while also enjoying the benefits of strong armor . the main reason this is suggested with mini status is because all weapon attacks while tiny are pitifully weak , front or back . so in general , you want to be a mage when you are mini , and the best place to sit if you are a mage is generally in the back row .
i believe nearly all , if not all of the sentences written around the game are quotes from the bible , and from as far as i can tell , many are from the fifth book of the new testament , the acts of the apostles , usually shortened to " acts . " in " the caves , " there is a quote from isaiah 17:1 ( king james version ) : behold , damascus is taken away from being a city , and it shall be a ruinous heap . the quotes that appear near the end of the game are specifically referring to paul the apostle 's conversion ( who was known as " saul " before he converted ) . they seem to be taken from different translations . in regards to the shift from third to first person , that is how his conversion was told in the bible itself ( acts 9 was in third person , acts 22 was paul giving a speech about his experience , and is thus in first person ) . the sentence written in the small shack on the way up to the cliffside is from acts 9:3-4 ( new living translation ) : acts 9:3 - ...a light from heaven suddenly shone down around him. acts 9:4 - He fell to the ground... the writing on the cliffside near the end is from acts 9 and 22 ( king james version ) as follows : acts 9:9 - And he was three days without sight, and neither did eat nor drink. acts 22:6 - acts 22:11 - And when I could not see for the glory of that light, being led by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus. before you get to this point in the game , you see shortened versions of these excerpts , like " i came into damascus " and " neither did eat nor drink , " which is what was written on the side of the large boat you saw . also , ' acts 22:0' is written on one of the rocks by the sunken boats near the beginning of the game .
there are no skulls on halo 4 ( similarly to reach , they are unlocked from the beginning ) . however , here are the names and what they do from this source . i hope this is useful . the details for each of the skulls in halo 4 can be seen below : famine - weapons drop much less ammo . tilt - enemy resistances and weaknesses are increased . mythic - enemies have increased health . catch - enemies are grenade happy ! black eye - shields do not recharge unless you melee enemies . tough luck - enemies always go berserk , always dive out of the way , and never flee . iron - co-op : back to previous checkpoint on death . solo : restart mission on death . thunderstorm - major upgrade to the capabilities of enemies . cloud - motion sensor is disabled . cowbell - acceleration from explosions is increased . iwhbyd - rare combat dialogue becomes more common . grunt birthday party - headshot a grunt , happy boom time ! blind - the hud and the first person arms and weapon are hidden .
the downloadable content for borderlands consists of the following ; the zombie island of dr ned mad moxxi 's underdome riot the secret armory of general knoxx claptrap 's new robot revolution all of this content is accessible when installed by using the fast travel system . none of these expansion packs have a real direct impact on the borderlands storyline , and several of them are designed specifically to be played after the storyline . for example , the secret armory of general knoxx is designed for players at level 34 to level 50 , it increases the level cap by 11 levels which will affect the main game , but generally you do not reach the level cap during a full play through of the original borderlands story . mad moxxi 's underdome riot is a challenge mode where you deal with multiple waves of bandits and bad guys without any real story impact but it will grant you one skill point for each play through as a reward . the zombie island of dr ned is a story by itself , dealing with zombies , but is not unlocked until level 10 and requires a character of at least this level to play the content . claptrap 's new robot revolution adds items that can further increase the size of your backpack , grant more skill points , and adds new areas to explore but again does not really impact on the main borderlands storyline .
sadly , no . while you can delete the 1.5 gb enUS_Cutscene.mpq file from your installation directory , it will get re-created once you launch the game . ( despite this , however , it seems that the cutscenes are not actually downloaded again . doing something that triggers a cutscene or watching one from the main menu will instead stream a low-res version of it from blizzard 's servers , youtube-style . )
venom hydra is more advantageous in almost every situation . while the pools of acid do less damage per second , they will stack on top of each other , and with 3 heads as opposed to 1 , this can mean that it is actually doing 54% damage per second in one location ( which can hit multiple mobs ) , or 18% in 3 different locations . venom hydra also has speed in terms of the fact that mammoth hydra 's flaming ground is fairly slow to reach it is target . venom hydra is the clear cut winner in situations where an enemy will stand still for extended periods of time ( like bosses or if you are grouping with a melee character ) , as the dps output on targets standing in pools is just insane . the only time that mammoth hydra seems to win out is if lots of enemies are queuing up ( say coming through a doorway ) , but even then , venom hydra can hit the first enemy , and when it dies , the second enemy will take it is place which in turn will mean it is now standing on the venom pools . so mammoth hydra is only barely better in this situation , while venom hydra is far better in all other situations .
try for a cultural or diplomatic victory i took a look at that scenario and i have to agree that position is tough . bwarner and andy giesler have what i believe is the best all around advice . i suggest you take that no matter whether you take mine or not . however , you are still likely to not be in a good situation . you will not have much production or land , and thus , not a strong military either . so i propose you do not play in a way that requires a strong military . civ 4 has several win conditions : time ( score ) conquest/domination ( they are really the same ) cultural space race diplomatic the ones i have crossed out are the ones that require a lot of production or a strong military . cultural and diplomatic do not require much production of any kind . they do require commerce/science to research important techs which i believe you will have , between rivers and cottages . ( this can be supplemented with good trade relations , which you should have ) they also only require 1-3 cities . ( 3 for cultural , exactly 1 with the united nations built in it for diplomatic . ) if you can not expand to 3 cities , you should probably restart anyway . unfortunately , going for these will not work in every situation . the biggest thing that will stop your is your own play style . you must completely adapt to being nice to other nations and not building a military , aside from " police " units to keep your citizens happy . i always get an itch to go attack someone in the middle of the game , but i have a friend who repeatedly wins with these and never attacks anyone . assuming you can adapt your play style , what empire/leader you are using will still have a big effect on whether you can even attempt these victories or not . unsurprisingly , my friend 's leader of choice for either of these victories is hatshepsut of egypt . [ creative , spiritual ] i imagine ramesses ii [ spiritual , industrious ] would have a good shot as well . ( i mention egypt because they happen to match where you started , and happen to be the best at these victories . i am sure other empires/leaders can work as well . ) now , how to go about winning one of these ways : make friends with everyone . pay them tributes , give them tech , convert to their religion or spread your own , trade resources for the sake of trading resources ( eventually gives diplomatic bonus , even if you get nothing out of it ! ) . anything that will make them like you more . first , this means you will not need a military because no one will attack you , and , second , this is the way you win a diplomatic victory . found as many religions as you can , and build all the religious buildings . remember to switch to organized religion so you make up for your poor production . part of this is to get more culture , part is to manage who is what religion . one of the simplest things which makes people enemies is having different religions . if you found all of them , you ( partially ) control how they spread , so you can spread a single religion to every empire everyone will be friends ( especially with you , who founded the religion ) . if you manage this , you get to wait until much later in the game to decide which way you actually want to win . finally , if you do try for these , you must commit to them early . making nice with other nations and building culture add up from the start of the game . ( like just about everything else ) good luck . edit : consulted with my friend . ( who i hope to convince to answer questions himself , but till then . . . ) he adds ( with edits ) : technology choices also are pretty important . . . for diplomatic you need to found the un , and for culture you want broadcast towers , so shooting for mass media is a good idea . this reminds me : the most important structures to a cultural victory are the ones that increase culture by a percentage . hermitage national wonder , brodcast towers , and a special building for each religion ( cathedral for christianity . i sadly can not remember the other names off the top of my head ) . those require you to control more cities to be built , so more cities will certainly help , but are not strictly necessary .
shivering . gasping for air . must find her . the locket glows . must find her .
your edit pretty much addresses why some games are region-locked - because there do exist restrictions by companies . sometimes these are from a legal standpoint - for example , the hassle of differences in trademark copyrights ( the infamous reason why super robot wars never gets to come to the us ) . it also may be that there are laws against specific content in that country ( noting the examples you mentioned with germany and australia ) . sometimes it comes from a marketting standpoint . it may not be seen as profitable to market to the other audience - it might be expected that the other audience will not find it as entertaining , or may even be offended by the content . alternatively , there could be greater profits in the regional divisions based on local or international tariffs . consoles also face their own hardware restrictions , which generally are implemented along the lines of the above . the closing point is , region locks exist to enforce restrictions as defined by the separate regions . sometimes it is obvious legal points , others it'll feel arbitrary if not completely nonsensical . whatever the particular reasoning is , the nature of the restriction varies based on both the game and the region , which prevents getting much narrower than the above as far as a general explanation of why games as a whole get region-locked . it would be wise to figure out , perhaps with steam support or with another appropriate channel , what the specifics for prohibition in your own specific region are .
after testing it a few minutes ago i discovered the following things . 1 . the tech lab must stay attached 2 . if the barracks lands down next to the tech lab immediately afterword , tech is not resumed and must be restarted . 3 . the minerals/vespine gas spent will be refunded .
yes . the requirements are as follows : rank 1: 0 xp ( level 0 through 4 ) , the rank you start as . rank 2: 15,250 xp ( level 5 through 9 ) rank 3: 60,750 xp ( level 10 through 14 ) rank 4: 148,000 xp ( level 15 through 19 ) rank 5: 300,000 xp ( level 20 )
there are no unique items that can be disenchanted for the muffle enchant . i am afraid you are going to have to luck out and find a set of " [ any boots ] of muffling " to disenchant , which i will tell you now , is not easy . i easily reset a shopkeeper 's inventory 500+ times with no luck before i finally used the console to spawn myself a set of steel boots of muffling and took 100,000 gold out of my inventory . player . additem 92a75 1 if you want to do that yourself . source
the view of the classes you present in the question is way to simplistic . support provides ammo . this is especially critical on big open maps with lot of armor . most people play engineers using up their rockets really quickly ; having lmg with 3.4x + bipod , can provide accurate suppression fire at mid distance ( upcoming patch is going to improve that ) ; on rush maps can effectively suppress enemies preventing them from getting anywhere near m-coms . that can be done either with lmg + extended mags or with mortar ( later is going to be nerfed in upcoming patch - 4.8s reload instead of 3.5s ) ; can run up to tanks and destroy them with c4 , this is especially effective between buildings . and btw you say just " recon has a sniper-rifle " , which is big understatement . recon can set spawn point , which is quite important on rush ( well placed , can allow whole squad to spawn within defenders ' base time after time ) ; can set soflam , which greatly increases effectiveness of javelins , also allows javelins to shoot down aircraft ; can use mav to spot enemies far behind their lines . then support can pick them out with mortar . can set t-ugs near m-com , allowing defenders to react before attackers get chance to arm it .
yes , this is indeed the case . the more altars you smash , the more ore your world will have . note that every ore cycle yields less and less ore &mdash ; fewer veins are generated each time , plus they have a chance to generate inside already-existing deposits . smashing a demon altar actually does 3 different things , provided you have unlocked hardmode : adds a bit of the ore named in the broadcast message to your world . summons a few wraiths to your location . has a chance to either corrupt or hallow a random part of your world by planting a single block of pearlstone or ebonstone .
the way to earn money is by selling items . certain items exist only for the sake of selling and thus earning money ( see bullions ) . bullions come in 3 variants small - sells for 1000 medium - sells for 5000 large - sells for 10000 the way to get these items is by fighting . after chapter 3 , you can buy the reeking box item . on normal , it only costs 500 , and it is well worth the investment . with this item , you can summon undead , to fight against them . these fights usually yield at least 1 bullion and sometimes other items ( weapons , tomes , staffs etc . ) . they are also good to make your units stronger .
the mental power set is also a controller role . this means you gain special effects to your powers in controller stance . at level 12 , you can purchase pyrokinesis in the telekinesis line of powers . this ability locks down your target 's healing abilities , which should make cyborg a lot easier to deal with . if you reach 16 , the psychic shock power in the illusion line will perform the same function . the effects do not stack , though , so if you want to save your power points , try to purchase only one . other abilities you can use are terrorize ( lv . 8 on illusion ) or cryokinesis ( lv 16 on telekinesis ) to reduce your target 's damage output , and thought bubble ( lv 12 on telekinesis ) or phantom flames ( lv 12 on illusion ) to reduce enemy defenses . you can increase the duration of these effects by raising your dominance stat . every 2 points of dominance increases the amount of damage your target can take , before the debuff effect wears off , by one health point . that means the higher you dominance , the fewer times you have to use your debuff abilities and the more straight damage attacks you can do . another method for improving your chances are to earn skill points by completing feats . weapon lines have nodes which give you bonuses for your stats , so purchasing them will give you permanent improvements regardless of what weapon you equip . though there are not a lot of feats you can do early on , you can get them for completing collections , investigations , and alerts in the cities , selling any extra collection items on the broker in the hall of doom for spending cash . races are a good way to earn feat points and style items as well . you can spend in-game cash at vendors in each safe house to by styles that will also net you some feats . also , you can get a total of 310 feat points ( translating to 3 full skill points ) just by completing all the exploration feats for gotham and metropolis ( the booster gold explorations are a separate feat from this ) . these feats can be done without any combat , but i suggest doing them on a pve phase so you do not have to worry about well-meaning heroes ruining your day . good luck !
if an items does 10 - 15 base-damage and you put in a gem that adds +2 min / +2 max the new damage range is 12 - 17 damage . before the patch , the calculation was exactly the same , but +2-4 damage is much more confusing ( in my opinion ) . the new wording just clarifies what really happens . edit : explanation of the old tool-tip : the damage modifiers of rubies ( and +X min or +X max ) on a weapon are calculated before other damage modifiers ( like elemental damage for example ) . within this , the +X min get applied first , taking our example weapon from above to 12 - 15 damage after this , the +X max gets added , resulting in said 12 - 17 damage . if we get another weapon with a very small damage range like 10 - 11 damage it works the same - but after the +X min is applied , we get 12 - 11 damage which does not make sense . as a result , the max-damage is raised to 13 and then the +X max gets added , resulting in 12 - 15 damage . we ended up with +2 min / +4 max . now , if we take a weapon with 10 - 10 damage ( no range ) , we theoretically end up with 12 - 15 damage again , which is +2 min / +5 max ( or +2-5 damage ) but this does not happen in game as there is always a damage-range , so this possibility was excluded from display . conclusion : the old tool-tip showed the theoretical maximum effect a ruby could have , which does not really happen in-game . even my second example only happens rarely ( only if you put a high ruby in a low-level weapon ) so the new tool-tip is much more exact .
when crafting , all materials in the legacy storage are available to you . the are drawn in this order : materials in your inventory materials in your cargo hold materials in your legacy storage this allows you to maximize both accessibility of materials to your alts as well as reduce what you are carrying around .
is it considered cheating to use player levitation ? i doubt it , it is just another a way of tuning the game 's difficulty . . . . it seems like turning this option on would make puzzles considerably easier . it definitely can make many puzzles easier , grabbing the hardest of the hard-to-reach orbs being a prime example ( why solve a puzzle when you can just levitate your friend up there , etc ) . this is especially true if you are playing unlimited , because in this case player 1 can levitate player 2 and 3 over a gap , then player 2 can switch to amadeus and levitate player 1 over too - then everyone is safe - instead of puzzling out how to solve the puzzle so the three characters can each individually pass . while this might be too ' easy ' for some people , at other times it is what is needed - for example , this combination of settings is perfect when i am playing the game with my daughter . however , every public game i have played has had player levitation turned on to friend . i believe the reason you probably see this is because it was the default when the game was released , with the option to change this setting only being added in a later patch . also , it is probably more of a pain to have to communicate these things to other random people in public games , so simplifying things slightly is going to be a welcome addition to many players . were we just making it too hard on ourselves ? did you finished the game and have fun doing so ? if so , then it sounds like it might have been the right amount of hard for you group .
you are just simply using a tediore manufactured gun . in borderlands 2 , whenever you reload with a tediore , your character tosses the gun away , which explodes and can do damage to enemies . shortly thereafter , a new copy of the gun digistructs in your hands .
the trick is to spread the disease first to all of humanity before you raise their suspicion . this will be a long game , so i advise playing at the fastest speed . the starting area is not that important , but i usually choose one of the african countries since land-based transmission is prioritized . concentrate on transmissions first . which transmission type depends on which country you start on . personally , i maximize bird , livestock , air , and water transmissions . mutations will come , but de-evolve them asap and get free points to boot . if you are having trouble spreading in 1st world countries , invest one or two levels in the ability which makes drugs less effective . if you are having trouble actually getting the fungus to some countries ( greenland i am looking at you ) , invest a few points in the fungus special . this is random , though , and it does not work at times , so use it only if there are a few countries left . once everyone is infected , and at this point , you should have 70+ points , start putting points in the symptoms . i personally get the respiratory track ( ! ) and work my way to coma and paralysis . investing a few points in abilities that make researching for the cure harder is fine , but i would rather invest in symptoms that have chances of killing instead . dead researchers = no research . have fun !
in this case it sounds like your play style is off because your build may be off . it is important to remember how you build , you are not going to beat a ranged carry in pure ranged dps battle . honestly you should use your range skills quickly and drop in as hammer form as you gain mana per hit and armor and mr passively while in it . since this is mostly a late game thing i will give you an idea on how your build should look in the end . trinity force : self explanatory , sheen proc works wonders with all your abilities and on hits , mana is vital to you , hp , ad , slow for the rare moments one of your slows are down , movement speed off zeal gives a fairly high movement speed even when off your stance switch ghost heart of gold/randuins omen : more hp to put on top of the trinity force , the gp5 for heart of gold early adds up especially if you grab a philo early on ( you should jayce ate some mana cost nerfs so he is hungry for mana ) . the randuins cripples the enemy team once you jump in with the hammer and the armor ensures physicals will not just eat you . merc treads : must have , need the mr to round out the build and the tenacity for when you jump in is vital banshee veil : i have removed maw and swapped for this after some gold efficiency charts and general theorycrafting . the flat health all the time is better than the shield on the basis it takes all damage . the mr is higher and the mana gives you more room to spam and fight in team fights . it also makes you virtually impossible to initiate on and most of the aoe damage you take in a fight is from magic . the damage loss is negligible on the basis you might actually survive the team fight . last whisper : absolute must have , for pure physical damage nothing trumps last whisper especially end game . at 30 armor on the enemy is does more damage than an unstacked bloodthirster and at 103 it does more than a fully stacked bloodthirster and it is cheaper . you may want this before maw , if so , grab a hexdrinker for the mr , ad and shield and go straight for this . completely up to you : this last item slot is for whatever you need to counter the opposing team . need to survive poke ? force of nature . want to sponge more damage and go in earlier ? warmogs . need more damage ? black cleaver/ie/bloodthirster this is by no means a build order , you may only want sheen early and then rush randuins . this is a final build idea . remember a massive portion of your damage is your skills and only half are actually affected by ad so building tanky early on can let you still hurt . as jayce you are the most dynamic character on the field and you need a firm grasp as to what your team needs from you . if they need a damage sponge early on in engages , you need to build for that . if they have got a nasty nocturne eating your ad carry , you sit by that ad carry until noc arrives and you knock him away with your hammer and leap onto him afterwards . you have got an initiate ? you throw your gate down and shoot your q into them and hammer leap in while popping randuins and eat their ad carry . do not forgot that your hammer stance gives you mana on hit and armor and mr passively while in it . for most engages you will want to start in ranged mode , land a quick gate followed by q as well as a sheen proc and the on hit mr/ar reduction from the ranged swap and then leap in on a squishy or keep a tanky dps off your ad carry with your hammer stance and the cc from it . i highly suggest smart casting with jayce otherwise it takes too long to use all these abilities and then join the fray , cause otherwise your tank/other tanky dps will die . if you notice this build leans heavily towards being a tanky dps , the reason for this is because his damage can all be put out in a fast barrage and then you can quickly close the distance afterwards . as far as being a ranged carry , jayce has one of the lowest attack ranges and no steroids besides a fast three shot . his dps is not so great honestly . he is more of a tanky dps that can attack from range . do not forgot about his ranged skills as you need to jump between using all of his abilities all the time , do not just aa unless you are nothing but cooldowns or are oom .
the -hp from items decreases the maximum health attainable on a lich .
the japanese wiki for the game has the following information . i can not confirm it all myself but it makes sense and fits how the two difficulties in etrian odyssey 4 worked . the short version is that enemy difficulty goes up as you increase the difficulty , and the game becomes less forgiving of party wipes . on picnic and normal , after your party dies in battle , it will reload prior to the battle . this can happen indefinitely on picnic , but only once on normal . ariadne threads do not get used up on picnic . this matches how etrian odyssey 4 worked on casual . damage dealt and received change based on difficulty . normal is a baseline of 100% damage dealt and received . on picnic you deal 133% damage and receive 33% damage . on expert you deal 66% damage and receive 166% damage . on picnic , healing spells operate at 150% efficiency . it is 100% for normal and expert .
simply choose a different item in your inventory .
having had another play around with the character creator it seems that although the outfit is based on the various stats you have chosen , it also picks - at random - between 4 or 5 outfits . you can test this yourself : set all your stats how you had like them - your character will change into an outfit . pick a stat ( let 's go with legal work ) and remove all the hours you put in . hopefully , if you had enough in the first place you will see your outfit change to something else . put the same amount of hours back into legal work . chances are you will have a different outfit to the one before . using this process i was able to cycle through the outfits available to my character and pick one i preferred . i can not find any definitive list of outfits but this should help finding the one you want .
i agree with the above comment about this being a subjective question . with that being said i will provide you my personal opinion after having used 5.1 digital surround sound headphones for gaming for around 2 years . i can not recommend them enough if the money is not an issue . the headphones help substantially in a couple different ways . first : the sound clarity is amazing . you will end up hearing things you normally would not have heard . footsteps seems amplified and its easier to tell the direction of gunfire . second : direction . in addition to the location of gunfire , the 5.1 surround sound makes it easier to identify the direction of the footsteps . this helps prevent people from sneaking up on you . third : late night gaming . it is useful to play a fps at ear splitting volume but never wake anyone up . on late nights your significant other will thank you . finally : the most important aspect of gaming headphones . it blocks out ambient noise . this is true with any headphones and will greatly improve your game . whether you realize it or not your body focuses on ambient noises and by blocking them out i have found my concentration for the game is greatly improved . as with any other recommendation , take this with a grain of salt . but i have personally found gaming headphones to be invaluable in my fps game .
you do not need to be in combat for any of these , the end result is all that matters . the armored challenge is pretty simple . any enemy in body armor ( armor is highlighted yellow in detective mode ) will fly back in the direction of the charge blast . so if batman is in combat with an armored enemy , do the quick rec blast ( xbox 360: lt  , ps3: l1  ) and he should go flying backwards . if you make sure he is positioned between you and some other enemies you will get the challenge easy . as for causing an enemy to hit another , the outlined strategy for hitting one of the lieutenants is a good one . but it will work well on any tight group of enemies wielding weapons .
it is the autosave icon ; it indicates your game has been saved . there is a screen that explains that either when the game starts up or as one of the loading screen tips .
borderlands 2 uses steamworks , and according to chrisf they do not use any other special ports , so the standard steam answers apply . source steam client UDP 27000 to 27015 inclusive (Game client traffic) UDP 27015 to 27030 inclusive (Typically Matchmaking and HLTV) UDP 4380  dedicated or listen servers TCP 27015 (SRCDS Rcon port)  steamworks p2p networking and steam voice chat UDP 3478 (Outbound) UDP 4379 (Outbound) UDP 4380 (Outbound)  also , there are several isps which block ports required for the proper operation of steam and steam games : furthermore , steam has their own connectivity support doc with the basic check your firewall , av software , etc . that you could try here . the only interesting thing i see on it is starting steam with -tcp to force it to use all tcp ports instead of udp , if that is messing something up on your end .
no there is not . the only way to block/parry attacks , is to have either only one weapon , or a weapon and a shield , and then press ( and hold ) right mouse button .
yes . you can play any backwards compatible games ( which includes halo 1 ) via system link between an original xbox and an xbox 360 . you can not just connect the two ethernet ports together , however as the original xbox requires a crossover cable . you can however , plug them both into the same router . you will need a disc per console , as with any system link play . source - see tips section
i will do you one better . rent levels do not effect your morality over time . instead you get dinged initially ( when you set it ) , but when you change it back you can get that morality back . when i tested it , i initially set my properties to high ( as i needed money at the beginning ) but once i owned all of albion i pushed it back to low ; and my morality came back . now i can not be sure it was in equal amounts but it was more than enough to get me over 100% long before the end .
i think hearing enemies is , like many other things in xcom , a random thing . the chances are higher when you have no enemies in sight and you are far away from them . however , it is possible to hear enemies that are out of line of sight even when you are in combat with other enemies . it is also possible to have two soldiers hear enemies in the same turn . i even had a single soldier hear the same enemy twice with no delay between ! one thing that does seem consistent , however , is that when you hear an enemy , it will resonate from the closest enemy to you . i have never heard enemies from across the map when there are closer ones nearby . so , your strategy of playing slow is probably just increasing the chances of hearing enemies , as you are taking more turns , which is indeed a useful thing .
i used Reducto ( the orange spell ) to constantly blast them back . that keeps them away long enough for dumbledore to finish his drinking game .
save up as much as the regular ip price for each rune you want to purchase . i would estimate based on the maximum costs for each kind of tier 3 rune : seals , marks , and glyphs cost at most 820 ip , while quintessences cost at most 2050 ip . seasonal runes fall in at tier 2.5 , which are at best as good as tier 3 . because of this , seasonal runes cost at most as much as their tier 3 equivalents , although historically they have cost less . for example , the quintessence of frosty fortitude available during christmas cost 1550 ip compared to the regular 2050 ip - a notable 500 ip less for the same stats . for some historical value , you can check out the list of runes to see what riot has done so far , and in particular the list of quintessences has the ip prices recorded . riot will likely never create a completely unique seasonal rune in terms of stats ; players generally frown upon any game-changing mechanic that is only available to purchase for a limited time , and riot has been very conscious of that . also , make sure you are at least level 20 in time for the event so that you have access to the highest tier runes . lower-level characters are not able to purchase higher tier runes in advance , although riot has more recently released tier 1.5 runes to cater to lower-level players .
if you have already completed the level once , and go back and try to complete the level again , the invincibilty leaf ( the item that gives you the white tanooki suit ) will not appear anymore , no matter how many times you die . the same goes for p-wings - if you have already completed a level once , then you will not get to use the p-wing in that level .
thanks to the answer to this question , i was successfully able to use autohotkey to map the mouse right-click to a key on the keyboard , which gives me the ability to control the camera in the game . ( however , i have also asked a new question , regarding whether or not using software like autohotkey violates the guild wars terms of service . )
here is a walk-through .
since the only items impossible to obtain in peaceful are mob drops ( that are not obtained otherwise ) and derivatives , here 's a list of unobtainable items : blaze rod music discs ( with the exception of music discs "13" and " cat" ) ender pearls ( even though you can obtain an eye of ender by trading ) spider eye ghast tear slimeballs magma cream nether star wither skeleton skull there are only a handful of direct derivatives : brewing stand ( requires blaze rod ) this leads to no potions as well , especially those that use a fermented spider eye , ghast tear , blaze powder , or magma cream sticky piston ( requires slimeball ) beacon ( requires nether star ) the wither ( requires 3 wither skeleton skulls , but you are not going to spawn that on peaceful anyway ) fire charge ( requires blaze powder ) also limits available fireworks and here is the list of drops you can still obtain : bone ( can be found in temple and dungeon chests ) rotten flesh ( before snapshot 12w22a could be traded with villagers but can also be found in temple and dungeon chests ) strings ( obtained by : destroying cobwebs and tripwires and it has 53% chance of spawning in a dungeon chest ) arrows ( can be crafted with other resources available in peaceful , can be found in temples and can be traded with villagers ) gunpowder ( will be possible to loot in dungeon chests ) gold nuggets ( can be obtained by placing a gold ingot into a crafting area ) dragon egg ( reaching the end is possible by trading eyes of ender with villagers ; apparently the ender dragon will not despawn on peaceful and the creation of a piston is still possible ) glowstone dust ( can be obviously obtained in the nether and by trading with villagers ) it is also to note that a lot of items , that are possible to obtain , will not be renewable anymore , like : bone ( previously farmed by killing skeletons or wither skeletons ) coal ( not charcoal , previously farmed by killing the wither skeleton ) gunpowder ( previously farmed by killing creepers , ghasts or witches ) strings ( previously farmed by killing spiders and cave spiders )
when playing minecraft with mods , the mods version are unique to the version you are playing for example : if your playing in minecraft 1.4.7 then the mods are 1.4.7 compatible . meaning you can not put a 1.7.2 buildcraft version in there because it will black screen your game when launching . also when adding/replacing a mod delete the older version before adding the new version of the mod in . if you are updating a modpack create a save of your . minecraft folder for tekkit so if anything goes wrong your have a go to save .
starred upgrades can be toggled on and off by clicking on the star . the reason is that these upgrades change the appearance of the weapon in a way that some players might not prefer . for example , if you had prefer to use the simpler iron sights instead of the upgraded reflex sight on your m4 / amcar , you still can , even after passing the point in the upgrade tree where the reflex sight is applied to the weapon . cosmetic changes to weapons do not affect the underlying stat - for example , if you toggle off the damage upgrade for the revolver , the graphic will show the old style bullets , but you will still deal increased damage as if you had hollowpoints loaded . if you toggle off a functional upgrade ( such as a reflex sight ) , your accuracy will still be increased , but obviously , you will lose the ability to use the sight .
go to the black briar lodge you are in black briar meadery . there will be two men outside in front of the lodge , an archer and a swordsman . you can either fight them and enter through the front or sneak around and open the basement door on the west side of the house . once downstairs , there will be a barrel in the back with the papers in a strongbox . the papers may also be found on one of the tables . more about the quest here .
bugs respawn like grass and monsters . there is no harm in killing them other than needing to leave the area and come back to capture them . ( plus the long-lasting and appropriate stain on your conscience . you murdered a butterfly . )
you can freely join leagues ( like the ugc ) to get yourself noticed . you may also be able to network with other players and build your own team . another option is to pug for competitive teams . idle on irc ( like gamesurge ) and offer your services .
by far the easiest way to get all letter scraps and spaceship parts is by linking your game to your rockstar socialclub account and use the interactive map legend to keep track of the collectibles you have found , and those you have not yet found . the map takes a little while to update and your console needs to be online for it to work at its fullest .
well , it can slightly reduce loading time . however , reading from the dvd / blu-ray / hdd is not the only time consumming operation that can happen during those loading screen . in fact , it is generally not the longest operation . after reading the data from the disc , the game still has to : decompress it ( data is generally compressed to reduce used space ) rebuild cross-references ( between textures and models , . . . ) . . . those operations generally take more than half of the loading time . there exists some techniques to reduce this time ( streaming , . . . ) but they may not be applicable to all types of game , and they can be difficult to implement . game are allowed to use some space on the hdd as a cache of blu-ray / dvd ( both on xbox and ps3 ) . this is not that much used as installation ( either via the guide on xbox , or via the game on ps3 ) is generally a better option ( as the cache can be cleared automatically by the system after exiting the game ) . on some specific games , loading time can be drastically improved however . gran turismo 5 for ps3 loading time can be halved by using a ssd .
upon playing further , tolir took until the ripe old age of 77 to pass . hrane ( now 48 ) has returned to claim the throne of norway , along with a pleasant surprise : hrane now has a nice starting prestige of 279 ( +200 ) and a bump of the royal coffers by 200 as well . be aware , i was prompted that being a member of the varangian guard is dangerous , so i am assuming that members are more likely to die than if they were sitting in a court . however , if you have more than one valid heir ( even a chaste-craven-homosexual backup ) , i would recommend sending your sons to the guard if they ask . yes , you should let your sons join the varangian guard . if they return safely , they bring +200 gold/ prestige when they return for their claims and the " varangian " trait ( +2 martial , +1 diplomacy ) .
since one of the monk 's achievements ( like water ) is to dodge 15 attacks in a row , i would say #1 is accurate : each time you are attacked you have a 50% change to dodge this can further be backed up by many dodge-specced monks who can testify to dying many times due to a string of bad luck : )
you can make a very strong case that for the majority of users buying gear from the ah will put you further ahead as opposed to levelling up the blacksmith . however , this relies on the prices in the auction house remaining low . this should be a safe , long term assumption as the supply should outpace the demand assuming people resell items they purchase . the best gear that the blacksmith produces is certainly being hoarded by those who have invested the time and effort to generate it or will be offered for sale at an enormous price . in the short term , yes , you can do better in the ah under the current economy . in the long term , dependant very strongly on your luck in crafting equipment with the stats you are hoping for , the blacksmith may become your better source of equipment as the best legendary items will almost certainly be absurdly priced . crafting equipment has always entailed some risk . in diablo 2 , the best players would hoard perfect rubies to try to create " blood " gear ( items with strong life leech ) . if your build calls for such a piece then it may be the small advantage you need to start succeeding in inferno . many will not want to do this but will benefit from the few who are doing it . if they are looking for dex gloves and you want int , their failures are your opportunity to buy .
perhaps you should look at jeff atwood 's blog on sound cards from may 4th , 2011 . the default , built-in sound chips on most motherboards have evolved from " totally crap " to " surprisingly decent " in the last 5 years . but besides that , in this era of ubiquitous quad core cpus nearing 4 ghz , it would be difficult to make a plausible case that you need a discrete set of silicon to handle sound processing , even for the very fanciest of 3d sound algorithms and hrtfs . if jeff is considered to be an expert , the need for eax support died when processing power became sufficent to no longer require external hardware . from the wikipedia artcile on eax : according to creative 's openal 1.1 specification , eax should be considered deprecated as a developer interface . new development should use openal 's efx interface , which covers all the eax functionality and is more tightly coupled with the overall openal framework from creative 's post explaining openal and windows vista ( and subsequently windows 7 ) : with microsoft 's decision to remove the audio hardware layer in windows vista , legacy directsound 3d games will no longer use hardware 3d algorithms for audio spatialization . instead they will have to rely upon the new microsoft software mixer that is built into windows vista . this new software mixer will give the users basic audio support for their old direct sound games but since it has no hardware layer , all eax effects will be lost , and no individual per-voice processing can be performed using dedicated hardware processing . legacy eax games will likely not perform correctly on windows vista and windows 7 . from this march 09 , 2011 of the auzentech x-meridian 7.1 2g sound card : we cannot fault any current sound card for lacking the ability to enable eax in legacy games . eax is no longer a standard used in pc game audio . if it works in a game , it is simply a bonus to the sound card buyer . when eax came out it was necessary for games to enable eax for the game to utilize the hardware . since directsound is no longer supported game developers should be using openal , which enables hardware acceleration automatically ( if supported by the device ) or is otherwise handled through the software . the list of openal supported games is not extensive ( in my opinion ) but not all games require a highly emersive sound experience .
since the " vr support " list does not include the games that have the " oculus rift " banner ( as shown on your link to doorways : chapter 1 and 2 ) and the fact that none of the games returned by that search query have the same banner , it would seem that this is functionality that has not yet been fully implemented and/or it could be for games supporting valve 's own upcoming virtual reality hardware . however , there are a couple of manually maintained lists available ; this one on steam contains quite a few more games than are returned by the " vr support " search query but does not seem to be actively updated anymore , this one on wikipedia is about games in general that support the oculus rift , not necessarily games specific to steam , not specific to steam , but riftenabled is a wiki-like site that keeps track of rift support in games there is also the oculus rift owners group which may help you find out further information on which games directly support the oculus rift , but mainly seems to be full of tweaking games that do not officially support it yet .
all legendary equipment recipes are random , but the locations of materials can be found here . i found mine on manglemaw at torment v ( 70 ) .
zyra as a support has a bunch of useful skills : she is ranged . grasping roots : a 0.75 / 1 / 1.25 / 1.5 / 1.75 root that can be used to initiate . rampant growth : no mana cost and plants a seed which can be used as a ward zyras ulti stranglethorns does not deal much damage but after 2 seconds , the vines snap back knocking enemies into the air for 1.5 seconds and do not forgot her passive rise of the thorns . when she dies , she shoots a line nuke which takes 99 ( + 25 x level ) true damage - this is 549 damage at level 18 ! however , zyra does not have any escape mechanism . to counter zyra i would recommend a champion that is ranged , fast , gives a heal or shield and has a good escape or group stun . i would choose janna janna has great mobility , can easily and quickly knock enemies into the air , and her shields can win fights . she also has a good slow and her ulti is one of the best escape and heal mechanisms in the game - it simply can " reset " teamfights . hope that i explained my decision process : )
the maximum number of trade offers you can get a villager to generate will depend on their profession . each time you trade the last ( right-most ) offer a villager has , two changes happen to their available trade offers : any trade offers that have been used enough times to deactivate them will be reactivated . there is a chance that a new trade offer will be added to the end of their list , which will be a different item than the trade offers currently appearing . if no new offer is added it usually means a previous offer was reoffered at a new exchange rate ( e . g . 20 wheat for an emerald changing to 19 wheat ) . therefore , if you have not traded the last offer to the point of deactivation and the villager has not yet shown you all of their trade offers , there is still a chance for them to generate more . a list of the possible trade offers by profession can be found here . if you add them all up , you get the following for the maximum number of different trade offers a given villager type can possibly make as of version 1.6.4: farmer : 14 librarian : 9 priest : 13 blacksmith : 26 butcher : 11 and i can confirm this is true for the librarian , because i maxed one out already . ; )
the starting skills make a difference of a few hours at maximum , nothing you really need to worry about . and i checked some characters of mine and it seems you do not get any skill difference in the science skills in any case . you get science 3 , and that is it . i also would not worry about the attributes , as you have a specific skill plan you should remap them immediately anyway .
he is actually very easily countered , as he specializes in countering standard mid mages , you just need to pick less common things to counter him , which does not happen as much in solo queue . for instance , fizz , talon or any ad carry all counter him quite easily and make his laning phase quite miserable . and if he gets behind , he needs to roam to get kills , and organized teams are a lot better at avoiding random jumps from him , due to warding , enhanced map awareness and better communication . so essentially , it is too complicated to get ahead with him in a tournament and is not worth the risk .
i test it and the time is about ~1,5 sec . from start to first pipe ~4 sec . ( it is not as easy to check clock and play the same time ) when i would have someone who stop the time it would be more accurate .
if you go your steam library and select " add a game"-> " add a non-steam game " then find the executable for bf:bc2 , this will show your friends when you are playing bc2 . you will also be able to access the in-game overlay for pming your steam friends and using the browser . sadly , it will not show any details about the server you are on , just that you are playing it . this is the best you can currently integrate non-steam games into steam ( games that do not have a steam-activatable key , at least ) .
from what it looks like you can not use multiple wireless controllers through cronusmax at once . although it does look like you can use one cronusmax in addition to 3 normal controllers . this provides information regarding non-hub controller support , but the original link does state that you can only use one controller through the adapter at once . so i am going to say you can only use one .
from https://help.ea.com/article/mass-effect-3-day-one-patch patch notes : fixed issue with disconnection during purchase flow fixed issue with 64kbps connection . fixed issue with multiplayer consumables . fixed issue with multiple " connection failed " messages sent to users . fixed hang when returning to mission computer from squad in pause menu when both the system language and in-game text language are set to japanese . fixed several minor dlc related issues fixed crash on windows xp on minimum spec pc . fixed lighting and shading on minimum spec pcs . fixed potential crash when loading with quick resume .
no , it does not have any effect on scoring , it just makes your voice sound better coming out of the speakers . joystiq puts it this way : the game will use izotope 's real-time pitch detection and correction to make you sound less like yourself and more like someone who can hit a damn note occasionally .
the only stat tracking that is available currently , is what is shown in your profile . you can access someone else 's ( or your own ) profile by right clicking on their name or portrait and clicking " view profile " - at the window appearing in the top left corner , is the stats mentioned . the stats shown track achievement points total elite kills total gold gathered highest hardcore level lifetime kills ( note that these stats are not specific for each character , but rather account-wide , spanning all your hero characters on the specific server you are currently on . )
the biome generator has changed between different game updates , and the server is assigning a biome based on the seed , but not generating new terrain . i have several desert areas discovered during alpha that are now considered tundra or arctic , and are as such covered with snow .
beyond skill points and level , i am aware of no other factors that directly affect axton 's turret damage ( ignoring things like slag , which are properties of the entity being attacked , not of axton or his turret ) . it is worth noting that the dahl engineer class mod provides sentry skill points , which will increase the turret 's dps ( though not the damage per hit ) .
the commendation vendor can be found in the same room as the starship upgrades vendor on carrick station ( ne quadrant , if i recall correctly ) . he is just not standing behind the counter , but by the racks just next to the counter . edit : confirmed . it is a protocol droid named s-40 .
the kill always goes to the champion who damaged them most recently , unless 10 seconds has passed between death and champion damage , then it is an execute and nobody gets kill credit . this counts for champions who die by turret , fountain , monsters and minions .
i found a way to connect to easily connect to private servers using a hacked wii to play the game using devolution , a gamecube emulator that can emulate the broadband adapter . following the details from this youtube viedo i was able to log into both the schtserv that troylatroy referenced as well as the l33tserv . i recently hacked my friend 's wii and set this up for him so if there are any further questions feel free to message me .
channeled abilities , in starcraft and elsewhere , have two primary implications : the unit can do nothing else while casting the ability . if the unit is killed/stunned/interrupted then the effect ends prematurely or the final result does not occur . this is true in starcraft , warcraft , dota , and many other games . it is interesting to note that all the games i can think of that use channeled spells ( and refer to them with that phrase ) are made by , or originated with , blizzard .
i have taken half an hour just looking through the auction house , and i have taken my own experience and various forum posts into account , and these are my findings : the maximum number of sockets per equipment type varies . it seems to be independent of item rarity ( magic and rare items , legendaries are something special ) . instead , it seems to depend entirely on the body type of the item . these are the maximums i was able to identify : first of all : shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots can not have sockets at all ( more on that later ) . helmets , rings , amulets , weapons , and offhands : one socket pants two sockets chest armor three sockets legendary items are a special case : they always have a certain fixed amount of sockets per named item , but just for completeness : the maximum number of sockets on legendaries i could find was two . there is something i have to add about shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots : even though there seem to be no belts with sockets , it is theoretically still possible that belts can have sockets , and simply nobody has found one yet . i come to this conclusion from a simple fact : shoulders , gloves , and boots have no search option for " has sockets " in the auction house , indicating that it is indeed not possible for them to have one . belts , however , do have this search option . it is entirely possible that blizzard just left it in by accident , though . another interesting fact about items and sockets : items have a fixed amount of random properties ( this can differ , even for same rarity and body placement ) . when an item is dropped , or identified , the contents of these properties are randomly rolled out . sockets , no matter how many there are in the item slot , take up exactly one of these random properties . this make for an interesting conclusion : if you are unlucky , sockets may take away important stats from your item . in general , pure item stats will always be higher than you could at to it with gems . for example , perfect strength gems provide +22 strength . in comparison , items of roughly the same level seem to hit an upper cap of around +60 strength . this means that if you , for example , identify a rare chest armor piece and it finds +50 vitality , +20 experience per kill and +1.2% chance to stun on hit , plus one socket , then that last socket could have been a slot for +50 strength , whereas now you can only try to compensate for it with gems . on the contrary , however , this becomes a nice bonus when you actually want to stack a certain stats . items can not roll the same bonus stat twice . if we go with the example from above , you now can circumvent this fact by adding another +22 vitality gem into the socket , thus giving you even more life on the item ( good for tanks , for example ) . this thread discusses all of this ( notice bashiok 's post later in the thread , acknowledging these facts ) .
i agree that morgana counter for leona in lane is not great for higher elo ( see xpecial v kreppo in this game as example ) . as you stated her shields are to long of a cooldown and leona can just q the non shielded person after zenith blade . looking at the raw game data is useful if you already have a good understanding of lane match ups , but that does not provide any insight on why certain supports are good vs leona . it also does not encourage innovation in lane because everyone always plays what everyone else plays . the best approach is to know why leona ( or any champion ) is weak in lane/game and find champions or gameplay that exploits that weakness . here are some alternative champions if thresh and lulu are banned . alistar is an often an underrated support due to his melee and higher skill cap . he is great if you are freezing right in front of your turret . pulverize and headbutt into turret is super annoying for the leona and will keep her cautious with zenith blade . his roar also helps sustaining after the little burst if the stun does land . his biggest downside in lane is that he is not a bully , and he will take poke . leona is generally good with hard engage comps and alistar helps with peeling off carries and disengaging in teamfights . he is hard to master but definitely worth adding to your support arsenal . janna is also a great choice for the reasons you mentioned . her shield is nice for blocking some of the initial damage while providing time for the adc to get away . her howling gale is also nice for interrupting both leona and the opposing adc when the zenith blade does land . she provides nice harass if you have vision of bush and is good at aiding ganks with her slow and knockup . her biggest downside in lane is she is squishy and if you do get caught and your shield is down you are kinda screwed . in the later game her monsoon , movement speed boost and gale provide great disengage for the hard engage of leona team comps . taric . . i hate to add taric to any list but he is good against leona . his stun provides a great way to keep the opposing adc from doing anything when zenith blade lands . his heal provides good sustain after the initial burst . his shatter has a good armor reduction for leona as well . his biggest downside in lane is that he is melee and aside from throwing out stuns he is not much of a bully . his biggest downside late game is he is useless ( i hate taric as support so take the last sentence knowing i am biased ) . taric is great if your team is a catch comp but if its not he kinda just stands around shattering and throwing out heals/stuns in team fights . not as common but with a high enough skill i think would be pretty fun nami does not sound like someone you had want to pick against a leona , but give me a chance to explain . you will always be able to land aqua prisons on leona if she zenith blades ! your ebb and flow onto the adc will most likely bounce to slow either leona or the opposing adc while healing and increasing the movement speed of your adc . and your blessing will provide a nice bit of extra magic damage to hit leona as she is up in the air/running away . her downside in lane is that she is probably the squishiest support , and she uses alot of mana . in team fights she provides great disengage for the heavy engage with her wave and prison . the movement speed increases from her spells and the bonus damage from blessing will make your adc extra potent ! it may require alot more skill but she can be a good support vs a leona . soraka is again not great sounding but hold your judgment ! again this another match that requires a bit more skill but will frustrate your opponents . as leona is zenith blading in , land your infuse on her , silencing her and stopping the impending stun . soraka 's passive and blessing make recovering from a landed stun easier , as she heals for more on lower health targets . her bananas provide some nice harass while you are laning so spellthief will provide some extra income . her global is always great if you are not sure how great your other lanes will be doing . her biggest weakness in lane is her squishness and lack of engage . this will mean your lane will be more passive and most likely farming near turret , but this will frustrate the leona cause she cant do anything . in teamfights another downside is she is only good for silencing and healing . her ult heals are great if your against a pick comp or blessing if someone gets hit with some initial burst . overall this would be more of a fun comp maybe with an urgot vs a leona lane . another great alternative to a leona opponent is just avoid her . leona becomes pretty useless in 2v1 situations . they can either rotate to counter costing them farm , or deal with it . this requires a bit of teamwork ( solo q its hard to make this work ) , but a lane swap is a great counter to a leona lane . i may add more later if i think of any other fun , uncommon supports .
no they do not ; large habitats take up more space ( usually 1 block wider and longer ) and some elemental habitats are larger than others . when you try to upgrade a habitat you will have a chance to move the habitat and you will see it is new dimensions to allow you to move it to where you have space . large earth habitats are the largest and plant habitats are the smallest i believe . rainbow dragon habitats are actually even smaller but they are a special exception .
no . your items will not be safe , eventually , he will despawn .
personal preference really . they all do the same thing , in different ways . as far as i have seen anyway , meaning i do not believe specific enemies have any weaknesses to specific spells . only reason that you need all three is that there is a point in the game you require the lighting and fire spells . that being said , the fire spell causes burn damage , but that is a chance to initiate ( enemies do not always get burned after you cast the spell ) . you get the fire spell after you defeat the first boss . ( the moonblood ) .
yes , mainly because zoltun kulle is an act 2 boss . act 2 drops can yield tier 17 items , where act 1 can only yield tier 16 items . to get the best drops possible you have to farm act 3 . while the drops probabilities should be somewhat equal between the two , the second one can drop better items
my reading would suggest that the rupees appear during normal activities when you would already get rupees , such as cutting grass or killing enemies . you would just get more of them than normal . http://www.ign.com/wikis/the-legend-of-zelda-skyward-sword/rupee_medal i do not know of any hard numbers to support this , so it might not be an especially dramatic increase in rupees . it might become more noticable with more than one rupee medal , because anecdotal evidence would suggest that the effects of different medals stack . see this question : do medal effects stack ?
fallout wiki suggests the following : if the player chooses to spare him , after the quest the end ulysses will hang around near the entrance to the canyon wreckage , where ulysses will help the courier make camp fire recipes . ulysses will also present new dialogue options , such as giving hints at how to deal with legate lanius and commenting on possible previous player actions in the mojave ( e . g . killing house ) . ulysses will also supply the courier with miscellaneous items he found in hopeville ( the courier 's mile ) , including rockets , rad-x , radaway , mre , and pre-war books . if he is alive at the conclusion of lonesome road , he will offer both the history and recipes of bitter drink .
yes , you have to . otherwise , you can not even launch the game .
i had solved the problem . looks like the problem was with my led button to increase the sound , over the keybord . ubuntu detects it as a input device . xmoto try to detect the input devices to able joysticks so this " running sudo ln -s /dev/input/js0 /dev/js1 and sudo ln -s /dev/input/js1 /dev/js0 solves the problem to me . js0 device is my led button . js1 device is my joystick .
basically , for-comm tanking gear in swtor is optimized incredibly poorly . with a full set you should be able to manage sm ops or hm fps and start getting set bonus pieces with better mods . as a guardian/juggernaut you will want all defense augments anyways so you can load up on those on your own . . . not quite sure about the other tanking classes . there are also competetive 54 implants and earpieces on the gtn for cheap with better stats .
once you set foot on ilos , there is no going back . you are unable to return to the normandy , so what you have got is what you have got . this is why the romance video ( if applicable ) plays during the flight to ilos , which bioware mimic'd in the sequel with a similar point of no return . that said , there is nothing earned from finding more salarian medals . it does not carry forward to mass effect 2 , and you do not even get any real acknowledgments that you have completed it . this might be one case where you have to look at your inner perfectionist , and get them to say , " eh , close enough " .
there is an advanced setting that allows you to found towns during the game . it can be configured during a game and turning it on will allow you to found a new town . more information can be found at : http://wiki.openttd.org/advanced_settings/economy#founding_towns_in_game once it is turned on , founding a new town is available from the town list under the ' town ' menu . ( see comment below )
i managed to figure this one out . here 's a picture of the finished design : here 's another picture of the same model : both of these images come from a compressed version of the device , but it is difficult to tell what is going on . here 's a much less compact version which is easier to understand . keep in mind that the components are still the same in this version , just more spread out . here are the various components : red is the input . blue is a standard and gate . yellow is a falling edge trigger . green is simply a delay circuit . orange is a piston t flip-flop , as seen here in design m . purple is the output . this works by using the t flip-flop as a " lock " to stop the input from going through the and gate . the falling edge trigger creates a pulse when the and gate goes from on to off , toggling the t flip-flop . the delay circuit then toggles the t flip-flop again , reopening the and gate . the design can be fairly compact , but is a little slow . if speed is an issue , you could definitely speed it up by doing these things : change the t flip-flop to an rs nor latch . bypass the and gate when handling the input with the rs nor latch . remove as many torches in the design as possible by using an inverted latch . if speed is an issue and you can not figure out those modifications , i can try and add them to my design and post it . just leave a comment . in my case , speed was not an issue , so i used this design instead . take your pick .
nope , there is only one ending .
the game intentionally does not allow you to quit without saving ( or abandoning ) and does not allow you to have more than one save per fort . the idea is that there is no going back . losing is supposed to be fun . however , you can get around this problem with a little trickery . save the game . then make a copy of your game folder . then keep playing . if you want to load the previous save , just delete your current game folder and replace it with the old one . it is a lot of work , but it gets the job done .
i think those people misled you . soul fire is not going to be your " main nuke " , no matter what . so , unless you want to use it anyway because you want to play an odd game ( a fine thing to do if you really want to ) , you had better stick with the correct spells to cast to achieve best results . since in wow what really matters to most people in only the raid boss fights during the endgame , i doubt you will find any serious ej-backed study about spell priorities while leveling . you have two ways to decide what is best to do . way a : do , as much as you can , what you will have to do once you reach the endgame ( link ) . it will not be the best you can do to maximise killing speed , but you will get used to some patterns you will have to follow when the things get tough ( i.e. . : raids ) . way b : do it yourself , i.e. read carefully the spell and talent descriptions , study the comments you can find around the net , try both on dummy targets and on real mobs what works best .
' portal standing ' and ' peek-a-portal ' do not work the same as they did before , but the same effects can still be achieved . here 's something cool done in p2 with peek-a-portal : here , while peeking through the orange portal to the blue side he is able to place another blue portal from the blue side while moving back to the orange side . just like peek-a-portal from portal 1 . as for portal standing , you can not use the ledge of a portal as a place to stand even while switching portal locations , but by carefully jumping through a portal and back , placing a new portal in between . you can jump from your blue portal , to orange , place a blue , and come back out the new blue side , even if there is no way to touch ground on the orange side . an example can be seen in at 0:09 of this level 5 speed-run : a bit later in that same video , there is a third glitch you have not mentioned yet , guy uses something he describes as " portal change cube grab " . it takes him 3 tries , but basically , he switches the location of the blue portal just as the cube is falling through the blue portal , and he is able to grab the cube as it is leaving the orange portal but before it is launched away . maybe this is not a glitch , because the mechanics make perfect sense , you just have to be really fast . it probably was not an intended solution though .
i usually hold it however i hold it normally so screen is open to that first " click " and i just move up and down ( closer to the floor the move up towards the ceiling ) in small movements about the length of my stomach starting slow and getting faster til u find the right pace the baby likes . do not try to over think it too much .
sadly , no . the games that support the xbox live vision camera are not natively supported by kinect . in fact , the two do not play nice together at all , according to this microsoft support article . the only crossover app appears to be video kinect , which can be used with either device .
vistas are often in hard to reach places above the ground , most likely on a roof or on top of a stone formation . to reach it , there should be a more or less obvious path leading to this place , often requiring a few jumps . the specific marker to trigger a vista is a small light shaft with a vista icon floating above . you just need to be in the light and press f in order to trigger it . the hard part is both locating and reaching the vista itself . in this specific example , the answer is directly in front of your eyes :
your squad mates will use there power on what ever target you have your focus on ( indicated by the red corners around the target ) when you use there move/attack command ( default on pc is Q and E ) when bringing up the command hud ( default on pc is Left Shift ) you can change what target is in focus by moving the camera over other targets . other wise they will use them at will , unless they have a limited number of charges like grenades or you change the option for power use in the option> gameplay menu .
generally speaking , as a weapon-using character , there is not going to be much difference between a bound weapon and a physical one . so , to answer your first question , the other trees useful to your path will be the same ones that are useful to any bow/battleaxe-wielding character . as for armor choices , you might want to take a look at this question about warrior armor types , or this one about two-handed warrior mages . finally , since bound weapons are roughly equivalent in strength to daedric weapons , i see no reason why using them on master difficulty would not be viable .
backstabs are always crits , and crits do not stack in any way , so critboosts will not help deal extra damage to giant robots . to get more damage out of such backstabs you will need to upgrade your knife .
mobs can only go so far from where you initially engage them otherwise they will hit their ' leash ' and reset . try kiting mobs in circles rather than just dodging backwards all the time . the reasoning behind this behaviour is to stop what happened in certain early mmorpg 's where people would end up with ' train 's of creatures trailing behind them until eventually they died , usually taking several other people along with them .
a guild earns exp through taxes for exp gained from killing monsters , but not for quests . apparently , when a player gains a level-up , the guild will receive 1% of the exp the player had needed to reach that level ( although it is not known to me , if this happens only for guild members that are donating exp , or if it happens for every guild member ) generally , it would appear that taxation only makes sense at max level .
the rebel ships you encounter after the sector has been taken over are intentionally harder than you would experience normally . they have got heavier shields and better weapons than other encounters in your current ( or even usually your next ) sector . the rewards are also minimal at best . just enough to keep you running . you are unlikely to profit from these encounters over the long run . in fact , hanging around and fighting the pursuing rebels is usually a quick way to get a game over .
there is a good in-depth explanation at gamefaqs , but here 's a quick summary : heavies do the most damage , but have the worst agility . best used in easy to navigate maps , enclosed spaces or game modes where the worms cannot move . soldiers are the balanced worms : standard agility , standard damage . great all-rounders . soldiers function identical to the stock worms from other games . scientists are great for support- summoned items like bridges/sentries last twice as long . sink holes have a larger radius if summoned by a scientist . each time it is a scientists turn ( real turn , not select worm or a free select map ) , all your worms gain +5 health . however their damage and blast radius takes a hit ( pardon the pun ) . best used for games of attrition or defensive " darkside " teams scouts have the worst damage and take the most knock-back , however their fast speed and jump height makes them extremely useful for setting off mines , collecting crates and navigating treacherous maps . tunnels dug by scouts can only be used by other scouts ( grenades still fit as well ) . they work best on maps with shorter turn times .
i found the problem . i had contacted codemasters through e-mail since their support forms on their website would not work for me . it took like 3 days for them to find the problem and 4 responses later they told me to disable my sound card , and it worked . so i thought maybe it wad something with my sound drivers since i had a kind of hard time finding some . i looked harder than i did the first time and saw that there were new ones . i have the realtek alc892 chipset on an asus p8z68 motherboard . i downloaded the drivers from here : http://www.realtek.cz/realtek-download.php?realtek=alc892system=3 so i enabled my sound card again after installing the drivers and have not had any problems yet .
not confirmed the article published by pc-gamer is not accurate . we are currently researching if onslaught will be available for pc . no release date .
you seem to be doing only unknown maps in multiplayer . you can also play specific maps corresponding to those sectors . you will get a higher increase in that sector then and a smaller one in all the other sectors . the unknown maps have a potential boost of 5% everywhere , the specific maps a potential boost of 10% to that sector and less everywhere else . the actual boost you get depends on your performance on the map . the global readiness rating is just the average of all the sector ratings .
you get a pin and trophy for completing the main path levels in each world ( i.e. . challenge levels do not count ) . when you complete all the main path levels in the game , you get another pin and trophy . that is it . of course , along the way , you collect a lot of prize bubbles , both in the game and for completing each level . these help when creating your own levels .
from the demon 's souls wiki : " diverts demons attention towards the remains , works well in conjunction with thief 's ring or cloak " . so you can use the soul remains to distract attacking enemies . they will be targeting the soul remains for a few seconds , afterwards they will continue attacking you . soul remains do work on black phantoms but not on bosses .
caravans under attack are always located in the frontier . head there and you will see a shield icon on the map - that is your caravan : get there , help fend off the redcoats , and you are good .
on your first playthrough all enemies ( except raid bosses ) are capped at level 30 . it is very hard to level up past about level 35 killing them because by then you will be getting 1xp per kill . on your second playthrough the enemies re-scale and level you up to 50 , which is the current cap . if you go through playthrough one you should be about level 35 by the end . none of the dlc will take you past that , because the enemies will still be capped at 30 . if you want to get to level 50 start tvhm mode , you will still be able to start the dlc right from the beginning . note that you can always switch back ( via the character select menu ) to playthrough one , and you keep all your kit between both , so there is really no excuse not to go to tvhm
no . it does not work . attempted it tonight in hm ev on the first and second bosses . no debuff applied either time .
the ratio of crafting exp to character exp changes depending on your level and your crafting level . craft level 1-100: each craft level grants 1% of the exp required for character level up . craft level 101-200: 2% craft level 201-300: 3% craft level 301-400: 4% so , leveling a craft from 1-400 yields enough experience to gain 10 character levels , regardless of your current level . leveling all crafting disciplines to maximum will take a character to level 80 . interestingly , the experience gain is weighted toward higher crafting levels , so , for example , leveling all crafts to 100 would only grant 8 character levels , compared to the 10 gained by maxing out a single craft .
nope , gold and orbs must be run over ( within a certain range ) to be picked up and , like past diablo games , items must be clicked on within a certain range to be picked up . you can increase the automatic gold pickup range with magic items that have the range property . if you are out of range of an item , your character will move to a spot close to the item you clicked and pick it up .
yes , at least to all geth i tested on . headshots deal at least twice as much damage to geth , and sniping them makes their heads asplode . in multiplayer , the mantis iv sniper rifle fired into the chest of geth does about half their health ( bronze difficulty ) . headshotting geth with the same sniper rifle kills them instantly , and causes the same head-explosion that organics exhibit .
i can answer my own question . as of 1.2.2234 it is not fixed . i now have two copies of panna city medicine . when i asked the question , i only had one copy , but having been reset by the bug , i decorated 35 levels again , and was given a second copy of the floor . this event took place after the update fixing the reset bug . i put in a request for support to disney . i am expecting a personal phone call from mickey mouse any minute now . the negative here is simple : as of the current iteration of the game , there are not enough bitizens to staff all of the jobs . with the addition of panna city medicine , it creates 3 more job slots than the number of residential slots . adding a second copy , now compounds the problem to 6 total jobs that have no one to fill them . update from disney customer support : at this time we do not have the ability to adjust or alter your in-game content , so we will not be able to remove the second level . tiny death star 's extra levels ( that you can purchase from the menu ) were created so that you could customize your death star further . while you may have run out of apartment levels to staff your jobs , we hope to have more available in the future . if we add more , it should be via a new update so keep an eye on your device ! hopefully a future update will also include the ability to delete levels so you can get rid of levels you no longer care to have . if you have any other questions , please do not hesitate to let us know .
they do stack , yes . i stacked a couple of spell and potion countdown reductions so i am now sitting at 60% . once you cannot stack them anymore , the option for that particular power-up will disappear from the menu .
the word tier has nothing to do with armor , it is just another word for a rank . in wow , it means how good your armor set is . in tor it is used to describe how much along the light or dark side you are . some armor has restriction for for example tier i dark side , but there is no single tier i armor or armor set .
the minecraft wiki has a table of common and rare drops for mobs . none them seem to drop beds , and i have certainly never heard of such a thing happening either . i suspect you just managed to pick one up from somewhere without noticing .
let 's look at what is happening : minecraft is trying to do something which returns 0xc0000005 . in ntstatus.h , a list of error code definitions , 0xc0000005 is STATUS_ACCESS_VIOLATION . msdn - analyze crashes to find security vulnerabilities in your apps reports : access violation exceptions ( status_access_violation ) are generated by modern processors when a memory access caused by an instruction or program execution does not satisfy certain conditions defined by the processor architecture or memory management unit structures . so , we now know that minecraft does something that causes invalid memory access . but , what exactly is minecraft doing ? here we see , minecraft tries to allocate an opengl device context buffer in memory . the thread mentioned by ben blank has a different stack trace and thus is irrelevant . we first have to get more knowledge about your memory , which you gave : i noticed that the command that the minecraft . jar file is being run with says that it can have up to 1024mb of ram . i only have ~500mb of ram , so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location . i also notice a gl issue , which i am not really sure how to fix . given that low amount of memory , i am going to guess that your graphics card uses 128 mb shared memory which means that it uses ram memory to operate . i am guessing that your windows uses another 100 mb . there is only 250 mb of memory remaining for minecraft , and your page file . minecraft uses from 512 mb to 1 gb , consider that playing minecraft will cause disk trashing . VM Arguments: jvm_args: -Xms512m -Xmx1024m  so , now , where does the problem lie ? " so it would be referencing pointers in an unknown location " -- no . just because you tell it it is allowed to use 1024 mb does not mean it ignores allocation errors when it runs out of space and creates invalid addresses out of thin air to reference . for all i know it would not even matter , windows would just give it space in the page file . - matthew read this comment on the question is not 100% correct , there are exceptions that do not use the page file . exactly , opengl device context buffers must be in ram ; the solution is to buy more ram . i doubt if 1 gb will do the job given that minecraft can use up to 1 gb ; better to be safe than sorry and get 2 gb to avoid future problems . this also makes sure you do not experience disk trashing to the page file , which can have a great impact on the performance . . . or well , i could be all wrong and it could be a driver problem . but seriously , 512 mb is not enough . . .
your hard drive is most likely trying to crash or has some bad data on it . there are a few options . ps3 can restore the file system/database which gets damaged if the ps3 crashes or when the system hangs when trying to do something and you soft reset . to restore : turn off ps3 so the red light is on . hold and keep holding the power button . the console will turn on , and eventually turn off again . once off , with the red light on again , press and hold the power button . you will hear one beep , another single beep after that , and then two beeps in a row . after the two beeps , let go of the power button so it does not turn off again and you will end up in the system recovery menu . from here there are a few options . now this is important , do not click on ' restore ps3' . that will wipe the hdd clean . this should only be your last resort ! ! what you want is the other two options , ' restore ps3 database ' , and ' restore ps3 file system ' . if those do not work , you can try doing a restore or if you know what you are doing , it is super easy and cheap to just upgrade your hard drive and get more space anyway ! : ) instructions and specs you need for doing that are here : http://www.gamespot.com/features/how-to-upgrade-your-playstation-3-hard-drive-6176090/
after trying both versions on the wii u , i can definitely say that it is not the same release in different packaging . the graphics suffer tremendously when playing the wii version on the wii u , the game play is similar enough , but it is really worth getting the wii u version if you can .
batch files can only pass arguments to java and minecraft , and neither offer the option to start maximised . you will have to use an external program of some sort if you want it to maximise automatically . there are plenty of programs that will watch for a specific window and maximise it automatically , or wrap a program and maximise its window after launch , but there are too many to give a recommendation . aside , magiclauncher does not keep running after it launches minecraft . for just this one option i understand not wanting a whole new application to run , but it still running in the background is not something you have to worry about .
the wiki now lists the following four requirements for cacti to grow : there needs to be at least a 1 thick layer of sand below it . the cactus requires 1 space of open ground to either side . a raised tile will block growth , but a lower tile will not . the sand it grows on needs to be above the ground level . they only grow in the inner 3/4th of the map .
it happens now and then , especially when your steam client has been running for a long time . the built-in browser drops your session cookies , for some reason , making your current login invalid . to solve this , either log-in or restart your client .
update : 2013-04-05 , cheetah speed is switched back on . it is now 2x llama speed . cheetah was once slowed to llama speed . you could still activate it , but it would not go faster than medium speed . patch notes patch 1.2 cheetah speed has been disabled , selecting it will not cause your simcity to run any faster than at llama speed .
the expenses from your tourist attractions come directly from your city coffers . no matter what kind of business your attraction does , you are being charged ( in this case ) $305/hr for having it . it operates just like a park would in that sense . . . however , any revenue brought in by the attraction is added directly to your budget as well . if you exceed your break even point , this will show on your budget view balance sheet as a net gain . this item on the balance sheet is labeled as " city specialization " the " profit " number in red on your picture above is a bit misleading , as it is highlighting how much money you have made in the current 24 hour cycle so far , while the revenue calculation is hourly . the fact it is a negative number only shows that you have yet to break even today on this attraction , it is not showing any additional expense . the important numbers are the expenses per hour and the revenue per hour . as long as your revenue per hour is higher than the listed expenses per hour , your attraction is profitable . using your example : leaning tower of pisa costs ( c ) $7320/day average revenue per hour ( rph ) = $319 expected daily profit ( edp ) = ( rph x 24 ) - c edp = ( 319 x 24 ) - 7320 edp = ( 7656 ) - 7320 edp = 336 so , at your current average revenue per hour , you can expect to make $336 every 24 hours . however , for the purpose of simcity where your balance is calculated hourly , it is more useful to know how much you are making or losing per hour . that calculation is simply : expected hourly profit ( ehp ) = edp / 24 ehp = 336 / 24 ehp = $14 you are making $14/hr off of this attraction , so therefore it is profitable but not wildly so . you should increase the transit options available to make it easier to get to , as well as zone more commercial around it to attract more tourists and shoppers to the general area .
town portals will stay in place as long as you do not make a new one . so to keep your portal on floor 9 , you will have to walk back to town .
no , it does not . as usual , the ufopaedia has all the relevant information , in this case in the article about battlescape map generation . specifically , down at the bottom of the page is the description of how the game determines when and how to damage an alien craft : if the mission is against a crashed ufo , all upss present in the craft have a 75% chance to explode ( assuming the detonation of another ups does not destroy them first ) . this is performed during a hidden " first turn " ( actual game play always begins at turn 2 ) . landed ufos have this check not done thus do not get damaged . without those explosions all spawned aliens are still alive when the battle starts .
lost units in general ? no . probes ? sometimes . any time a worker ( probe , drone , scv ) is just sitting around doing nothing , he is considered an " idle worker " , and the logo of the worker appears in the bottom left of the view area , with a number telling you how many idle workers you have . clicking on it ( or pressing f1 ) , will cycle through them . if there is a specific unit you keep losing , tzenes 's answer describes how to put a unit in a control group .
yes here is the link to the current download version if you already own hl-2 goldeneye : source beta 4 is the first major release since beta 3.1.4 in march of 2009 . beta 4 brings us many steps closer to a final version of the mod and introduces a tremendous amount of polish in both gameplay , coding , and presentation . some of the major changes include rolling explosions , bullet penetration , and living daylights , capture the key , and live and let die gameplay scenarios . please see the beta 4 change list for a complete list of changes in beta 4 . their wiki is a good source for tutorials if you do not have hl-2 you can get it on either steam ( digital ) or for $10 online ( hardcopy disk )
as seen here , different lights display different power states or notifications . solid blue : plugged in flashing blue : standby mode slow blue flash : unread message or information solid orange : charging , but powered off flashing orange : battery is going to call it quits soon there is also the so called bflod ( blue flashing light of death ) that indicates a problem with the vita itself . you can resort to the initialization menu you get by pressing the power button for 30 seconds and trying the different options there .
nephalem valor no longer exists in the game . you cannot farm it at all , no matter where you go .
you do not have to interrogate all the aliens . if they are not available for interrogation , and you have an alien containment it is because you have interrogated them in the past and forgot about it . you can see all the steps needed for progression here : what are all of the priority missions needed to complete the game ? . you only need to interrogate the sectoid for the full research achievement . it does not prevent you from advancing and finishing the game . you can see here : what does the full research tree look like ? it does not " block " any other research .
this is not really a problem with terraria , its hamachi not being able to get a direct connection to the other player and going via a relay . sometimes just restarting both hamachi clients will fix the problem , but if that does not work you should forward the port hamachi is listening on to one of you ( hamachi will try connecting from a to b and from b to a and only use a relay if neither is possible ) .
out of all the electronic warfare modules , the target painter is the only one that really works on npcs , since it just increases their signature . the others do have a slight chance to work on rats but npcs have a tendency to cheat when it comes to ew , so it is usually not worth it .
cd project has commented on the save imports but nothing is confirmed yet . anyway , here are some vague points : some quest- and major decisions will be carried over according to your past choices characters might react differently to geralt depending on you completed tw1 ( 1 ) importing some of the weapons and armor ( 2 ) it will impact the story , though not in a way that it changes it completely ( 2 ) it will not import your money from tw1 ( 2 )
yes , regular wiimotes are supported by the wii-u . this page on nintendo 's website says : controllers the wii u console is capable of supporting two wii u gamepad controllers , up to four wii remote ( or wii remote plus ) controllers or wii u pro controllers , and wii accessories such as the nunchuk , classic controller and wii balance board .
i have referred to this for my source on necromancer skills : http://classic.battle.net/diablo2exp/skills/necromancer-curses.shtml lower resist decreases an enemies elemental resistances and decrepify decreases their physical resistance . unfortunately , bone spells do magic damage , so i do not think either curse improves your bone spell damage ( as grace note pointed out ) . they are only useful for your minions ; lower resist helps your skeletal mages and decrepify helps your skeletons . also , if you are using revive then those minions will do more damage when you use those curses ( most monsters do not do magic damage ) . unless you totally focus on them and skills that synergize ( see my sidenote ) , bone spear and bone spirit are ineffective because they do not scale up in hell difficulty . however , bone prison and bone wall do . also curses and revives scale up because they are based on the strength of monsters in hell . for a summoner , playing heavily to revive is a good plan . look at some revive necromancer guides , this being a short example : http://diablo.incgamers.com/forums/showthread.php?t=707530. i recommend maxing revive and iron golem , so that you have plenty of summons to work with and a golem for killing monsters to get that first revive . i also think you are better off replacing bone spear with bone prison and iron maiden . then you can lock monsters in with your minions and have them damaged by both their own attacks and your minions , while boosting with other curses you have . iron maiden has the nice property that an increase in skill level increases the damage taken , not the spell radius like many other curses . bone spirit is appropriate to some extent for helping your iron golem take down monsters , but certainly not worth focus . sidenote : to get an idea of how much damage a pure bone necromancer does , i am in hell difficulty with my necromancer right now using an all bone build , around level 76 , roughly these skills ( i can update values tonight when i check ) : teeth : 10 ( about +6 with items ) bone spear : 20 bone spirit : 20 ( about +4 with items ) bone wall : 10 bone prison : 20 some other misc . skills and i only do over 3000 damage per spirit . that is very little in hell difficulty .
hold shift key down while dragging and dropping the goods . the game will then ask exactly how many units you want to move . without shift game will move either all or 100 units , which ever is smaller , i think .
well , you can not over write the save that is already on the game , which you got the warning message about when it said " " please press select+up+b at the start menu . " so , if you want to save in game you have to start again and follow that command to be able to save after . with the legit version of black i had the same problem , i bought a 2nd hand version and i got to the first gym and could not save , i had to restart the ds delete the save file and then i was able to save . direct answer no , you can not you have to start the game but before you can start a " new game " you have to follow the " please press select+up+b at the start menu . " command
currently commodity auctions are down for maintenance , which means right now gems cannot be bought or sold . we have temporarily disabled commodity auctions for the gold auction house . sales of items such as gems and crafting materials have been brisk since the launch and we are currently working on a number of optimizations to improve the speed at which they can be processed . if you happened to have a commodity auction listed prior to this change , you can cancel the listing from the auctions tab to reclaim the item . please note that while commodities are disabled , players who attempt to sell them in the auction house will receive an " auction failed ( error 31025 ) " message . we recognize that these items are highly desired and are working to make commodities available again as soon as possible . we will provide further updates within this thread as they become availa source
panic is a one-shot deal . when a unit panics , they react erratically , and lose their next turn . this means that , in a best case scenario , you will regain control of the panicked soldier on the next turn . however , xcom being what it is , your soldiers may panic again ( the lowered will from having already panicked not helping ) , with the same unpredictable results . late game , the psionic ability " psychic inspiration " will remove panic , and re-allow them to take their actions . if cast preemptively , it can often prevent panic from happening in the first place .
no it is not . without an explosive weapon you can not destroy at mines . if you are an engineer though , you can run over to them and hold reload to pick them up ( this will not increase your ammo if you are using at mines though ) .
take a look at this video from youtube : shroud hearth barrow . the interesting part starts around 6:00 . the door from the screenshot seems unlocked , and in the room behind that door is the answer . the right combination from left to right is : " whale , hawk , snake , whale " . this will lower the bridge .
yes . animals will clear the snow to get at the grass , then eat the grass and continue along their merry way . you can pasture your animals outside without fear .
according to http://www.gw2db.com/items/containers they are created by the crafting professions armorsmiths make the boxes . you do not actually need the mystic forge to create them . but you do need the mystic forge to create the recipe for the box . info can be found here : http://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/mystic_forge#armor_box_.2f_satchel_recipes recipes for full armor sets can be created from the crafted chest piece . they will allow you to craft armor boxes , which contain every piece of an armor set . the following formula does not give you the full armor set , only the recipe to make it . also note that armor acquired by karma and random world drop , cannot be used to make a recipe .
no i do not believe you can disable this effect .
there is still no definitive list , but there is a pretty comprehensive review here . according to this guy , pc has better textures and allows to zoom in closer , pc loads faster , when playing with a mouse you have minor conveniences like hovering on top of aliens-in-view icons to see hit percentages ( i am playing with a mouse and i have never knew it ) . important : multiplayer is not cross-platform , so you better follow your friends . reviewer explicitly states that he felt no tactical performance gain on any platform . tactical view grid should also be classified as a minor convenience - after some hours , you will be easily telling distances at a glance .
faith is used as currency to buy specific items governed by the follower bonuses of the majority religion within that city . these include : cathedrals ( building , grants 3 culture/turn , 1 faith/turn , 1 happiness , 1 artist specialist slot ; 200 faith ) monasteries ( building , grants 2 faith/turn and 2 culture/turn , effects are boosted for each nearby improved wine and incense ; 150 faith ) mosques ( building , grants 3 faith/turn , 2 culture/turn , and 1 happiness ; 200 faith ) pagodas ( building , grants 2 faith/turn , 2 culture/turn , and 2 happiness ; 200 faith ) holy warriors ( any pre-industrial era ground unit ; 2 faith:1 hammer ratio ) missionaries and inquisitors ( no follower bonus required ; 200 faith ) note that any given religion can have , at most , two of these options unless it was founded by the byzantium empire , as their ua grants them a fifth religion trait ( founder or follower or enhancer ) . faith prices also increase in post-industrial eras ( though i do not have accurate numbers on by how much yet ) . ( source : in-game civolopedia )
well , i found the answer but i can not take credit for it . i emailed the creator of mineos crux directly , william dizon , and he got back to me in the same day ! very impressed . turns out that the default installation of mineos crux sets up the linux firewall ( iptables ) to only accept incoming minecraft connections on the default port , 25565 . that means even though my second server was merrily running away , any attempts at connecting were blocked . mr . dizon passed on this link from the mineos crux wiki that explains how to add additional ports to the iptables : http://minecraft.codeemo.com/buildmineos/index.php/iptables once i followed the steps , set up my additional port for the second server , everything worked ! i had forgotten about iptables , and that is a little embarrassing , but live and learn . . . again ; ) thanks again to will dizon !
kripp does explain it well but he does not have all the modifiers listed . here is a complete listing compiled by jarthmarder http://i.stack.imgur.com/evqu9.png
you were almost there . the clues are : bullet wound ( marshal friedman tells you ) guy had a shield ( moxxi tells you ) guy now has full health ( dr . zed healed him ) if you back up so the accuse option goes away , you will see their health/shields instead . because it was a bullet wound we know it is not the guy with the rocket launcher ( far right ) . because moxxi said he had a shield we know it is not the guy on the far left ( he does not have one ) . this leaves the two guys in the middle , smg guy and sniper guy . smg guy is injured , not full health . dr . zed healed the guy so it was not him . only one left is sniper guy . he has a shield , full health , and a bullet weapon . accuse sniper guy and he says " yeah i did it , so what ! ? " and you have got him .
when you replay a mission you only have the upgrades you had the first time you played through as @raven pointed out in the comments in the branching missions if you replay the other path you will have all the current upgrades . when i finally got around to playing safe haven i had battlecruisers already .
i have been going through a newly-generated world , traveling across several biomes , and i have seen tall grass everywhere there is regular grass : forests , savannah , plains , etc . the only biomes in which it does not seem to spawn are tundra , deserts , and ( of course ) the nether . tall grass is incredibly common : if you have not seen a ton of it already , one thing to keep in mind is that new terrain features generally do not spawn on already-generated chunks , and you will have to travel to a new , unexplored area to see them . to confirm this , i loaded an existing world i had which spanned a few different biomes ( tundra , taiga , forest , grassland ) . there was no tall grass in any of the pre-generated chunks . however , i found several instances of tall grass immediately after walking into an area that caused the game to generate a new chunk . edit ( thanks , kurley ) : as of 1.6.6 , you can spawn tall grass yourself : when applied to a grass block , one bone meal is consumed and tall grass , and occasionally flowers , forms around and on the grass block .
you can message an opponent from the victory screen after a game , or from the match history : select the " chat " option to start a new chat .
xbox live indie games do not have achievements 1 , 2 . while microsoft takes responsibility for reviewing and approving xbl arcade titles , the review process for xbl indie games titles is not controlled by microsoft . since they do not control the review process , they do not allow xblig games to have achievements that affect gamerscore . while penny arcade : on the rain-slick precipice of darkness episodes 1 and 2 were released as xbla titles and therefore did have achievements , episode 3 was released as a xblig title and lacks achievements .
iirc , prime magic only awards the bonus to spells in the prime spell tree ( e . g . implosion ) arcane exaltation works for all trees . so if you are a primary dark magic user , you can pick up arcane exaltation to increase the bonus for your dark magic spells .
if you are using the pc version you can use the console to make him wear the clothes you have pickpocketed onto him . open the console and click on the fellow with the mouse . ShowInventory  find the items you want him to wear and look for the formid . 1 - Item Name (FormID) (other stuff)  then enter : EquipItem FormID  where formid is the number you got from the inventory print out .
okay , i got it . you have to jump onto the dead . . . children .
you can only buy it from the illusion trainer in the college of winterhold , but he will not sell it until your illusion is of sufficient expertise ( i.e. . expert level ) .
from what i have read and played , the following actions decrease nexus health : controlling more capture points than opponents decreases nexus life over time ( x damage per 5 seconds for each point you control if you control more points then enemies ) killing an enemy champion deals immediate damage ( -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 ) achieving a secondary objective ( quest ) deals immediate damage ( -20 life to nexus ) and gives your team a buff ( like nashor in normal mode , except not the same buff ) . those secondary quests appear randomly and consist of capturing a specific capture point . these quest spawn for both teams at the same time and always concern two capture points next to another . point neutralization and point capture ( -3 and -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 )
go to the menu and to the store . see if there is a mon calamari who is available to unlock for 1 bux . if it is , spend the 1 bux , and it will appear in the elevator within the next few minutes . then , you should be able to unlock .
your bird is randomly assigned a colour every time you start playing . when you die and start over , you get a new colour . the colours were not available at launch , but were added in a later update . your friend may have an older version of the game . since the game is no longer available for download , that also means it can no longer be updated . if this is the case , your friend is out of luck , i am afraid .
you have to find the incomplete chainsaw . then you also have to find an incomplete engine and build that . then you combine the two . the net cost is 2 nuts and bolts plus a handful of other items , which is hard for a lot of people to swallow for a simple weapon . but man does it rip through zombies . each attack kills 3 zombies , and you need to feed it a new battery about 1 in 3 attacks . best of all , after you have spent the batteries , your inventory is now free to carry back items .
holding ctrl allows you to do this in steps of 100 instead of 50 .
it depends on the game you are playing . if you are playing a long campaign , then yeah , leveling up a small number of troops is better ( but then when some reach their ' max ' try to level up others as well ) . if it is a short campaign , just do with a mass of expendables and focus on protecting your hero and leveling him/her up . also if you need help on a certain level/campaign , here 's ( another ) helpful link that you can use ( some have spoilers but most of them hide it ) http://wiki.wesnoth.org/mainline_campaigns
playing normal mode , i have unlocked characters and levelled up classes fast ( ish ) using big game hunter . you do need to kill a lot of special characters to level up classes , but in 8 games on the iphone , i have all classes unlocked , and the mage levelled up to level 10 . i would be intrigued to know what constitutes a high character level in a game on normal mode ? i tend to feel that hitting about 1000 turns , and character level of something over 200 is a good go - given that by that point all the items tend to be named things like ' legendary blah ' and ' godly blah ' . in my experience the best combination of skills to get to this point is heal , repair , dazzle and big game hunter , with the mage class . shapeshifter 's special ability plus big game hunter means that you can kill a lot of special monsters fast .
when you are putting your pivots in the map noone will be able to take them . only you are able to take them back through the map . when you find the pivot that you are looking for just be sure to pick up all the pivots that you placed so you can use them again . they does not change locations and you will not lose them .
yes , they do . one of the stats on lighters is Charges . i have not actually used a lighter yet , but presumably , using one in combinations ( with sticks , tinder , or whatnot ) , will reduce the charges available in the lighter .
well , you are going to have to practice aiming at high angles . there is no way around that . imagine your character surrounded by a sphere . moving the mouse up and down can point you anywhere from straight down to straight up , but not past those points ( think north-south latitude -- up and down just moves you north or south , to the poles ) . that means if a soldier jumps over you , you can not just keep moving the mouse up to track him . moving the mouse left and right simply rotates your character ( think changing longitude , while remaining at the same latitude ) . the key here is that the same mouse movement horizontally always moves you the same number of degrees , so if you are pointing up at a high angle , a large mouse movement to rotate , say , 120 degrees , does not move your cursor/aim very far in an absolute sense . i would guess that is what is tripping you up with high angle aiming -- mouse movements translate to character rotation , not cursor going left/right from where it currently is . at low angles these seem to be mostly the same , so it is not very noticeable . i would start with just trying to defend yourself while he jumps . a soldier can not keep rocket jumping forever -- not only does every jump eat health , but it eats ammo and he will have to stop and reload . if he jumps and fires two shots at you , he can either jump again ( away ) or he can shoot at you from the ground , which you should be able to deal with . do not worry about trying to hit him with reflected rockets until you are able to reliably defend yourself . if you happen to be using the reserve shooter and you know he is low ( that is , he took some hits before his jump ) , you may be able to take him down . i would not recommend this tactic unless you already use that gun and finishing him off is worth eating a rocket . pyro is largely a short range class , so catching/killing a jumping soldier will be rough . you have the best defense in the game against rockets , however . really , your best bet is to shield your team from him while somebody else takes him out . the soldier is probably jumping in on your medic anyway , rather than trying to bomb you . if you have to take him 1v1 , your best bet is to just deflect until you can get to a place where you can force him to fight you in close range ( and on the ground ) . summary : try to practice aiming at high angles . just try to deflect the rockets , at least for now , to protect your teammates while they work on doing damage . do not try to kill a soldier from long range at all , and not medium range unless circumstances are absolutely in your favor ( or you have no choice ) .
all rookie soldiers start with 40 will and gain will increases as they gain ranks . they suffer a decrease in will when they suffer a critical wound in battle . therefore , there is not really a single low number to worry about , as it varies by each rank . also , a squaddie ( or any other low ranked soldier ) who has been critically wounded can eventually gain enough will back to be a successful soldier . the table below shows the low and high will values a soldier can have , by rank . by checking each soldier against the table , you can determine if their will is too low for the rank they have . i have included the low and high will values for when the iron will upgrade has been purchased . however , i am not certain how helpful those will be , as you generally purchase that upgrade after your soldiers have been promoted a few times , so you will not expect to see values as high as the columns indicate . i created the table using the following assumptions : each soldier gets a fixed +2 per level . each soldier gets a random +1d6 per level ( irandwillincrease=6 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another fixed +2 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( ibaseotswillincrease=2 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another random +1d4 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( irandotswillincrease=4 in the ini file ) . ( see http://wiki.tesnexus.com/index.php/xcom:eu_defaultgamecore.ini_settings for the ini values . ) the second wave options not created equally and hidden potential change all of this . not created equally changes the starting will from a fixed 40 to a random number between 25-60 . will increases stay the same . hidden potential changes the will increases ( and all other stat increases ) to be random , so there will be a much larger variation of will values among your soldiers . the above table can still be used to check whether you have a soldier who is better or worse than " normal " , though .
in my experience , the factors which effect purchase cost are : current turn/era ( the later the costlier ) number of tiles the city already has ( the larger the costlier ) distance from the city ( the further away the costlier ) whether the tile is one which is considered for expansion - i.e. has a purple border ( if it is , it is about half the price ) for a more complete reference , below is the section from the game configuration file which deals with " acquiring new plots " , as it is called there . any entry with " culture " applies to culture " cost " only , but i am not quite sure what the entries with " influence " mean ; perhaps this applies to both gold and culture cost . ( the section was originally in xml format , but i have changed it to something friendlier )
the term fratmogs actually means to build all three items ( atmas , warmogs , frozen mallet ) . fratmas , by contrast , means to build frozen mallet and atmas and atmogs , means to build warmog 's and atmas . the order of the build depends on the game . however , usually , if i am building a bruiser , i will build a health item first ( warmog 's or frozen ) , and then follow that up with atma 's , and then finish of the trio with whichever health is remaining . what health item i pick depends on a number of factors , but it kind of boils down to one of 2 things : do i need a lot more health and regen ( warmog 's ) do i need more cc ( frozen mallet )
it will be meadow . the attributes of a pokemon egg ( eg its stats , nature , moves , ivs , etc ) are all determined as you receive the egg from the daycare man , not when you hatch it . so your friend will get a meadow vivillon .
i tested every skill and the following attacks refresh sweeping wind . it should be noted that sweeping wind is refreshed when the skill is used instead of when the attack hits . normal attacks all primary skills fists of thunder deadly reach crippling wave way of the hundred fists all secondary skills lashing tail kick tempest rush wave of light dashing strike seven-sided strike finally , using sweeping wind again will refresh the timer and maintain any stacks . although sweeping wind 's description specifies striking an enemy , it can both refresh and stack ( via a crit ) when one of the above attacks is used against a destructible piece of the environment . it can , however be difficult to reach the item you want to strike before sweeping wind itself destroys it . thus , this effect can most easily be seen by using dashing strike to charge and hit an item .
crystal energy bought with crowns from other players ( either via trade or via the in-game interface ) is indistinguishable from crystal energy bought directly from three rings / sega . it is entirely possible to turn crowns into ce into items - the question , as with all freemium games , is how much of your time you are willing to spend to do so . crystal energy does not deteriorate , so buy as much as you need with crowns and do not fret !
as i wrote in the comment there is no other way to highlight the damaged buildings except for the floating yellow signs above them . from my own experience i have noticed some buildings do not have this sign but have a red/brown color to them , these operates at lower output and need to be repaired . i think this could be a welcome upgrade to any new additions to series .
nope . all ships are mechanically the same , even though they are visually distinct . ( both sith classes share one distinct ship type , as do both jedi classes with a different ship ) the interior layouts of the ship vary , but they have all got the same options available within them .
i have a simple autohotkey script that will force this mode for me . the script removes the window border and title bar of any window , and moves the window so that it fills the screen : the hotkey this creates is control + alt + f . it applies changes to whatever window has focus . if you wanted to use this script , all you had need to do is : install autohotkey copy the script to a text file and name it something like MaxFull.ahk right click on your new script and use Run as Administrator . note that you will need to have your game in windowed mode , set to your desktop 's resolution . also change "1920 , 1080" to whatever your resolution is . press the hotkey and bam ! maximized fullscreen goodness . it even toggles back and forth if you press the hotkey again . while the hotkey works on many games that i have played , some games are stubborn and do not want the window border removed . in that case , i have another hotkey that is a bit more forceful . simply append this to the previous script to enable the hotkey control + alt + g . update : some games also use a 0x40000 " thickframe " style , which the script was not removing until now . see the autohotkey documentation for a list of styles that can be removed .
you do not get the mission rewards and prestige from replayed missions , however you do get the money and items you found within the missions . thus , replaying missions may not be a way to profit from selling the rewards , but it makes farming materials , tokens and crowns much easier by simply being able to make a pure snarbolax or jelly king run for example .
to be able to perform a double assassination , you have to be in high profile . low profile kills will generally allow you to kill a single target . it is not automatic like it was in previous games . but it ultimately depends on the weapons used . but in the end , it all depends on if two enemies are highlighted and not just one . with the ( double ) hidden blade equipped , when two enemies are close to each other and you are in range of both of them , you must enter high profile and assassinate them . if you are on a higher elevation , it will almost always do a double aerial assassination . if you are carrying a ( loaded ) rifle , you can kill two enemies if they are lined up one behind the other . it does not matter if you stay in high or low profile for this , you will be firing a shot and that is always a high profile move . i do not believe there are other weapons that can kill multiple enemies in a single attack .
there are three main ways to increase approval : technologies that reduce expansion disapproval , in the exploration/expansion tree at the bottom . each tech gives you -22% to the expansion disapproval . ( applied casimir effect gives you the colonization program , applied atmospherics gives you orbital counseling , etc . ) these techs have a green star in the upper-right corner , which is no help at all because almost all of the exploration/expansion techs have that green star . you can not just search for " expansion disapproval " in the tech search box , either . the only hint i can give you is that most of these sorts of techs have an icon that includes a guy in a buddha-like pose , except the first one . technologies that increase approval in a system , in the diplomacy/trading tree on the left . these techs ' icons are pink in the upper-right corner , and are a system improvement that gives a flat bonus to approval ( and possibly other effects on fids ) once built . the easiest-to-get examples : botanical scanning gives you infinite supermarkets for +25 approval , and optimized logistics gives you colonial rights for +30 approval ( and some fids bonuses if they are ecstatic , around ~85% approval ) . lower taxes ; it is a slider in the empire tab . keep in mind that , aside from dust generation and changing your approval , some races get bonuses for high taxes ( humans get bonuses to both dust and industry as taxes go up ) , others get bonuses for low taxes ( the sophonts gain more research as taxes go down ) , and others do not care . low-approval penalties can hit you twice : once for low system approval , and again for low empire approval . do not allow your entire empire to become unhappy with you ; it is just ugly . there are a few smaller things that change approval , but are not universally useful : the less earth-like the planet is , the more your colonists hate living there . class v planets ( gas giants , asteroids ) hit you with -20 to approval ; even class ii planets ( like tundra ) give you -5 . heroes who are administrators can grant approval bonuses , but you only have a few heroes . some planetary anomalies will change approval , up or down . the approval penalties can go away by researching the anomaly-reduction technologies , adaptive colonies and soil revivification . of course , you can not add anomalies to a planet , you are just stuck with whatever 's there already . two endless temples will increase approval in a system : the temple of the aura of glory gives +40 approval to the system , and the temple of applied psychohistorics gives +10 approval per planet in that system . you will not even know if you have a temple until you do a moon survey ( unlocked by adaptive colonies ) , and even then it will probably be a different temple . these are the only things that will give you approval . you will eventually need those techs . higher population will not help - you will lose some approval for overpopulation as your system fills up . from what i have researched on the ' net , expansion disapproval goes up as you add more systems , so settling a small number of systems with many planets might help . note : you only get the expansion disapproval once the system stops being an outpost , a few dozen turns after it is settled . use that grace period to research some of those useful techs before your approval nosedives .
a friend of mine had the same exact problem . set the game to full screen ( at a good resolution setting ) and change the settings . it seems that when you click " apply " the game cycles modes , which crashes on some systems .
i was able to try this out myself by playing with ai bots and used ursa warrior to solo roshan early on . the result , no you can not . when roshan respawns , he reclaims the untaken aegis laying on the ground .
so there is no way to know for sure what these changes will mean , but here are a few facts that some high level players are pointing out : zerg changes roach range while this is a nice buff to zerg its not nearly as nice for zerg as the terran changes . however , the extra range increase will make roaches more effective against marauders , as well as hellion/reaper harass , and even allow roaches to pick off gateways with photon cannons behind them ( before they could not attack the gateway without being in range of the cannon ) . barracks after supply this is the biggest buff for zerg . this essentially sets terran back 2 marines or 1 bunker on early rushes . as a result its much harder for terran to stop a fast expanding zerg . i would not be surprised if 14 hatch or 13 pool/15 hatch became standard play in zvt . this , combined with the reaper change has a very pronounced affect on zerg openings . reaper speed as reapers have been " solved " in zvt and pvt , i think this change makes less sense . however , this basically puts a nail in the coffin for any sort of early mass reaper . without reaper speed and with the roach range increase its going to become harder ( if not impossible ) for reapers to force early roach speed , and really throw zerg off his game . previously the strength of mass reaper was how it affected zerg play by forcing him into heavy roaches ( or losing ) . a number of zerg have gotten better about this by going earlier roaches , an additional cost that will be less necessary without reaper speed coming early . protoss changes void rays to quote incontrol void rays are only used in specific situations , on specific maps , against specific players . . . i cannot see this change affecting that . drop ship speed while the zerg response to drop ships tends to be more " ground " or mutalisk based , the protoss answer as always been stalker/ht . this change will really effect that match up . not only are drop ships losing 10% of their speed but also 15% of their acceleration . this will make it more easy to catch drop ships with stalkers and dynamically change that match up , for players like qxc ( who has heavy drop ship play ) . i cannot count the number of time i have seen a drop ship escape with a hand full of hit points . thor going away from energy using ht against thors is always been a secondary option . since many players prefer immortals ( for obvious reasons ) this will not have far reaching repercussions ( same goes for corruptors but that is even rarer ) . terran changes zerg and protoss building hit points how many changes do you think that blizzard is going to make that effects marauders without actually changing marauders ? as buildings are all armored , this has a larger effect on marauders . as many players use stimmed marauders to " snipe " buildings , they are going to find that sort of player less effective . . . tvt tvt is not going to change much , but the effects of tvz and tvp have already been documented . if nothing else these changes will reduce the proxy reaper play in 4v4 and 3v3 and bring those match ups more in line with standard play . ultimately its hard to predict what will happen to terran and without any hard facts i would rather not speculate .
this was a bit confusing to me as well . my initial assumption was they ended up in your stash immediately , and this is not the case . items you buy , as well as items you fail to sell or cancel both end up on the " completed " tab when you are finished with the transaction . if this gives you an idea for a crazy auction house storage scheme you may be interested in this answer as well . from the auction house faq : items that are not sold are returned to the seller , and items that are sold are delivered to the winning bidder . in each case , the item appears on the players completed page in the auction house interface , where the item can then be moved to the players shared stash . items in this list will not be lost over time , but the maximum is a total of 50 items ( including both your unsold and purchased but not stashed items ) . it is not possible to list new items once you reach 50 , although you can still list items even if the total of your active auctions + the number of items on your completed tab is greater than 50 . for example , you can have 49 items on the tab , plus 10 items in auctions that expire or are cancelled , and the end result will be 59/50 items on the completed tab . according to a pre-release blog post , they were considering counting canceled/expired aunctions on the completed tab against your 10 active auctions ( search for " items that have expired " to find this clause ) , but according to the current contents of the auction house faq , it appears that this restriction has been removed .
as long as you swing at a time when the monster is in the square in front of you ( by the way , you can hit ogres as they charge past ! ) then the timing does not change your chance to hit or do damage . i swing all my easy weapons first , then click the spell glyphs while all my other characters are on cooldown , to reduce wasted time . however , it is smart to stagger your swings , as it is possible to significantly reduce your damage received if the monster stays staggered often . i aim to swing about once a second to maximize their stunned time , even though it slightly reduces my damage per second .
the game crashes in haemar 's shrine if you have already completed " a daedra 's best friend " . bethesda have announced a fix for this issue in the skyrim 1.4 patch .
to answer your question in the title , without spoiling the game 's amazing storyline , yes and no . this little " feature " actually ties in very well with the entire plot of the game . so press on and it will all make sense ! and it is worth finding out , believe me . the below section contains spoilers ! proceed with caution ! ok , so to explain in more detail : the game is all about alternative realities powered by variables and constants . that is , because of the invention of the lutece 's device to travel among parallel universes and elizabeth 's power to open tears , there are in fact , multiple bookers in different dimensions of space and time . each world sharing certain things ( constants ) and each world being different based off the choices booker makes ( variables ) . in this case , jumping off columbia could be considered a variable . somewhere in another reality , a booker ended it all and died off columbia . but , because of elizabeth 's tears ( the zapping sound ) , you " remember " your death in another reality . that is why your character feels hazy and confused just after you jump off . " what is this ? " you are remembering your death , but you are not dead ? ? just to clarify that it is not in fact elizabeth opening a tear while you are jumping , to save you . ( since you can still jump off the edge when you are not with elizabeth and this will still happen . ) instead , you can think of it like this : in that moment right before you jump two universes are created : the one where you jump and the one where you did not . the booker who jumped is dead , but there is a booker who did everything you just did up to the point of jumping , stood still for a moment and decided not to jump , and that is the booker you now are playing . this explains parts of the game where you travel through tears , and combine two worlds into one . it gets really messed up then , because if in one world , a person is dead , and in another world a person lives , they both combine and result in a living person with a bloody nose who remembers that they died but are still alive . " how on earth would you reconcile that ? " and as far as i know , there is no advantage to jumping off columbia besides witnessing glitches
its a glitch/server error , the server doesnt always catch the multiplayer match being over so it will be stuck in that stage . so yeah either wait a long time or just restart . they are working on fixing this error so dont worry
it is been a while since i have been at that scene , but the ultimate resource back then was the mud connector . in particular , it has an advanced search page you can use to filter muds with a specific number of players online on average ; for example , performing a search with the "100+ players " checkbox selected shows 23 muds . notice that that search page is a bit clunky , for example some options are selected by checkboxes instead of radio buttons even when only one option is allowed i believe the site 's database depends mostly - if not entirely - on the feedback from the muds themselves . so if a mud 's admin do not update it often you may find that it has less or more players than advertised , and it is possible some popular muds might not be listed at all . despite these two caveats , this site was pretty accurate and popular back when i last used it . . . admittedly that was like a decade ago , but i hope it is still up-to-date and would help you too . edit i understand you already checked that site ; i guess that when using the mud connector , it is important to pay careful attention to the " updated " date for the mud . for example , of these 23 muds mentioned above , only around 5 have been updated in the last 18 months ; so i would skip the others and check these directly . indeed , one of those 5 , called the 3 kingdoms , offers an browser-accessible " who list " which , at the time of writing this , lists 90 players currently online .
no , you will start from scratch again but you will level up quite quickly having the play experience from the beta .
from http://uesp.net/wiki/skyrim_talk:louis_letrush#louis_letrush_clone_glitch : louis letrush clone glitch the glitch produces multiple copies of louis letrush . the cause is currently unknown . this primarily occurs outside of whiterun stables . semi-confirmed details glitch seems to depend on the completion of letrush 's related quest ' promises to keep ' . initial glitch cause is unknown . however further copies of letrush cloned upon the use of carriages . it appears impossible to kill letrush ( and any of his clones ) , perhaps due to his essential status . ( i am assuming you have the pc version , since you mentioned replacing your graphics card and you have posted a pc screenshot . ) install the unofficial skyrim patch ( bethesda forums thread ) to fix it ( and prevent more louis letrush clones from spawning ) . one of its fixes is : louis letrush should no longer duplicate at the whiterun stables fast-travel marker or attack the player for no apparent reason . if it does not fix it or you had rather not install it , you could also ' remove ' louis letrush from the game , but it is better to do this after you have already finished the quest related to louis letrush ( promises to keep ) , to avoid bugs related to that quest . make a save game first , and then in the game , open up the console by pressing ~ , then click on one of letrush 's clones ( refids of the clones start with ' ff ' , original does not start with ' ff' ) , type disable and then markfordelete . this will ' remove ' the louis clones from the game . i would do this for each clone , and then try to keep the original louis . you may disable and markfordelete the original louis if you want to , too .
it is a port of the dx version . it is not 3d whatsoever . it does include the color dungeon found in the dx version , and is in colour .
minecraft 's difficulty setting is an option ; it is not reliant on your saved game . when you load minecraft and you are presented with the options to load singleplayer or multiplayer , click on options . . . . then , click on the difficulty option until it cycles back to " peaceful " . when you load your world , all the hostile monsters will disappear . if you later want to increase the difficulty , do the same thing , but cycle the difficulty to " easy " or higher . you can also do this after the world is loaded by pressing esc to pause the game and clicking on options . . . when setting the difficulty to " peaceful " in-game , hostile mobs will instantly disappear when you return .
galactic readiness has no effect on multiplayer . that does not quite cover it though ; there is no galactic readiness in multiplayer ( you earn it , but it does not change anything ) . galactic readiness exists solely within single player . but , if you have maxed glactic readiness , you get an xp bonus at the end of a match instead of a readiness boost .
the health you get is not per hit , but rather a percentage of the damage you deal . from the numbers i have seen in-game , it looks like there is a progression : 20-39 damage = 1 hp 40-59 damage = 2 hp 60-79 damage = 3 hp basically , it looks like you get 5% of the damage you deal as health , rounded down . some test data from who knows where : 34 = +1 42 = +2 50 = +2 62 = +3 78 = +3 112 = +5
are you sure the chat is displaying your real name to other people in the channel ? you real name should only be shown to real id friends . i bet that you are not actually giving anything other than your alias .
in plain simcity 4 , sims will take the shortest route by distance to their location . this leads to some rather illogical travel paths where sims will take the overburdened street and ignore your empty 6 lane highway right next to it . the only way around this is decentralisation . do not just have an industrial third , commercial third and residential third to your city , have several zones dotted around . mass transit also helps , but again there is a tendency for sims to ignore it . spamming bus stations is the easiest way to get mass transit going . there is a mod called the network addon mod that fixes this issue by making sims take the shortest route by time to their location . it also gives you far more options for transport . decentralising your zones also helps with nam installed , but you can also work by having some redundancy too - like having a subway and highway going to the same location . this works far better under nam than under plain simcity , where sims will only ever avail themselves of one option , regardless of how overused it is .
if they have a lot of hp , have your ranged champion ( s ) shred away at it with kitae 's bloodrazor ( deals 2.5% of the target 's maximum hp as magic damage -- basically , it is a weaker version of madred 's bloodrazor . more info here : http://www.mobafire.com/league-of-legends/item/kitaes-bloodrazor-128 ) . this should be purchased by a ranged champion with a high attack speed . hit-and-run harass them until they are too low to defend ( or until you can score a kill on them ) . kog'maw would also be an effective counter , especially with kitae 's bloodrazor , since his w skill is essentially a bloodrazor in itself , and because his longer range ( and great synergy with items like frozen mallet ) will allow him to harass even harder . and it goes without saying , but his ultimate is another great way to chip away at / drive out those champions who like to camp at their turrets ( also note that his ultimate is great for defending as well , since a single hit from far away will stop a capture ) .
here a list of all of them and how to unlock them .
lan worlds are considered to have cheats enabled , at least for the host . /summon enderdragon is the command you are looking for .
in the options menu , you can select a player indicator to be shown over your character 's head . only works in online multiplayer or playing against bots though .
if i recall correctly , the controls only differ in the fact that B is melee , and RB is change grenades . also , there is no halo 3 mapping that is similar to the default halo reach mapping . if it was the other way around it would be different . the Recon mapping in halo reach is similar to the default halo 3 mapping . the closest you will get is the default halo 3 mapping . this is all going based on memory though ( i am currently lending my halo 3 copy to a friend ) , so i could be incorrect ( i will let you know when i get my copy back ) .
if you right-click a tamed wolf , it will sit . this prevents it from following you . further details can be found in the minecraft wiki article on wolves , specifically on the movement section .
in league of legends faq site , for "What skins are eligible for Mystery Gifting?" it is said that : any skin for any champion that your friend owns is eligible as a mystery skin , as long as your friend doesnt already own the skin and its currently worth 520 rp or higher and available in the store . this includes legendary and even ultimate skins ! all legacy skins will also be obtainable as a mystery skin except achievement skins , collectors edition skins , pax skins , rusty blitzcrank , urf the manatee , championship riven and riot squad singed . there are also some legacy skins not for sale in the store that will be obtainable as a mystery skin . for a complete list of all the different skin types , check out our guide to champion skin types . you can see the mentioned skins in the following link : guide to champion skin types list of skins which are not obtainable according to the source : achievement skins victorious skins ( obtained by reaching gold or higher in a ranked season ) victorious jarvan iv ( season 1 ) victorious janna ( season 2 ) victorious elise ( season 3 ) refer-a-friend ( raf ) grey warwick ( refer 25 friends who reach level 10 or higher ) medieval twitch ( refer 50 friends who reach level 10 or higher ) other triumphant ryze ( win an official league of legends tournament ) riot girl tristana ( become a fan on the official league of legends facebook page ) unchained alistar ( subscribe to the officialleague of legends youtube channel ) king rammus ( awarded to players who participated in closed beta ) judgement kayle ( awarded to players who played at least 10 matchmade games in season 1 ) ufo corki ( awarded to players for voting in the reader 's choice awards 2009 ) collector edition skins goth annie ( digital collector 's edition ) black alistar ( digital collector 's edition - preorder ) silver kayle ( retail collector 's edition ) human ryze ( retail collector 's edition - preorder ) pax skins pax twisted fate ( pax 2009 ) pax jax ( pax east/prime 2010 and pax east 2011 ) pax sivir ( pax prime 2011 ) others mentioned rusty blitzcrank urf the manatee championship riven riot squad singed kitty kat katarina
compare ken 's pattern in column 4 vs other characters . column 4 must be cleared to allow more blocks to be played . consider full pattern and half pattern x2 attacks . if ken drops his full pattern , you require 4 different color breaks . if ken drops half pattern x2 , you need 2x2 ( r , g , r , g ) color breaks . there you have it really , ken 's pattern attacks column 4 as hard as devilot and akuma , but without the damage penalty . ken 's pattern : ryu 's pattern ( note the easy to attack column 4 ) : you might be playing puzzle fighter hd , which seems to have had balancing changes according to this article . if the article is correct , much of this column 4 analysis still holds : ken still better than akuma and devilot ( just a little less so ) . ryu brought up into the rest of the pack , now is better than dan . hsien-ko now as good as ken ( aka overpowered ! )
when the shots fail , the rocket will launch in a random trajectory and detonate if it hits something . typically the direction the rocket heads will still be in the general vincinity of the original intended target . this can cause friendly fire . once you obtain the blaster launcher , your rockets will no longer be able to miss ( on top of causing more damage ) as they become guided rockets instead . as for enemy rockets , the only ones that use a similar system are the exalt agents . i suppose theoretically they can miss too but typically i do not give them a chance to use their rocket on me so i have limited experience and i have never seen one fail yet .
no . maps in campaign are similar to ones in multiplayer , however , they are not even close to same . in multiplayer you want to know places where foes can hide and wait , snipping spots , choke points , alternative entrance points ( both to building and areas ) and so on . most of them are specialy made for multiplayer mode . also , mw3 campain is very linear , which means that games itself leads you to next checkpoint . e.g. all side alley are somehow blocked , doors locked and so on . in multiplayer you do not want that . you want map where you can flank opposite team . you want safe house which has three and not one entrance and so on . all in all , the best way to learn map is to play it online . just walking around map will not teach you anything . for example , by just walking around the map in private match you could learn that on spot x is a box , but only in real battle ( multiplayer ) you will learn that that box is famous spot for shotgun camper .
yes , dots become effects on the target , so when you die they remain . have not you died in pve after you kill a mob but the dot kills you ? same thing in pvp .
there is no direct indication that the two missions are the only ones , but once those two missions are completed , all of the other campaigns unlock , which would indicate that the tutorial is complete .
it certainly does for your own console once you finally make it . every time i made a game for my console the sales of it rocketed . as far as other consoles i would not say so . pc naturally dips and then starts to get better , it could have been coincidental timing . the way the game is designed is such that you are supposed to take note of the market share of each console and work around it , rather than control it .
unlike civilization 4 , there is no such numerical breakdown . the next best thing -- civilizations will either show up as " hostile " , " fearful " or normal . normal is the default attitude . i am not quite sure what causes " hostile " or " fearful " ( and note that hostile is not exclusive to wartime ) but you will quickly recognize these from the random insults ( if hostile ) or random compliments ( of fearful ) that the other leaders throw your way , as well as the other civ being listed as such on the diplomacy overview .
i do not think they are stored anywhere accessible by default ; however , you can follow this process to edit them : open sc2 map editor choose " open " choose the " battle .net" tab make sure the " blizzard " source is selected , then choose whatever map you want click ok the map is now loaded in the editor - you can proceed to edit it and save it locally wherever you want . notice the editor has to be logged in to battle .netin order to do that , there is a " log in " button in that very menu that you can click if you are not already logged in .
i do not think so , based on most of my encounters . . . .
doing morale missions is only the " emergency " solution . when you have a lot of survivors with low morale , you will be overwhelmed with these types of mission as well as " missing survivor " if someone panic and run away . the only way you can prevent this type of mission from showing up ( at least for a short while ) is improving the survivors ' attitudes . for example , the angry ones require " anger management " , the sad ones require " melancholy " mission , etc , so you need to improve their attitude to something neutral ( like concerned ) or positive ( like charitable ) . switch to the characters with negative attitudes and complete missions with them to improve their attitude . killing hordes ( only when the note " too many hordes " appears ) is the most efficient , but rarely available method . bringing resources home . aiding another survivor in a supply run mission ( note : completing this mission improve both survivors ' attitude ) clearing infestations . bringing needed components home ( for example , when building/upgrading facilities ) . finishing a task with facility ( for example , the healer character receives an attitude boost after creating painkiller/stims , the chef character after completing a feast ) bringing home belongings of a fallen ally . check out the sod wiki attitudes article for more info .
no , you cannot . just like every other harvest moon game , you can only pursue opposite sex marriages . you can become friends with them , but there is no mechanic in-game that will allow you to marry them .
after you hit the level 27 ( which is the maximum ) , you get the option to take a promotion , which will reset you to level 1 and relock all the weapons , but give you a badge . at present , you can be promoted up to six times . for more info , see promotion on the alien swarm wiki .
with a sniper rifle and the enhanced scope weapon modification you get some help in seeing enemies through the smoke . the mod highlights the enemies behind the scope , though it does not really allow you to see completely through it . if you are not using a sniper rifle i would try to flank the enemy if possible and circumvent the smoke that way . if flanking is not possible i usually just stay in cover until the smoke clears or the enemies walk through it .
no , the only way too completely assimilate a nation , is trough conquest . like you said , the other option is to offer them client state status , but that is not what you are looking for .
this is a glitch relating to the updating of blocks . in short , the issue is that when the powered rail is placed , it does not check to see if the block it is on is already powered , but keeps its state until a nearby block updates , such as might happen when you place a redstone torch that would power it . when that redstone torch is removed again , the track checks to see if it still powered , and , realizing that it is , stays on . ( c . f . the glitch that would give free power to tracks placed on a slope when one was removed from a chain of powered rails ) . anything that causes the track to be updated should make the track powered ; such as placing the tracks sequentially from bottom to top , meaning that the initial state of the powered rail will be flat : when the next rail is then placed , pulling the end of the powered track up , it updates and gets power . another alternative , as dan f mentioned , is to simply place the torch after the rail .
krong is completely random . however , if an artifact is already an artifact , he is more likely to try to increment an existing statistic as opposed to giving you a new one .
it is temporary . i got it january 27th and it expired february 3rd . simple answer .
taking down enemies in dehr can yield up to 50 experience from a single enemy . considering the ghost experience bonus is only 500 and the smooth operator bonus is only 250 , that means if you take down more than 15 enemies per mission using the optimal method , you will always come out ahead experience wise ( not to mention that you can still earn ghost while taking down every enemy in your path ) . for more information , this answer has all the experience boosts you can gain when taking out an enemy . finally , there are no experience bonus for completing a mission without killing any enemies ( though there is an achievement for doing this through the entire game ) . like i said above , are bonuses for ghost and smooth operator but those are not mutually exclusive to takedowns .
in the latest snapshot of 1.8 , this has become really easy . here 's a view of the redstone ( the piston is sticky ) : those furnaces have to be something that can not be pushed by a piston , a furnace is the cheapest , but you can also use obsidian . top view : everything covered up :
they go in order of how many people have the ribbon . basically the ribbon that will show up when you have multiple ribbons should be the best/rarest one .
try this : go to your control panel , click programs , go to default programs and click " set your default programs . " in the left side of the screen , choose your internet browser ( the one you normally use to open battlelog ) and below the info box , click " set this program as default . " ( source ) if this does not work , you can try disabling your firewall ( you may have to uninstall before disabling , though ) .
they activate spring traps , but usually can run past the trap . an example of a goblin being hit is if the spring trap is right next to a collector or storage , and the goblin goes to attack the building . source
the cost of improving a skill you level up depends on whether or not that skill has been used successfully on the previous character level . skills that have been used successfully on the previous character level will only cost 1 skill point to improve , otherwise they will cost 2 skill points instead . so basically you will want to make sure you use all weapons and interactions you want to improve cheaply ( with only 1 point ) before you level up . source : personal experience , wiki
it is random . so we could say the only thing affecting it is your own luck . source : personal experience , wiki , official forum ( can not find that thread now so now link to it )
well , maybe the usual spot for your base is in the wrong place then . if you simply can not reach food from there , find a place where you can . rabbits are pretty good early on . berries are good , as you mentioned , but are not going to be enough on their own . forage for them early on , but later you should dig them up and move them to your base . if you see a bird , move towards it to scare it off -- they drop seeds at a decent rate . if you are still in a starvation situation , eat the seeds , otherwise you can combine them with manure to start farming . monster meat is edible , but it does damage . early on , if you are having trouble getting enough food , keep in mind that you can eat monster meat at full health followed by a couple berries . over the next couple days , regular eating should heal you up enough to recover to where you can do this again if need be . getting manure for farms will help , but since it still takes a seed and farms grow pretty slowly , this probably will not solve all your problems . tallbird eggs are amazing , if you can find them . all food should be cooked before you eat it -- it will go a lot further this way . throughout the game , but especially early on , keep in mind you will need to rely on many types of food source . always keep an eye on your map for berry bushes . always approach birds for seeds . always grab carrots . if you see a rabbit straying from his hole , hunt it . unless you happen upon several tallbird nests within a comfortable walk of each other , you are not going to find a single stable food source .
i have gone through multiple times just using the shotgun , wing sticks , and sniper rifle . if mutants get close to you the shotgun is a one shot kill . wing sticks are great just to cut their heads off . i use the melee ( with the gun butt , not fists ) a lot too . head shots using melee are pretty easily done . i pull out the sniper rifle only for the slots wheels . however , if you want to have some fun with it use a rocket launcher and watch blood fly .
minecraft for the xbox 360 does have online voice chat enabled . you can also create a party on xbox live to voice chat with each other and then join the same hosted session in minecraft .
you need to switch to hermione , she can throw some spells at the goblins .
yes in my experience , you can find more than one arcade room per play through . i once had 3 in a row ! as mentioned before , the wiki does not say it can not happen .
it should suffice to launch steam with the -bigpicture switch . C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam.exe -bigpicture  windows 8 boots to metro , of course , so you may want to either use one of the windows 8 " backwards compatibility tools " like start8 , or to run a very little script in ahk at boot time : Send #D  . . . or you can use windows 7 instead ( windows 8 sp1 might also let you skip to metro )
the novice , apprentice , adept , and expert level spells are gotten from purchasing them ( or in some cases , you can get them for free as loot or a reward ) . the master level spells are acquirable generally after you complete your school-specific quests as a member of the college of winterhold . perks do not add spells to your repertoire : they simply enhance the ones you already have .
no you do not . you merely need to open the book to the first page . you should read the whole thing though . the lusty argonian maid is quite a ripping yarn .
rather than trying to do it in-game , you can use mcedit to achieve the same effect . in mcedit , select an area of air and use the fill and replace tool to select sand . save your world , and voila : floating sand . apparently , sand does not start falling until it is interacted with . there is also a weird interaction between sand and torches , in that sand will float above a torch : minecraft physics is the best kind of physics .
inventory increases by 10% of the base amount per upgrade rank . that is , if at rank 1 a non-dream-job worker would stock 100 of an item , every upgrade rank increases the amount they stock by 10 . thus at rank two they will stock 110 , at rank three 120 , at rank four 130 , etc . the dream job bonus is applied after rank bonus , so if that was the worker 's dream job they had stock 200 at rank one , 220 at rank two , 240 at rank three , etc . it is generally best to focus on the stores that have the most inventory ( after factoring in dream job bonuses ) .
it appears the question was about pokmon red , blue , and yellow specifically . almost every pokmon had their movepools and the levels they learnt moves changed from gen i to the advanced generation ( gen iii ) , so here is a list of the pokmon that learnt moves as they levelled up within the gen i games ( solely red , blue , and yellow ) : charmeleon to charizard , level 36 , wing attack caterpie to metapod , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) metapod to butterfree , level 10 , confusion ( only yellow , not red or blue ) weedle to kakuna , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) mankey to primape , level 28 , rage ( only yellow , not red or blue ) poliwag to poliwhirl , level 25 , doubleslap bellsprout to weepinbell , level 21 , stun spore slowpoke to slowbro , level 37 , withdraw magikarp to gyarados , level 20 , bite dratini to dragonair , level 30 , slam ( information compiled from serebii .net's rbygsc pokdex ) .
according to klaybuddy on gamefaqs , there is still a cap : statiscian , brokers , and managers are capped at 300% , whereas armsmaster is capped at 1900% . note : even with the foresight glitch , the cap is still the cap . it does not matter if you have 2 sets of statiscians , a statiscian with &lt ; insert some big number here> , an armsmaster with a billion power , it will still be what the cap says . there is a variety of other information about the foresight-related glitches in that thread - notably , do not equip a glitched one as your jump will be reduced to -100 and you can not move .
from the wiki to do this , place a red soapstone sign anywhere in the castle in one of the areas around the 2 last bonfires and in time you will be summoned . you are more likely to be summoned if you replace your sign every ten seconds or so , rather than leaving it alone on the ground . this also minimizes your chances of being summoned by a player . you do not have to place it in king 's passage . it is also possible to get summoned by the looking glass knight by using a cracked red eye orb .
the answer is b or c depending on what you mean with 100 damage : if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to the creep you are about to hit for whatever reason , then sleight of fist does not matter at all and the calculation is : 100x ( cleave% ) x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) = 100x ( 50% ) x ( 150% ) = 75 damage . the answer is b if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to heroes , then the calculation is tricky and requires to know the level of sleight of fist you have because it deals both bonus damage to heroes and 50% of normal damage to creeps . the answer is c i guess your question was regarding the interaction of quelling blade and cleave , and sleight of fist is not really necessary here as it is just a source of confusion . the answer is : cleave and quelling blade do stack , if you are late in the game and you happen to have cleave% x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) > 1 ( disregarding armor ) you are better off hitting creeps than heroes if you have the chance to . note that it is not reliable with sleight of fist as you do not have a lot of control over the angle you hit the creeps from .
the short answer is , skill boosting affixes will boost secondary effects from those runes as well . for instance , an affix that boosts punish will also boost the damage caused by the fire explosion when blocking ( roar rune ) . and whirlwind skill boost will cause the tornados to do more damage . the only thing i am not sure of is whether or not having a skill boosting your hatred spender ( such as cluster arrows ) will boost the ca being cast by the sentry . i suspect that damage is still tied to your sentry skill , so if you had sentry affix gear it'll boost the damage .
there are several guides discussing this , and there should be some youtube videos as well : http://www.gamespot.com/xbox360/rpg/falloutnewvegas/show_msgs.php?topic_id=m-1-57467981pid=959557 the quick version involves : picking up the goodsprings snowglobe ignoring all quests looting the goodsprings schoolhouse using stealth boys to sneak past the deathclaws on your way north selling everything you find that is not nailed purchasing a fake passport into the strip having enough funds to purchase the intelligence implant
just build the deep sea warehouse , to do this you need to put the required materials ( 8 building modules and 4 tools ) on a sub , submerge it and make it move to the underwater island , then the option to build the warehouse appears . what the game means by you can only have one deep sea warehouse per underwater island is that you can only have 1 deep sea warehouse on each underwater island .
a team can buy as many gem as they wish . that being said , as you pointed out : the gem does have a 10 minutes restock timer and only a single gem can be in stock at any given time . so technically , the maximum amount of gems a team can buy is equal to the total game timer dived by 10 , rounded up . : ) hope this answers your question .
you will need to renovate one of the banks in the city to be able to collect . once in your control , just go to the bank and withdraw your money . to be able to renovate the bank , you need to be in control of the zone first . if necessary , you will have to liberate the templar-held zone first . the ones in galata should be available to you in the beginning . just examine the sign and pay the required amount . as you start off , it will cost in the mid-1000 's . but the more renovations you make , the more it will cost .
eventually , battlefield 3 was patched so that it stopped crashing . now to catch up with the rest of the world who has reached max level . . .
for both followers and non-follower npcs , any quest-reliant companions will continue with you on any quests in which they are relevent - initially , this includes the templar , the scoundrel , and the enchantress ( all for different quests ) . at that point in time , regardless of whether or not you are playing multiplayer , they are not actually considered " a follower " - you cannot adjust their abilities or inventory . after they have been recruited as your follower , it will prompt you as to whether or not you wish to keep them . if not , you can hire them again in town any time you are playing alone in a game . if you are playing with multiple players , followers cannot be hired . if you have a follower when you game switches from single player to multiplayer ( i.e. . someone joins your game or you join someone else 's game ) , your follower will be " un-hired " ( teleported back to town , where you can re-hire them next time you are alone again ) . as mentioned by @hurda in the comments , when all co-op players leave , the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion , who will join you again without having to go back to town . tl ; dr you cannot hire a follower in multiplayer , and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players , the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire .
it has to do with how many hands have been played and how many you have won . nothing to do with the percentages shown during showdowns . hands won vs played are shown during blind increases . however , quitting and rejoining a tourney seems to reset to 0 so you could exploit that near the end of the match to get > 25% .
there is another similar but broader question here . the answer left unresolved your particular question - what happens to roads you build in other players borders . short answer : roads inside a civilization 's territory are paid for by the owner of the territory . roads outside any borders ( neutral territory ) are paid for the constructor of the road . so you can theoretically wage economic warfare by building roads in other players land . also another nugget - roads that used to be in a civilization 's borders ( aka when a city is razed ) are free - nobody pays for them . sources : some empirical work with screenshot from a hot seat game on settler difficulty , so 3 roads = 1 gold . you pay for roads outside your territory - 6 roads here owner of territory pays for roads you build in their territory ( view from both sides - 9 roads built by teal , 3 in blue , 3 neutral , 3 in teal ) and nobody pays for roads that used to be in someone 's territory ( screwed up the screenshot from the original owner 's side , so you will have to take my word for it ) [ insert missing screenshot ] also , some quick digging around in the sdk source code . since my digging was somewhat cursory , there might be some more edge cases around . the relevant code files and functions in the sdk are : ChangeBaseImprovementGoldMaintenance() in CvTreasury.cpp , which is called in a variety of functions in CvPlot.cpp to remove and add maintenance cost when plot ownership changes , such as setOwner() - note that when ownership is taken of a plot ( aka plot becomes part of a civilization 's territory ) , the variable tracking the original constructor is set to nobody setRouteType() - called by changeBuildProgress() when a road is completed , which also calls SetPlayerResponsibleForImprovement() if the road is built outside anyone 's territory setPlotCity() - only seems to be used when a city is about to be razed , called by PreKill() in CvCity.cpp
i do not think that it is possible to ever play against glados . what you probably heard is that it is possible to win an item from her , which you get if you beat all the bounty challenges after getting the items from the other four . however , she only deals and insults you still .
i will try to hint you first , but there is a full walkthrough here : as far as the toast goes : the toast is nabbed by a squirrel , nutter . he leaves paw print on an empty butter dish . hmm . the egg machine is considerably more complex a solution . there is a " part " missing , so you may need to explore some other parts of the house to find another mechanism to steal it from .
no , it is not possible create co-op chambers with the editor released with perpetual testing initiative dlc . valve is working on this ( i forgot now where i read it ) but no official release date has been announced . in the meanwhile you can use pti editor to create the map and then modify it with valve hammer editor to make it ready for co-op , as explained in this video .
sadly , no , there does not appear to be a way to check your follower 's cooldown timers . as far as i know , the portrait and the follower panel are the only methods of getting data about your follower 's current status . i tested this with my templar , by giving him a bunch of active skills and then putting him in situations where he had want to use them . his portrait does not change at all , regardless of his ability states , and there is no indication on the follower panel that any of his skills have been used .
when your tree grows to a certain height , it unlocks a new song . however , you are half correct . the more accurate you are on a song , the more your tree will grow , thus unlocking new songs faster .
the list of minecraft mobs is maintained here . currently there are : passive bat chicken cow mooshroom ocelot pig sheep squid villager neutral enderman wolf zombie pigman tamable wolf ( dog ) ocelot ( cat ) hostile blaze cave spider creeper ghast magma cube silverfish skeleton slime spider spider jockey witch wither skeleton zombie zombie villager edit : some possible non-hostile , non-farming interactions : wolf - can be tamed using bones ocelot - can be tamed using fish sheep - cut the grass zombie pigman - play tag ( though they tend to take this the wrong way ) squid - synchronized swimming ghast - nether baseball ( they always pitch )
he marries brynn no matter what . you can try to convince him to give shpeard a kiss , but he will not do it .
a wonderful life is like the other harvest moon games in that gaining relationship points from gifts depends entirely on what the gift is . nami likes home-cooked food ( except for failed dishes ) and those will increase her relationship points by the same amount , no matter what that dish is .
simple solution : use dwarf therapist to disable the engraving labor on everyone but your most skilled stonemason . re-enable once everything is engraved . you can let everyone do the smoothing ( there is no quality value on a smoothing job ) , and disable them when you are ready to engrave the whole thing . complex solution : use burrows to restrict your non-target engravers into other parts of your fortress . your master engraver will be the only dwarf able to reach the area , so the engraving job will call him . ( in dwarf fortress , jobs pick dwarf ! )
writing mp_match_end_restart "1" makes restart at the end of every round .
if it is a star , then it means that they are the squad leader . if it is an ammo clip or something like that , then that means that this person has a squad perk equipped . so , in order on the above picture , we have : squad sprint squad flak squad explosives squad cover squad suppression squad frags squad ammo
this is a difficult question to answer , because the different qualities that are possible for weapons are specific to each weapon with almost no rhyme or reason . you can apply a strangifier to any quality type , so you can have strange vintage , strange collector 's , strange unusual , or strange genuine weapons/miscs . you can also apply a killstreak kit to any quality weapon as well , so you can have strange killstreak vintage and strange killstreak collector 's weapons . however there are no unusual quality items that also have a killstreak kit ( since professional killstreak kits are essentially unusual-ifiers for weapons ) . it gets down to what kits you can apply to an item . the qualities that cannot be " applied " are genuine , vintage , unusual , and collector 's ( i am not counting the less-common ones like haunted , self-made , community , etc ) . from that base quality , you can apply strangifiers and killstreak kits . and the names just stack up . if you apply any kind of kit , the weapon just gains a new name . this is demonstrated by my wicked nasty professional killstreak southern hospitality . i would like to go find a collector 's weapon that can be strangified and killstreaked .
as mentioned in the comments , it sounds like an enderman has come to visit . these creatures spawn in darkness and ( amongst other things ) will pick up certain blocks and move them around , as described on the minecraft wiki : endermen have a unique ability to pick up certain block types and move them around , which they generally spend their time doing while neutral . they can also step up one full block without having to jump . in terms of defending your home from endermen , the answers to this question have some tips you may want to try . alternatively , you can try building your home ( and surrounding wall ) out of materials that an enderman can not move , such as stone or brick ( the wiki article has a full list of blocks that they can move . )
after many more attempts , i have come up with the placement ( at the red buff ) , but i do not yet have a screenshot to back it up . i will attempt to explain it as best i can , and will try to get a screenshot at some point , to update the answer . the biggest issue i was having was that i would throw the axe , hit all 3 , but not be able to pick it up to lower the cooldown , without moving . what i have found however , is if you stand behind red , between red and the smaller vertically aligned creep , as close to red as possible without attacking , you can throw the axe to the other side of red ( so that your cursor is the red attack sword , but it is on the opposite side of red . ) it may take a bit of experimentation , but this seems to hit all 3 , and causes a reduced cooldown . the axe has a larger radius of effect than i expected , so you do not need to place the cursor all the way on the far creep . hopefully this helps someone . if no one else , it helped me .
you can not : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#ps3cloud
yes , according to steam support : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#existingsteamacc
the red goo balls become matches when they are used . when put near fire , they will burn and then transfer this fire down the chain . this can either be part of the goal ( burn so that something moves ) for the level or one of the hazards for the level .
there is nothing built in within windows to achieve what you want , but it is certainly possible . external applications can aid you with this . an example is mouse speed switcher . autohotkey is also viable if you had like to program that yourself .
the opponents you are facing are special encounters in the campaign . when you did your first encounter , there should have been a popup telling you that encounters are specifically designed this way in order to help you improve your skill at facing specific strategies . these matches are specifically labeled with encounter in front of the name of the match , like encounter : disturbing the nest and encounter : face of the ghoulcaller . encounters will always play out the exact same way . for example , during the encounter stampede ! , the ai will always play a willow elf on turn 1 , followed by a runeclaw bear on turn 2 , and so on . encounters also , as you have noted , have decks that are exempt from the limit of 4 of the same type of card . the planeswalkers you face in the campaign and other opponents , like odric , have decks that are subject to the 4 card rule . note that the game with them will also be different each time you play , in contrast to the encounters , which always play with the same order , use the same strategies and same cards .
the market is still under development . more items are likely to be added later . one way to put an item up for sale is by going to the marketplace and clicking " sell an item " . this will show you the eligible items for each game ( and steam , overall ) . change the game filter by clicking on the game you want to see items for . you choose the amount you want for it , then steam will add a bit ( as well as the game in some cases ) . there are rules , however . items purchased from the tf2 or dota 2 store may take up to three days before they are eligible for trading or sale in the community market . depending on how recently you began making purchases , these items may not initially appear eligible you need a purchase through steam on the account older than 30 days ( without any one-year periods of inactivity which would reset your eligibility ) . this purchase could be for wallet credit alone . a cd key activation is not sufficient . it is possible to make a little money off the marketplace . i sold a few trading cards and had $2.50 to buy system shock 2 with : )
nope - just a secret joke dungeon . rumor has it that if you are particularly unfortunate , you might stumble across development hell , as well . . ( i know you mentioned it , but seriously . development hell . it deserves a second mention . ) oh , and you might also find bashiok lurking around the oasis in act 2 . if you have got rakanishu 's blade , he is even worth an achievement .
liquidpedia lists ' current ' sc2 players . everyone on those lists are associated with teams that have sponsorship ( i.e. . get money to finance their gaming ) . bear in mind that sc2 is still relatively new and the professional scene is still developing . a lot of bw players have not yet transitioned , and not counting the beta period , only a few tournaments have been held . out of these , the only one with a ' professional ' prize pool is the ongoing tg gsl , which is giving out ~85k usd to the winner iirc . be sure to check the ro64 gomtv tg gsl brackets list for more info . not everyone there is a ' professional ' sc2 player , but most of them have team sponsorship . cheers !
hardsuits need a clear view of the sky to come down ( im uncertain if this rule applies in indoor maps , though ) . once the hologram is blue you can start calling it down . click and hold while aiming where the blue hologram appears . it will take about 2 seconds for it to charge and call it down . source :
first , one very important aspect of the game that many people tend to overlook is the fact that is has a " looping " feature . there is no notification in the game at all that this exists , and personally , i found out completely by accident . when you get a " game over , " the month restarts . however , you restart the month with all the merchant levels , adventurer levels , stock , pix , dungeon levels you unlocked with your previous attempt ! you will have to make your way through the hall of trials again , but after that , i believe you should be able to continue from the last door area again . for example , i had dungeon levels 6-11 unlocked of jade way during my first attempt at the second week , i got a game over , then when i restarted , i still had access to those levels . so do not stress too much about failing , just keep on trucking and do not reload your game if you want to keep your progress . the number of customers coming in is not really directly related to how often you open your shop . you get the peak amount of customers coming in around noon/afternoon . business ( like a real shop ) is a slower in the morning and evening . so do not worry about being open " too often . " dungeon crawling is the most optimal way to stock your shelves . getting to the end of the dungeon means you get to take home everything instead of only one thing if you die . so survivability is your goal ! memorizing the attack patterns of the different types of enemies is definitely a good idea . if you do that , you can fairly easily get through the dungeons without taking too much damage . you can also run through the dungeons avoiding everything to get to the final boss , but you will not have as much loot to take home , so it is usually better to just kill stuff . there is also a chain bonus which gives you bonus xp for killing monsters of the same type and color . i am not sure if/when that bonus maxes out . it is a good way to level up your adventurer though , as well as farm on respawning enemies for some loot . take at least one health recovery item to use in an emergency and remember , your health completely replenishes when you level . do not rush the final bosses , take your time and watch their attack pattern if it is your first time fighting them . the best way to get your customers to buy larger purchases is to build a better relationship with them . customers also effectively have " levels , " and whenever you sell to them , it helps go towards leveling up their relationship with you , which in turn increases their budget . getting " just chains " will level up your merchant level quickly , which is when you sell something to someone without haggling . it starts out at 2xp and doing that several times in a row will give you an xp bonus up to 128 xp . this will help level up your merchant level quicker , which will in turn give you better options for handling your store ! there is also apparently a mechanic ingame where you will gain more rep with the customer if you sell to them around or exactly at the price they were thinking of . so in general , if you are selling at a profit of 110% on a first offer rather than haggling them down to 120% after a first offer of 140% , you will end up with better xp/rep gain overall , even if in the short term , it is less profit . hope these tips help ! good luck and capitalism , ho !
other ways of gaining balthazar faction : buy flames of balthazar from people , each normal flame gives 1k points , each gold flame gives 3k . i have not checked the price on those in a while . do pvp , most forms of pvp allows you to gain balthazar faction points , does not matter what type . the easiest type to start with is random arena and also the kurzick/luxon faction pvp battles ( assuming you have the factions campaign ) outside of those 2 methods and the hero arena farming method davidyell mentioned , there is no other way to gain balthazar points . as for the most efficient , it depends on if you are good at pvp or not . the most time efficient way of gaining balthazar faction is waiting for a double weekend in some of the pvp arenas and participating , but unless you have high rank or experience in halls or gvg , i would stick to random arena and/or the faction arenas .
i use multimc , it works on windows , osx and linux and allows you to run many instances of minecraft from a single launcher . it even allows you to automatically install mods to individual instances and have different save files for different versions .
the pocketstation is simply a special playstation one memory card with a screen and a few buttons . a few select playstation titles could send special data to the pocketstation where you could play a game on the pocketstation itself , independent of the playstation , and sometimes send data back to the game for in-game rewards . a notable user of this system was final fantasy 8 , whose north american version included this feature , despite the us never getting the pocketstation . those of us ( me ) who imported a pocketstation could use it on na ff8 on na playstations , however . if you are familiar with the dreamcast 's vmu " visual memory unit " , it is exactly that , though it loaded in the memory card slot , not the controller , and was not used as a display in-game . also noteworthy is the playstation 3 actually recognizes and can read pocketstation data ( it will even display a pocketstation icon ) , though it cannot send data back to the pocketstation , making it somewhat useless unless you need to read it as a memory card .
no , outside of finding them as random loot , smithing is currently the only way to obtain these sets of armor . you cannot buy them from any shops .
no you cannot . this is something unique to the boss , i have noticed some ogres do it as well , but only on the second level . the only way to move your towers ( legitimately , there may be some bug/glitch i am unaware of ) is to sell them and rebuild .
from the multiple times my friends and i have run this level 20+ ( we have been farming it for mana and a better version of the weapon he gives ) . he has always spawned from that side .
highlight the terrain , copy and paste it , but do not place the copied terrain yet . under the edit menu , use the flip and rotate options to get it symmetric .
i was one of the first people to beat endurance mode ( level 1337 ) on armor games ' leaderboards . it is not that hard once you have it set up right . i will re-paste the mini-guide i posted on jig here : the first key is to get a gem that is yellow-orange-lime . . . in a trap . you will have to 8x-amp a single tower for a while before you have a high enough gem , but once your yol gem is about grade 12 or 13 you can put it in front of the entrance and instantly fill your mana bar with dead monsters . the second key is to use giants only and summon as many as you can handle each wave while you are still setting up . for me , it was 1 gem grade per 10 waves , so 1-10 is a grade 1 gem , 11-20 is grade 2 , etc . you make a huge profit by doing this , since the giants are worth so much per kill . do not summon after 160 or so , since the natural hp of the creeps quickly starts to climb to 3.33 billion . the nice thing about this is that the max natural creep hp stays at 3.33 billion for the rest of the game . other important tips : put a blue/purple trap before your yol trap until you are comfortable that your yol can kill anything ( grade 20-21 or so ) . remember : do not summon after round 160 or so . you have been warned . get your amulets done early on in the battle . for example , it takes about 4-6 grade 19s in a shrine to kill off a monster with 3 billion hp , so save yourself the trouble . i did this for the first time on h11 , and ended up with a total multiplier of 7583 .
when you buy halo : combat evolved anniversary , you get two components : the original campaign remastered , along with 6 multiplayer maps and 1 firefight map using the halo : reach engine . if do not own halo : reach , you can only play the maps included with anniversary . there is a multiplayer option on the title screen of anniversary that boots up a minimal version of halo : reach - namely , only multiplayer with only anniversary playlists available . if you bought a new copy of anniversary , it should have included a code that allows you to download the anniversary map pack for halo : reach . once you have done this , these maps work like any other map pack for halo : reach - they are available to play ( whether in a custom game or in matchmaking ) when you run halo : reach . if you did not buy anniversary new ( or only want the maps , and not the remastered campaign ) , the anniversary map pack can be downloaded for 1200ms points .
have you tried the ' i ' key ? in the first crysis , it was the key to turn night vision on and off . or are you referring to the ' nanovision ' ? press the ' n ' key to toggle it on or off . hope this helps !
you get all of the hats in find mii by completing two playthroughs . as listed by ign , the hats from the first playthrough of find mii are mario hat red pikmin hat link hat samus hat kirby hat cat hat dog hat crown and the hats from the second playthrough are luigi hat toad hat bowser hat blue pikmin hat yellow pikmin hat metroid hat bunny hat ultimate hat
here 's an answer that explains what might be happening ( but this question is not a duplicate ) . as to what is actually happening , it is likely that your aela is duplicating her hunting bow over and over again , until her inventory is chock full of hunting bows , to the detriment of everything else . this hunting bow ( like her ancient nord armor ) is part of her " default " inventory , and is therefore hidden as a result . without access to console commands , there is no way to get the extra hunting bows ( which are reducing her capacity ) out of her inventory . you can reset their carrying capacity with the following 3 commands ( with your follower as the target ) : removeallitems disable enable be sure to remove any equipment you have given her before doing this , as it will otherwise be lost .
according to this wiki article engi homeworlds or engi controlled ( green ) , pirate ( red ) , or rock ( red ) controlled sectors at a distress beacon .
even after further studies i could not find any indication that the different animations have different effects . it does not matter either way , as any decent fighter will punish you during the time you are dizzy . you can shorten the dizzy duration by pressing buttons as fast as you can .
i figured it out myself : you have to sign in with a user , otherwise the game will not save ( but will not warn you that it is not saving ) .
i do not know if you can tell from the case selection screen , but when you are in free play mode , you can check the map . street crimes you have solved are shown as gray icons ( i believe they look like a person walking ) on the map . if all you see is gray icons , you have done all the street crimes for that desk . if you see one you have not done , you can set it as your waypoint , and then you will get that crime immediately - without having to wait for the dispatcher to work its way around to that one . this really helps if there is just one or two crimes left to go on a desk , or if there is a set of them close together that you had like to tackle as a group . this guide seems to back me up , and also makes note of a couple of other caveats : how do you know which ones you have completed ? the ones you have completed show up as grey on the map and the ones you havent will be red . free roam shows all available street crimes at that time frame [ whereas ] in-story only shows when [ you are ] in the vicinity .
there are a few things that are unlocked in the " bionic commando " remake by doing certain things in " bionic commando : rearmed . " the bc retro outfit is one of them . you have to have a bc : rearmed save with this unlocked in order to use the skin in the other game . the unlocks are : - bc retro outfit - complete bc : rearmed . - prototype weapon - get the albatross icon from the last level of bc : rearmed - purple matrix - after getting all the yashicis , find the purple matrix item in area 00
the guide you linked to has one step that tells you to dump a punch of perspective dlls into skyrim 's executable folder . since steam does not know these files , it will refuse to delete them ! they will still be there when you do a " fresh " install , and will be injected into skyrim whether you have the oculus rift installed or not . delete those dlls , and skyrim should be fine .
yes ! just used it , jumped straight to ng+ on grounded .
there is no difference between the two . they are functionally the same . power is a stat that is seen across all classes , but the definition of " force power " is usually only see on gear that is worn by force users ( sith warrior , sith inquisitor jedi knight , jedi consular ) , same goes for " tech power " for tech users ( imperial agent/bounty hunter/smuggler/storm trooper ) . the answer can be found in this other related question : what effect do the lesser character stats have ?
from the minecraft wiki : " lighting mobs on fire . this method deals damage slower and is less effective than using a sword , and one must click on a block below the mob rather than on the mob itself , rendering it a difficult way to kill . " so , to answer your question , i would suggest just sticking to the sword or bow . secondly , because sheep are mobs , you can light sheep on fire . they are no more flammable than any other animal or monster . ( except squid , of course )
no , it is not possible to do so because ps-vita games can only purchasable via a ps3 with a valid account . you can only transfer psn games via a ps3 ( this restriction is not applicable for media contents , videos , music etc . ) see here http://mediago.sony.com/enu/features/devices for all the devices that supports mediago to transfer content , and ps vita is not listed .
keyboard shortcuts of civilization 5 general hotkeys general unit hotkeys action hotkeys Delete Delete Unit Ctrl+A Attack Ctrl+B Ranged S Set up Artillery H Fortify Until Healed  air unit hotkeys Alt+R Rebase Mode S Air Strike Mode Alt+S Air Sweep I Intercept N Nuke Mode  civilian unit hotkeys have fun = ) source
apparently there is a flawless strategy in civ5 and if you apply it correctly , winning on deity is rather easy . and you do not even have to make some special settings for the game . just i have to warn that its much more fun if you discover it yourself rather than get it from internet , as in that way it kind of ruins your game experience as it did to me to some level . the easiest way ( as irony man correctly pointed out ) is setting the map type to archipelago , as ai is totally hopeless on water . just expand all the time , build some naval units to fend off any aggressive ais , grab those resources , trade and develop . you should be able to get any kind of victory quite easily . you can also use continents or pangaea maps . you need to apply a flawless strategy to get a win on those . a strategy might be slightly different depending on which faction you are playing , but there are some basic rules which work for all of them . the specific faction strategy is to get the most of the special ability . that means if you are playing for english - build naval units , if you are playing for french - build a lot of small cities , if you are playing for romans - build all that is needed in rome , etc . the most important bit is a good start . i would divide it into three phases : settling . my winning initial build order is worker-settler-scout . develop technologies needed to get those resources . scout the land using your initial warrior and try to not be delayed by any spotted barbarians . settle the land to grab the luxury resources asap , but do not go too far from your capital . once you got a scout use it to discover map further and use your warrior to deal with barbarians near your cities . get liberty sp branch and citizenship sp next . at this point you just build settlers , workers and monuments in all your cities . forget about any early wonders . if you met a militaristic cs you can steal a worker from them ( they are useless ) . declare a war , capture a worker and make peace all in the same turn . on the other hand its way too easy and some people call it an exploit , so i do not usually do that . fighting . at some point you will meet other civs . be nice to them , but do not forget that they are your rivals and sadly due to a crazy inherent ai warmongering its almost impossible to make a good friend till the end of the game in civ5 . you might be able to settle 2 cities or maybe 5 cities ( depending on the map ) before you start rubbing your shoulders with other civs . discover archery and build some 2-3 archers . discover horseback riding and build some 2-3 horsemen . do not bother about infantry . once you have 5-6 units declare a war to your nearest neighbour . try to get other civs as your allies in this war for now . do not attack ! select a good defendable spot of land ( might be a river valley or similar ) , preferably inside your borders for a friendly lands fighting bonus and faster healing and get them to come . do not lose any of your units , if necessary retreat to heal . ai should send several waves of units and run out of them at some point . by that time you should have discovered mathematics and built a catapult or two . now heal your army and go and get those ai cities . raze them and leave a capital as a puppet ( annex it then you have some spare happiness ) . settle the land with your own settlers . now do the same to the next neighbour . . . developing . constantly develop your cities , prioritize them . that means that some of your cities would be appointed to making money ( if they have a lot of luxury resources nearby ) , some to making science ( if they got jungle tiles ) , some to production ( a lot of hills ) to build wonders and units , some to make culture ( none of the above advantages ) . you still need culture to adopt those all important policies even if you are not going for cultural victory . dedicating city to some task means that you build that aspect enhancing building as soon as you have it available ( markets , banks , stock exchanges for money cities , etc . ) and you appoint specialists only to that same task . still every city should have at least a monument , library , market and a coliseum . make city-state allies . preference is for not hostile ones with a luxury resource you do not have . after you make allies with several maritime cs 's you can stop building farms and better build trade posts . then make allies with cultural cs 's . forget about militaristic ones , unless they have a resource you so badly need . now if you still have not lost your army at this point you should be doing rather well and can continue playing the way you like . or if you want to be really effective and crush them all you can apply an ics ( infinite city sprawl ) strategy . this strategy is genuine and it works perfectly , but honestly i do not like it myself at all , as it takes all the fun off the game . so if you enjoy civ5 so far and want it to continue better close this post now , but if you want to further ruin your game experience read on . . the basics of ics are explained elsewhere much better than i would be able to , so i will just quote . here 's the theory behind infinite city sprawl , as written by alpaca in his infinite rome thread on civfanatics : the idea of an ics strategy is to settle cities as close as possible to leverage the additional growth , production and commerce that small cities have over large ones . in civ5 , there are a number of game mechanics that lend themselves well to this kind of strategy . to wit : 1 ) maritime city states . the bonus granted from maritime city states is per city . each adds +2 food to the city tile at the start , increasing to +4 over the course of the game . since every city benefits from this free food , a single maritime cs ally will allow you to set up two additional specialists in every in the later stages of the game . obviously , the more cities the better , because each gets the bonus . 2 ) happiness buildings . in civ5 , happiness is global . . . or is it ? in fact , only the consumption of happiness is really global . the production is local . each city can build happiness buildings , and the low-tier buildings are more efficient and more effective than the higher ones . if you have lots of small cities , each can have a colosseum and a circus where available , and some theatres . this actually rules out happiness as a long-term limiting factor and turns it into a growth-limiting factor because you need to set up these buildings in each new city . 3 ) purchasing things with gold . provided you have enough gold , you can buy buildings where and when you need them . spamming trade posts is a typical strategy , and it is possibly even better in ics . just spam trade posts , make money , and buy the buildings you need . this is especially good for the more expensive buildings which have a better gold/hammer ratio . 4 ) certain policies , like communism and much of the liberty tree , scale with the number of cities . so do some civilization abilities or buildings , like the one of harun al-rashid or the chinese paper maker . for them , you also want as many cities as possible . 5 ) research favors large empires because a tech will cost the same , no matter how many cities you have . since having more cities usually means having more science , you will tech faster . 6 ) trade route maintenance makes you want to put your cities as close together as possible . city tiles are free roads , after all . there is a significant drawback to ics which i will not hide from you : the speed of unlocking social policies . this is the only thing that is really better for small empires because , roughly , your average culture per city is what determines policy speed . since there are sources of culture that do not scale with the number of cities , like wonders and cultural cs , you will be slower at unlocking these sps , so make sure you only pick those which are most useful to you . you can find some great comprehensive examples of how it is applied here : http://www.garath.net/sullla/civ5/liberteordre.html or here : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=390302 and this one is very short and straight to the point : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=388793
those are raid bosses , i believe , for level 50 content 24-man raids . you can also buy those items off of skirmish vendors ( curiousity , i think ) , which was the easiest way for me . they are expensive , but worth it .
the main trick is to get the area as clear as possible first , and then dash through it . try shooting for a bit to clear out most of the bubbles , then dash across the top while shooting down to keep any more from coming up . it should look something like this . this principle can also be applied to sections with falling rocks , just dash towards the bottom instead . there is another sequence just before the image you posted where you have to jump down a taller shaft against the flow of bubbles . for stuff like that , you generally want to shoot straight down , and use dashes to keep yourself from falling too quickly .
you will miss out on some of javik 's comments about the tuchanka situation , but you can still become friends with javik if you wait until after the cerberus coup attempt to recruit him . all of his major dialogues should still be available/trigger . the brief pause is only if you recruit javik at the very start of the game , because the game requires that you have liara and james on menae when you recruit garrus . if you recruit him after you also recruit garrus , he is available immediately iirc .
so , i think i will start with the tl ; dr : ~6:00 the 6 minute timing window is kind of a new thing that started with starcraft 2 . it grew out of two really nice timing pushes : 3 rax and 4 gate . one of the things protoss and terran players realized fairly early on is that if you have 3 rax or 4 gate you can make a fairly stable timing push off one base . initially these pushes came in at around the 8 minute mark . this was not because 8 minutes was a necessity , but rather because thats when players had to push or risk running into a fully functioning 2 base economy . these 1 base pushes were capped by the time it takes to get a 2 base up and running . to counter this , many zerg players moved to a 15 fe build . additionally , some protoss started going 2 gate and terran 1 rax bunker rushes . these builds exploited the weakness of the 15 fe , but also provided good pressure against the much later 8 minute 3rax/4gate builds . however , 3rax/4gate are solid numbers not because of their timing push , but because they allow you to easily monopolize a single base . in response to this earlier pressure or fe builds , people started to tighten up their 3rax/4gate , and we started seeing things like the 3zealot/3stalker push . it was in this atmosphere that gave birth to bizarre builds like 7roach rush and 3 stalker rush , because it nicely beat out a 6 minute timing push despite being dismal builds . ultimately the 6-6:30 timing mark provides a good balance of pushing fe builds when their economy is not yet running , while still providing enough troops to actually cause damage .
there should be a vent that leads to the other end of the hallway behind the turret ( where the advanced hacking tutorial is made available ) . there is also a number of cardboard boxes in the vicinity . just grab some and stack them up in front of the turret so it cannot see into the hallway . the turret will not see you as long as you stay behind the crates . after you obstruct its view , you could then return to the other end of the hallway and make your way into the room .
there are a few ways to earn gold . follow the zerg in straits of devastation . players have found a way to do dynamic events in a manner results in a never ending chain . each event rewards a good amount of exp , gold and karma . pop a karma booster for more karma . this is by far the best way of earning gold and karma . the downside is that it is a very boring method . caudecus ' manor . this level 40 dungeon is truly the easiest dungeon to grind . a good group of players can clear this dungeon in 15minutes . each completion rewards 13 silver as well as plenty of level dependent loot to salvage . this is a great way to farm gold and crafting mats like gossamer scraps and orichulam ores . the downside is that it does not reward karma . it can also turn into quite a grind . citadel of flames . this dungeon 's reward is not as good as caudecus ' manner . however , i noticed it tends to drop quite a nice amount of loot bags which give crafting mats like bones and vials of blood . selling those on the trading post can result in quite a bit of profit . one nice upside is that is is quite challenging which makes it a nice alternative to the easy yet boring caudecus ' manor . wvwvw . there are plenty of dynamic events in here . capturing points all give good rewards . the biggest upside to wvwvw is that it has a huge fun factor . sept 17th edit : the latest patch reduced the rewards for running dungeons constantly . this would reduce the farming effectiveness of caudecus ' manor and citadel of flames in story mode . it looks like the current fastest way to earn gold/karma would be to fight in wvwvw when your server is evenly matched with the opponent .
as a priest you need to keep in good standing with the chosen god . the " standing " is realized as " piety " . if piety drops to zero , you lose the favour of your god . orcs worship beogh . you can read up on what he appreciates and deprecates here . in short : killing orc allies , desecrating dead orcs or destryoing orcish idols will lower your piety with beogh . perhaps you ate some orc corpses ? as jack m found out himself , you also lose piety by using some of the skills granted by your god . smite , for example , costs 3 piety according to the linked wiki page .
my experience with pc minecraft tells me this is either one of the following : the chunks are not being loaded properly or are taking a longer time to load . in this aspect , it will look like a cube ( or column ) of matter vanishes and you have the ( temporary ) ability to look into the surrounding blocks . lag in multiplayer , coupled with the before . very large maps ( in the range of > 1000 m from the first spawn ) .
the blizzard launcher frequently gets stuck . it will either think it needs updating and never find anything or it will think it is done updating and still need more . usually this has something to do with agent.exe not initializing properly . to fix : open your favorite flavor process manager ( crtl+shift+esc on windows ) look for agent.exe ( or agent.exe * 32 on 64-bit ) end the agent.exe process . agent.exe will then restart itself and the launcher will come to its senses .
same as for any case of usage , i.e. 7200 is faster than 5400 . however there are 2 additional things to consider , 7200 generates more heat and noise . while second can cause discomfort , first shortens life of the hdd . considering that ps3 is not really depends on drive speed in general , 5400 is generally preffered . considering hdd buffer size it is again , same as for any case of usage , but again , ps3 is not a heavy hdd user , thus impact is low . any will do fine . the only major compatibility bug i am aware of is a head parking issue ( but it is actually far more important than 2 previous factors imo ) . the problem is that ps3 often have long pauses beetween subsequent hdd reads . in the meantime hdd heads are parked and motor is turned off . on next access drive starts again , causing 2-second pause in access . particularly wd scorpio blue drives are suspect to the issue . thus i do not recommend this drives . the size of the hard drive is limited additionally in height . it is allowed maximum is 9.5mm . thus , currently , drives that fits into that size have maximum capacity of 1tb and they are supported by ps3 . my guess would be that ps3 will support up to 2tb drives without compatibility issues ( same as pc ) . for the 12gb version of ps3 you also need to purchase special hdd mount box , since it does not come with this version of console .
i figured it out , you had to control 3 of them and kill 3 of them with the spell in order to have it let you progress .
one solution would be to go into the key bindings and set one of your keys to move ( it is unbound by default ) . that way when you press that key , your character will move to the location of your cursor without picking up items ( or attacking ) .
save all decent rare rings and amulets ; they are hard to come across compared to other equipment . also , if you are playing dh and will later go for monk ( or vice versa ) - save your lower level dex items as hand-me-downs if they are good . you need to elaborate what is meant by ' quite good items ' - i was trying to save all semi-decent rares , but its impractical and you want to focus on specific properties like gives boost to main stat has other useful props besides mf or gf ( if ur focused on that ) for weapons , has life leech or ' on hit ' saving space in your stash even if you do not plan to play a particular class , might work better to start a lvl 1 char so he/she holds the class specific items which are taking up a lot of space do not stock up much for the first 10-15 levels as they pass by very quickly : move any ' starter ' equip onto new chars , but feel free to just keep a decent weapon and sell everything else remember that you can also park some good sword/shield , 2h weapons etc . on the followers . if you plan to actually use the follower , give them stuff that boosts stats but otherwise it is extra slots for amulet/rings etc .
you have two sources of guaranteed lava in dwarf fortress -- the first is volcanoes . embarking on a volcano will guarantee a ready source of lava . the second happens during world gen when you allow / deny the existence of the magma sea ( default is on ) . on worlds with a magma sea , you will hit magma as long as you keep digging down , past the third cavern level .
as several people have mentioned , it is now possible to be logged in on multiple computers at once . only one computer can be playing a game at a time though . if you start a game while another computer is already in one , you will be notified and told that it will close the other game if you start .
personally i am using a grid of tunnels . the vertical tunnels are using every 5 block a wooden platform to jump up or down .  |L| M |L| _| |_____| |__ _ L _____ L __ | | M | | |L| |L| | | | |  l = wooden platform ( you can jump through up or down ) m = minerals
the version used by most tournaments is de_nuke_ve , which was remade by professional player volcano . you can read more about the changes he made here . the main ( relevant ) difference is that he moved the stairs down to lower to a more accessible area outside . note that this is unlike any previous version of de_nuke . valve 's rationale behind the removal of this pathway was that the stairs were very underutilized anyway and that this thus streamlines the action , and while that was true removing it makes the terrorist options incredibly limited and allows the ct 's to consolidate even more easily . as of the patch on december 12 , valve has integrated most of the key aspects of de_nuke_ve into the standard version of de_nuke used by matchmaking .
the cheapest option is definitely going to be the usb route as mentioned by others . ignoring the fact that microsoft 's hardware prices are inflated and overpriced , if you go strictly off a cost per gb , then buying the console with the 250gb drive is your best bet for the money . using the averages prices these days i would assume the standalone drives have a warranty of their own , and the one with the console would be part of the console warranty , but i am not sure on those .
it depends , i like to choose a support based on the adc early game play , if the adc is squishy , let 's say for example Ezreal , i am more likely to pick Soraka or Sona to sustain him on lane . but , if you have a more sustainable adc , you can pick a more aggressive support like Leona , Nunu or Zyra . another thing to observe is the synergy of support/adc level , Leona has her q , w and e ready by level 3 , which can combo really good with Graves , where in this level he is really great . we could also mention some good combos like Ashe and Janna , due to the synergy of janna 's shield and ashe is crit , and ashe is slow with janna 's slow . besides , picking a champion that you enjoy playing , which will also help in your performance , you could ask the adc which support he enjoys to play with , if he has any preference and you feel his preference is useful , you could pick it too . i found the league support suggester , a recommendation software to provide the best support for your current needs . i have also found the following chart which really helps me when to choose a good support for my adc , i usually pick one of the three recommended :
enabling monster power in inferno causes all monsters to be level 63 . since item affixes are generated based on monster level , this means that any item can now generate the best possible affixes . you also have the best chance of ilvl 63 items spawning , which have the best base stats . without monster power , you would not get that until act 3 . otherwise , no . monster power has no impact on item rarity beyond the magic find impact .
based on this table of status effects from the wiki , a potion of regeneration or a golden apple will give you regeneration for a short time , which should heal hearts over time faster than you lose them from the wither effect ( 1 gained every 25 ticks from the regeneration versus 1 lost every 40 ticks from the withering ) . also , drinking a bucket of milk can remove all status effects .
to get your character to do map transitions or enter buildings , move your character to where the transition should take place or to the entrance of the building . once there , double tap that location .
it does not matter if you save her or wait for the conclusion of the concert they both lead to the same scene . . .
the old rb2 cymbals are just for show - they do not add anything to the game . hitting the green cymbal , for instance , is the same as hitting the green pad . however , the new rb3 cymbals serve a real purpose - they allow you to play in the new " pro mode , " in which you are required to differentiate between hitting the cymbals and the toms ! here you can see the pro-mode drums being played with cymbals ( middle track ) . the green and blue ovals coming up are cues to hit the green and blue cymbals , respectively . the usual blue rectangles coming down the screen are the cue to hit the blue tom instead . note that this image also shows pro-keyboard ( left ) and pro-guitar ( right ) as well . ( credit to ign for the image )
quarries run on minecraft joules , or mj . rf converts to mj at a rate of 10:1 , so 80rf is 8 mj . also , you do not need a tesseract to convert rf to mj , you just need an energy conduit that is connected to a mj consuming machine . as for how many dynamos you need to power a quarry , quarries take up to 100mj per tick ( mj/t ) , but will run perfectly fine on 25mj/t . to produce 100mj/t , you will need 13 dynamos , which will be capable of producing a total of 104mj/t ( 1040rf/t ) . they will auto-throttle to produce only as much as is requested , so one will likely only run at 4mj/t ( 40rf/t ) .
they will be unaffected , you can change that if you would like with certain mod managers but they would also wipe out your progress .
city states can gift any unit , including unique units ( of civilizations not in the current game ) . for instance , if you have the patronage policy resulting in occasional great people gifts , you might be given khans . from the civ5 wiki : militaristic city-states have also been updated in gods and kings , giving them ability to gift you unique units from other civilizations ( for example , the chu-ko-nu , a chinese unique unit ) . you can see which militaristic city state can give what unique unit in that cs 's diplomacy screen .
if you are running on preview 12w07 , lighting was not calculated properly , this was fixed in a later version . if not it may be that it was generated in this preview and has the same issue . try placing a light source to force a lighting update .
yes ! they are a pain to take out , but when you do , you will likely complete a bonus mission ( all of the ones i have managed to blow up so far have ) in addition to providing a nice chunk of xp . the bottom of first cartel listening station for example will give you 500 points for the kill and just under 3000 for completing the bonus mission . i try to save my missiles for those items in particular since they are definitely hardened targets . edit for additional info : the space stations and capital ship bridges i have destroyed so far have been bonus missions all by themselves with no other targets . blow them up and you instantly get both the base experience and the bonus mission experience . there can certainly be multiple bonus missions per encounter . one listening station had the fighter ships , the communications relay ( the hard point at the bottom ) , as well as satellites plus turrets . essentially , if you can target it , it can be blow up . i try to blow up everything i can , and make a mental note of what triggers a bonus mission . i have not come across a good guide to all of the bonuses yet . only one way to find out - blow up all the things !
here are 2 screenshots , one made in 16:10 and one made in 16:9 . 16:9 has a slight advantage in visibility . i was unable to see a difference in max possible zoom distance . 1600x900 1680x1050
in filia in the northern part of the map there is an area called errans canyon . travel to the top left of errans canyon with a l-rod . there should be some crumbled looking pillars . use the l-rod there and a bridge should appear that you can cross to get to courcle .
while this may not be the only way , this is a way that works : go to this site , and scoll down until you see the " contact us " box on the right hand side of the webpage . right above it will be another , smaller box with " supply crate keys " on it . click the link , and you should be able to buy a key ( tested myself ) as to why the wiki site link did not work , i would guess that the sites link is broken , possibly linking to a old store page
i have to admit i have been both tempted and reluctant to try and answer this question . tempted , because i like helping players , and enjoy sharing game design discussion . reluctant , because i deliberately obscured the mechanics of the game as part of the design . whats more , the stats are likely to change as the game is in development . and in some cases , a complete understanding of the mechanics would be beyond the scope of a short answer . however , i believe i can share some useful info . the game has some skills which are currently only used as part of encounter/scavenge responses and crafting recipes . such skills include hacking , botany , trapping , lockpicking , electrician , and mechanic . there is no passive effect imparted by these skills at this time . the rest have passive or mechanical effects , and without quantitatively listing every detail , they include : medic - improved healing rate ( i.e. . sterilization techniques and knowledge , etc . ) and more detailed stat bars on conditions screen hiding - ability to hide is more effective , camp concealment stat visible on camp screen melee - better chance to hit in melee combat , higher wound severity , better defense in combat , can leg trip in combat eagle eye - can see one hex further than normal , light and line of sight permitting , and can detect hidden things easier tracking - can spot older tracks than normal , and hide tracks is more effective athletic - less fatigue per move , can run away from all opponents in battle , can run further on map before run moves deplete ( no longer grants one extra move per turn , though ) tough - higher pain threshold , immune system effectiveness , and resistance to wounds , ability to head-butt in combat night vision - no longer available as a skill , but does what it says ( e . g . goggles , dogmen ) strong - can carry more without being encumbered , melee attacks are more damaging , can create obstacle in combat ranged - higher chance of hitting with a ranged weapon slow metabolism - food and water intake rates reduced , healing rates slightly reduced traits do the following : fast metabolism - food and water intake rates increased , healing rates slightly increased myopia - can see one hex less than normal , and detecting hidden creatures is harder feeble - melee attack severity is lessened , can carry less fragile - physical wounds , pain , and infections are more effective on you , healing is slower insomniac - difficulty falling and staying asleep ( need more fatigue or higher comfort levels to sleep ) some abilities also affect ai morale , such as strong or tough . having either of these will make you seem tougher to an enemy , making you less attractive as a target . similarly , having either of those makes them more confident . finally , i am forgetting a lot . this is just from memory , since there is a chain of variables i would have to trace for each one to know for sure . there are some hard-coded effects , too . but generally , they work as described above . more importantly , they are designed to do " what you had expect , " meaning there are some effects which i tangled in there based on our perceptions of those abilities ( like the morale effects ) . and , of course , i reserve the right to be wrong , and change my mind at any time : )
what is happening is you are suffocating - your head is buried into a block of stone . try and move out of the way ; if that does not work equip a pickaxe and mine yourself a 112 bubble directly ahead of you , then move into it . buy yourself some extra time by switching to peaceful difficulty .
the rakanishu 's blade is a lvl 16 magic sword . i tried to get it with a lvl 16 character , but the items i got were lvl 12 or 13 , and i did not find the event again before i was too high level and got lvl 20+ items . i can not tell you the exact needed level , but my guess would be between 17 and 20 . what you could do is have a low level character create the game and invite a friend with higher level who could find the event quickly and do the killing while you stay in town to avoid getting exp . when he finds the event , let him kill everything and wait for you to destroy the shrine . if the items are too low level , level up once and try again .
oddly , stone paths appear to be better at attracting visitors . to test this i filled one island completely with either sort of path . stone paths : 185 visitors marble paths : 93 visitors : some other stuff in my park changed between the two screenshots , but the stone paths i added in the first screenshot actually added more than 100 visitors on their own , so it seems pretty clear stone paths have unholy visitor attracting power .
when you #twoweapon , you want to choose which weapons will be your main and off-hand weapons before you start #twoweaponing because when you are wielding both weapons , you only train your #twoweapon skill . the wiki page suggests that you train your main weapon to the same skill level as your max #twoweapon skill . given this information , i would suggest that once you have your intended main and off-hand weapons trained to those skill levels and you have enough ac without your shield to easily withstand hits from monsters at your level , that is when you should switch to #twoweaponing . when you switch to #twoweaponing you will not lose much damage per turn , so you should really switch as early as you can get the most out of it .
everything that gives you ap in ingress involves portals . so you are correct in that ingress will be very dull without them around you . with that said , you can make some portal suggestions around your home and in a couple of months they may or may not be online without niantic really telling you why . xm is different from ap . xm works similar to stamina in other games . you need xm to perform actions on a portal . you have an xm bar , and you fill it up . the only downside to your xm bar depleting is that you will be unable to interact with portals until you have sufficient xm again . portals deposit xm on a regular basis and because of this you usually will not have to worry about xm until at least level 4-5 . ap is experience . ap is gained from interacting with portals so to answer your original question , you are absolutely dead in the water until you get out and start hacking some portals downtown . once you acquire a portal key you can recharge the portal remotely for a hot 10ap at a time which will never be worth it unless you are trying to keep a portal alive . you can see the amount of ap you have by tapping on your level at the top left and looking below the xm bar . below is a table for ap values for interacting with portals . placing a resonator 125 ap recharging a resonator 10ap destroying a resonator 75 ap placing the first resonator on a portal 500 ap placing the eighth resonator on a portal 250 ap creating a link 313 ap destroying a link 187 ap creating a control field 1250 ap destroying a control field 750 ap applying a portal shield 150 ap placing the final link on a field 1563 ap destroying a [ full ] portal 600 ap destroying a portal + ( 1 ) link 787 ap destroying a portal + ( 2 ) links + control field 1724 ap destroying a portal + links + cf + capture + mods 3524 ap this is the amount of ap you need to level up in total ap needed . 1 - 0 2 - 10,000 3 - 30,000 ( 20,000 from l2 - l3 ) 4 - 70,000 5 - 150,000 6 - 300,000 7 - 600,000 8 - 1,200,000
from what i can see , the three skill branches seem to favour different approaches to combat . in addition to the extra types of attacks you gain for each weapon type ( e . g . , chop for axes , bash for maces , slash for swords ) , you get increases to different attributes at different skill levels , which will allow you to hone your fighter as you want : axes give increases to strength and health maces give increases to vitality and health swords give increases to strength , health , energy and dexterity ( each to a necessarily lesser degree than the other weapon skills ) so in essence , if you want a pure brute , unstoppable in close combat , axes may be a good choice . if you want more of a tank build - to be able to withstand more attacks - go for maces , as the increased vitality will let you level up your health even faster . swords seem to be the all-rounder , with a mix of upped combat strength as well as accuracy and energy . source : just the descriptions of the skills in the game menu .
dayz is a mod for arma ii , which is a windows only game . you must own and your computer must be capable of playing arma ii ( specifically , its expansion arma ii : combined operations , which includes the main game and a later expansion ) in order to play dayz . so , unfortunately , it cannot be played on a linux box .
yes , all items upgraded through the foundry will be upgraded automatically once you research the upgrade , the only exception is the s.h.i. v laser , which will not upgrade your s.h.i. v if it is researched after the plasma s.h.i. v , which is superior . no , all the foundry projects are upgrades , except for the s.h.i. v , which allows you to build s.h.i. vs at your workshops . each s.h.i. v that you build costs resources according to its type .
you can not dive into the river . however , by using the tweeter/beans glitch ( or the king tut glitch ) , it is possible to stand on the river ( which makes fishing a lot easier ! ) . you need two people to do the glitch . blow on your tweeter/use the setsubun beans . have someone constantly push you from behind into the river . repeat until you are in the river :- )
no . it has nothing to do with serial keys , though . even if gog is drm free , they often supply a serial key with their games . this is for your convenience . should gog one day go bust , you still have your serial key  which is your unique code , or " proof of purchase " , if you will . this should not be confused with drm , though . drm simply put limitations on how the game can be copied or transferred . a game with no drm can still ask you to enter a serial key for a number of reasons . a serial key should not be confused with a steam activation key either . it is a separate concept . if you buy the game from a retailer , or from the developer directly , they will often let you activate it on steam , so that it is connected to your account . some times , they may also give you a gift code for that specific game on gog or other game platforms . what you will not see , however , is steam providing gog codes or vice versa . the reason for this , is because they are competitors . it would be similar to buying a gift certificate at the adidas store , which you can use at the nike store  or google play versus the apple appstore . they would be a ) cutting away the profit from their competitor and b ) leading customers to the competition . however ! in some cases , steam accepts the regular serial key as the activation key , but that does not include do not starve . you can see the list of games which accept third party keys here : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=7480-wusf-3601
yes , you were supposed to be able to work for caesar , if you wanted . you can even side with him and help him take over new vegas- working for him is one of the four endings . when vulpes ( or the guy that replaces him ) talks to you in vegas , two things happen . first , you get given the mark of caesar . second , your negative reputation with the legion is wiped and most of the legion will stop being hostile to you . as long as you do not do anything else to piss off the legion such as murdering their guys after this or working for the ncr/house , you will be allowed to travel to cottonwood cove and enter the fort . the problem was that you disguised yourself before travelling to the fort . you were supposed to go there with no disguise , be recognised as the courier and been forced to do some things to gain caesar 's trust . disguising yourself can , unfortunately , mess up certain quests . there is only one pardon from the ncr and from caesar- you receive it after dealing with benny in the tops and you are invited to meet with crocker/caesar . if you piss off that faction after that , you permanently lock yourself out of working for them and will not be able to get that ending . the only way to work for casear now would be to load an earlier save .
the range of the arc thrower is up to 2 squares . if your target has more than 3 health , the success chance is very low . per wikia , capture rates are : 4 hp : 49% chance for success 3 hp : 70% chance for success 2 hp : 80% chance for success 1 hp : 90% chance for success once you have the upgraded arc thrower , the capture rates are : 7 hp : 49% chance for success 6 hp : 70% chance for success 5 hp : 75% chance for success 4 hp : 80% chance for success 3 hp : 85% chance for success 2 hp : 90% chance for success 1 hp : 95% chance for success
they are single use items and are limited to level 90 characters . also on the island you can find sturdy chest , skull-covered chest , smouldering chest , and blazing chest . these are all single use chests . there are also chests that reset weekly . near the bottom of this wowpedia page , you can find a list these chests . that being said , the best source i can find for this is this comment on wowhead . i would consider it a reliable source , as perculia is the site director for wowhead .
found it . it is a " minor " currency , which can buy some items , as opposed to " gold " currency , which can buy all .
no , this is not a bug . it is an intentional feature . ( though i have never seen it in hunger games before ) in minecraft , there are " bug blocks " accessible in the creative inventory . they look exactly like stone bricks ( or a variation of ) , stone , or cobblestone . these blocks are called id 's similar to " stone brick monster egg . " silverfish have a special property - when they get hit , they summon more . they can only summon more from these bug blocks , destroying the block in the process* . if left alone , a silverfish will disappear into a non-bug stone , cobble or stone brick block and turn it into a bug block . whenever devious map makers want to cause chaos , they often spawn in a silverfish and surround it with bug blocks . apparently the hunger games map had bug blocks , and you attacking the silverfish summoned more . *bug blocks also summon silverfish when broken by the player . you can prevent a horde of silverfish by : one hitting the silverfish . silverfish which are one-hitted ( killed in one strike with a weapon ) do not summon more , even if there are bug blocks around . not digging bug blocks . when you try to dig a bug block , it will dig sort of slow compared to a pickaxe , but quite quickly compared to the fist . it is a unique digging speed , meaning it can not be reproduced with a pickaxe - so experienced players can tell if they are digging a bug block . running . though it might be obvious , as with most any other slower-than-player mob your best chance of survival is running .
i am not sure you need to " run " an area . you can not really get behind in levels if you are able to complete the acts . if you feel behind in exp , just restart the act . if you feel behind in power , that is a different matter . it is more likely you need better gear or to see if some of your other skills might be more effective currently .
this is based on how many competitive matches you win , and hours spent in both competitive and casual servers ( official valve servers only ! ) bronze : 0 hours - 0 wins on operation phoenix maps . silver : 10 hours - 5 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . gold : 30 hours - 15 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . from wiki .
you can create a backup of your data ( through a usb hdd or psn+ ) and then try to fix it if it fails you can restore the data on a new slim , note that copy protected data will not be transferred if you used the hdd method
there are no objects or items that affect your movement speed while held , but there are certain objects that will affect your movement speed when used : when thrown , ender pearls will teleport you to the location at which they land ( 1.9-pre2+ ) you can craft potions of swiftness that will increase your speed for a short period of time ( 1.9-pre3+ ) there are also environmental effects and actions that modify your movement speed : walking on soul sand using a minecart swimming in water sneaking sprinting riding in a boat explosions and tnt cannons ( assuming you live ) walking through cobwebs walking across ice
it is golden , and gives off a power-up like glow that pulses with the music . this helps quite a bit with keeping track of the ship 's location , because none of the enemies fall into that color scheme . it looks different , apart from the color . it is a bit bigger . the turrets are a bit farther apart .
there is a difference between the economics and the game model . how does it benefit the farmer if you pick their crops ? economically , they are paying you for your labour . they presumably sell the crop for more than they pay you for picking them . economically , yes , i think it is safe to assume that the farmer ' owns ' the crops as he would have tilled the land and planted them . if you do not give him the crops you harvest , it is effectively stealing from him . the game seems to have a simple economic model for farming . you can happily take crops as ingredients or " sell " them to the farmer . i have not seen any evidence that the farmer will on-sell his crops to retailers or what not . i also have not done a price comparison of wholesale vs . retail . perhaps an economic major will create a mod one day .
it means you need level 1 in the healing skill . next time you level up , put a point there . the same goes for other schools of magic : in order to learn spells you first need to assigned points to the corresponding magic skill . if you do not have the skill yet , you learn it by completing the quest " search of the mandragora " in the gardens ; this is the third major area you visit and healing is the third school of magic .
this is what the lead developer has to say on the subject : none of the basic game files are modified , most of them are replaced with custom versions or specific versions shipped by iw in patches . also , reverse-engineering claims are invalid in europe to my knowledge , which is where i am located . i am afraid replacing files does counts as modifying , and thus breaks the eula you agreed to when you ran the installer . then again i cannot be sure , because i could not locate a copy of the eula anywhere online .
in the first stage of this fight , kracko is actually invincible . the star men are actually meant as a hint for what you need to do - keep climbing up ! kracko will be persistently attacking you and removing platforms , so high jump is the safest way to make the climb , by continually jumping sky high . do not wait for kracko , just keep climbing . eventually , you will come across a more decorated platform with clouds , at which point kracko will get his life bar and the real battle begins . the climb is possible to accomplish with other skills , but not recommended . your standard flight is not very fast and kracko can easily knock you into a pit , or simply make you lose your ability into a pit . if you are insistent , though , tornado , hammer , and throw all make good choices . you will have to keep an eye on kracko 's movements , and generally do your best to stay on the opposite side of the screen as him . in the real fight , kracko is not too hard , especially with high jump . the ammo for shooting at him comes from the occasional star man that he will produce ( which , of course , you will probably just use to regain high jump if you lose it ) . his other means of attack are mostly to move across the screen with a wave of lightning , or to just charge around the screen directly . the invincibility of high jump renders pretty much all of his attack patterns harmless , though . for a non-aggressive fight , stay at the opposite half of the screen ( you do not need to hug the corner ) , and simply jump through him each time he starts an attack or moves across the screen . he will go down pretty swiftly even without being aggressive .
liquid seduction is a potion that you can find/create/buy that temporarily increases your persuasion skill , but only with npcs of the opposite sex . besides that one item , the only differences i have noticed are all flavor in regards to how people speak to you and the context of certain quests ( him vs . her , king vs . queen , etc . ) .
i found them . first , the software saves files with the chief name that i gave when you begin a game . it asks you to enter a description . i thought it was the file name . . . the file name seems to be built with the 4 first characters ( padded with underscores if the name is shorter than 4 characters ) of the chief name followed by an underscore and an incremental number . the number begins at 001 . . . finally , the files are located into C:\Users\Luc\AppData\Local\Documents\My Games\Capitalism 2\SAVE
they can be resurrected by talking to one of the npc folks in town . . . for a price . the higher the level of your mercenary , the more expensive it will be . the maximum cost to resurrect your mercenary is 50,000 gold . resurrections can be performed by the following npcs in their respective acts : act i : kashya act ii : greiz act iii : asheara act iv : tyreal act v : qual-kehk if you do not see an option to resurrect your mercenary , then you either : do not currently have a mercenary active ( have not hired one ) your mercenary is active and alive you can check to see if you have one active if you press o to bring up it is stat/inventory menu .
as domescoper has already mentioned , completing all campaigns unlocks the infinite ammo skills for each weapon . the other skills that are unlocked by getting a certain number of kills with each weapon are master skills for that weapon , for example you can unlock " handgun master " . each of these master skills increase the damage dealt by that particular weapon . a full list of skills including the infinite ammo and master skills can be found here .
tl:dr cave story 3d ( for the 3ds ) is a 3d remake of the 2004 original where all the characters and levels are in 3d perspective . there are also a few " easter eggs " for fans of the older games . the full story there have been numerous new versions and unofficial ports of cave story since the original was released in 2004 , so assuming you do not want to know the specifics of the ti-83 plus calculator port , i will just mention the differences of the five official versions . cave story ( "the original " , platform : pc , circa 2004 ) the original freeware version , with 100% original awesome . cave story ( platform : wiiware , circa 2010 ) a new and updated version of cave story , with revamped graphics , music , and new playmodes . changes include : updated " progressive " graphics ( 480p ) and new music , with the option to use the " old school " versions of both five new playmodes , including boss rush , and the ability to play as curly brace larger range of difficulty settings cave story ( platform : dsiware , circa 2011 ) a ds port of the 2004 original , with some of the new features from the wiiware version thrown in . changes include : uses second screen as a map and inventory viewer a modified version of the " boss rush " game mode included in the wiiware version an unlockable music player cave story+ ( platform : steam , circa 2011 ) the awesomeness returns to pcs , with many of the wiiware features included , plus some other things . changes include : an hd graphical overhaul , with music introduced in the wiiware version , and the option to use the " old school " versions as well all game modes introduced with wiiware version all new game mode " wind fortress " native usb controller support cave story 3d ( platform : 3ds , circa 2011 ) cave story goes 3d , but remains a 2d side scroller . . . maybe a picture will help : source : gamesradar changes include : all levels and characters remade in 3d , with a " classic mode " that puts the old 2d character sprites in the 3d world a " dynamic camera system " that automatically zooms in at certain points in a level a few extra areas that were never included in the main game an unlockable " time attack mode " a soundtrack remade by danny baranowsky of super meat boy and canabalt fame numerous easter eggs for old fans of the game and " cross-over content " with nods to prinny in the western version , and content from crazy climber , ikki , and dragon slayer added to the japanese version sources : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cave_story#versions_and_ports http://tinycartridge.com/post/1180342112/tiny-q-a-nicalis-on-cave-storys-jump-to-dsiware http://tinycartridge.com/post/1981857328/more-cave-story-for-dsi-owners-europeans http://gonintendo.com/?p=58121 http://www.shacknews.com/article/71248/cave-story-now-available-via-steam http://www.destructoid.com/cave-story-3d-features-2d-sprites-nis-surprise-201157.phtml
the official strategy guide mentions that ores grow back after about a month , so there is nothing to worry about .
you can leave the area then come back , or save and reload the game . both ways the boulders will be back to their original positions .
foreword : i am focusing on dota 2 since i stopped playing dota 1 for quite a while now . offensive stuns will hold morphling in place but wont interfere with his morph ability in any way . even Void 's Chronosphere cannot stop his health gain . therefore you need a silence whether its an ability or an item to counter Morphling . important sidenote : Mantastyle does remove Orchid silence . Naix with Orchid can be good because even if Morphling morphed into strength Naixwill deal more damage . Clinkz with Orchid works well too because of his burst damage . Silencer is very good because his ultimate is not a target spell and global giving your team the opportunity to counter Morphling anytime . ( thanks to decency for mentioning those 2 in his answer ) : Ancient Apparation is another great pick vs Morphling because it prevents all kinds of healing including those from skills or items . Lion 's Mana Drain and Hex can destroy an illusion immediately . combined with his long disable overall and his nuke he can be a threat at all times especially with Blink Dagger . defensive to protect yourself against the enormous nuke of an Ethereal Blade-Morphling you should buy magic armor and a Mekansm . ( Chen 's Hand of God can be a substitute for Mekansm . but since you need to heal yourself quickly i would not rely on another players reaction . having both is even better ) furthermore BKB and spells like Repel help a lot . since EB-Morphling needs as much agility as possible to nuke hard he wont have much hp while nuking . this opens a window for a Blademail that can hit Morphling hard and enables the possibility for a good trade ( your support for their midgame-carry ) since Linkens Sphere is annoying you should pick heroes who can afford wasting a spell to disable his Linkens and have another good stun as a follow up . for example : Bane , Lion , Shadow Shaman , Shadow Demon , Ogre , Rubik , Disruptor .
when you have played on all 8 pianos , you will gain 2 new songs for your bards . from the faq ( relevant part in bold ) : the only pianos actually giving you any benefit are the seventh and last piano tunes , but you need to have played all others to actually access these . the seventh tune inspires the bard in crescent to teach you mana 's paean , the final tune inspires him to teach you hero 's rime . in addition , your piano skills soar to unknown heights . sure , it is useless versus exdeath , but would not you rather be an erudite homo universalis than a rampaging brute ?
first of all , let 's clarify the question . this situation will only happen during online tournaments . during offline lan events , players have infinite rp and ip as well as every champion purchased . during online tournaments though , players use their standard lol profiles . as a result , there is a decent chance that some summoners will be missing heroes . when that happens , a placeholder champion that never gets actual play like eve is chosen instead and replaced with the intended hero later on . as for why they do not just pick the heroes as soon as they are available ? in the current meta , the top and middle lanes are solo lanes . since solo lanes are 1v1 battles , having to face an enemy who counters you can be too much to overcome . as a result , teams try to pick these two lanes last , in order to avoid getting countered .
the best way to go about getting this achievement is to use c4 . play the rush game mode , because you can blow up some of the buildings with the bomb in it and they will be high traffic areas during the game . then place c4 on the four corners and on the ceiling of the first floor . this should be enough to collapse the building . remember to be patient , this is one of the hardest achievements in the game and will take some time . you will kill people with your c4 and not the destruction 2.0 and you can not avoid that happening . just keep trying and eventually you will get the achievement . if you like visual references , here 's a guide on youtube to help you out
this noise is one of those optional bosses ( blue noise ) . select joshua , day 6 . walk from the scramble crossing ( the starting point of this day ) , head to center street entrance , then go to amx . scan this area and you should see a blue noise . this noise drops the mink pin only on hard . the grindcore minks share an hp bar between them and are weak against melee attacks ( positive psychs ) .
if you choose the " they are ready for battle . " renegade option , the students will be made into a biotic company in the alliance . this adds 75 war asset points in addition to renegade points . you will still be able to receive the 20 point bonus for kahlee sanders and the bonus for allowing grissom academy students/instructors access to the citadel .
spawn mechanics the only thing that is affected underground is that at night you will have less mobs because they will be spawning above ground , in single player the caps are as follows hostile = 79 passive = 11 ambient = 16 water = 5 so at night say 20 mobs are spawned above ground that means that only 59 could spawn below and that is in all current cave networks that are loaded underground ( chunks loaded ) the cap is checked once at the beginning of each spawning cycle . if the number of living mobs in a category is over its cap , the entire spawning cycle for that category is skipped . this means that it is safer to mine at night . as there is the possibilty of more mobs underground during the day where it could reach the full cap . another win for the clock item additionally to note is that if a hostile mob has had no player with 32 blocks of it for more than 30 seconds then it has a 1/800 chance of despawning per spawncheckcycle . and those are every 5 ticks , this applies to y distance so the deeper underground you get the less mobs on the surface . also if you are more than 128 blocks of a hostile mob it will immediately despawn note that this is a euclidean sphere , not a cylinder from map top to bottom and not a taxicab sphere ( which is more like an octahedron ) also mob behaviour spiders are hostile as long as the light level immediately around them is 9 or less . if they are found in an area with a higher light level , they will not attack unless a player attacks first . hostile spiders will continue to chase the player even if they are exposed to daytime or other well-lit locations . conversely , a spider will not become hostile around a player when roaming in daylight , but if it wanders into a moderately shaded area ( e . g . under a tree or rocky overhang ) it will turn hostile and remain that way . and then you have the obvious which is that zombies and skeletons will catch fire if they are in daylight . no passive mobs are affected by the day/night cycle , their spawn rates and behaviour will not change during either . ( wish the chickens would sleep so i could have peace and quiet )
the best class to solo with in lotro would be the rune-keeper . the rune-keeper can swap between healing and offensive spells , so you can pretty much deal lots of damage , and if you ever find yourself dying , stop dealing damage and heal yourself . ( note , with the rune-keepers ' spell system , you need to build up healing or offensive energy - so if you have been casting offensive spells for a long time , you will need to stop and start casting the low-power healing spells to build up healing energy , before you can heal yourself for any great amount of hp ) . the class i have been soloing with is the burglar . he is good at soloing for the reason that he can disspapear if things get messy , and he can handle a large group of enemies better than other classes , with about 4 stuns and various debuffs . other than that , the guardian - with a tank spec - can solo relatively easy , though it will take you longer as you will not be dealing a lot of damage . lastly , the hunter is a pretty good soloer , as he can lay down traps and deal damage ( more than the burglar can ) from a distance , and can teleport away from combat if things get hairy . unless you have a class preference , i would say go with the rune-keeper or the hunter .
as of version 1.0.1.674 , mods are now published on the steam workshop for civilization v , which is available for browsing outside the game .
the law enforcer ( or le ) essentially blocks you from being able to attack other players in game . it also prevents other players from attacking you . there are pros and cons to the law enforcer as follows ; pros : you cannot be attacked by other players when you die , you do not drop a quickbelt prevents any accidental loss of soullight or faction sympathy from other players running through any area of effect attacks you do cons : you cannot join a clan you cannot attack other players ( not always a con ) it takes up an implant slot that could be used for another brain implant removing the law enforcer is easy , simply drag it out of the brain implant slot it is in to your inventory and this will start an implant process to remove it . it will take quite a while to remove , but it can be re-implanted at any point provided your skill rank is /30 or below . above a skill rank of /30 it is no longer possible to re-implant a law enforcer . you do not need any skill points in the implant ( +imp ) ability to insert a law enforcer .
techhaven . org has the following to say about pistol users : pistols are dex-based weapons that sacrifice range for light weight , high rate of fire , and higher stopping power . they require little or no weapon lore to aim . they do have to be aimed at the target for a certain amount of time to get maximum accuracy . your main stat as a pistol user will be p-c ( pistol combat ) , you will want as many skill points in this as possible , keeping in mind that higher p-c means more damage and better weapon frequency . if you are going to be using high tech weapons ( laser pistols , pulselasers , plasma pistols , etc ) you will also need skill points in the t-c ( tech combat ) ability . while i disagree that weapon lore is a weak stat for pistol users , you generally do not need as much as you would with rifles - it is down to your personal preference , if you like your weapons to lock on quicker , increase the amount of points you put into weapon lore . generally as a pistol user you will be more of a support character , a lot of enemies will kill you really quickly by yourself as pistols have a reasonably short range , but with enemies whose main attack is melee based you can quite easily kite them around . any fire based enemies ( like at crp or cycrow labs/grant mines ) or energy based enemies ( like hoverbots/warbots/etc ) will kill you pretty quickly , and you will need the assistance either of a ppu or tank to keep the enemy occupied while you do some damage .
i did this one yesterday . . i remember being stuck at that part , but as far as i remember , it is the consecutive amount . . so 7 legs and two shiny coins plus one broken hourglass = 10
there is not one . it is simply the sum of the levels of all of your multiplayer characters , plus bonuses earned from " promotion " .
there are two village centers to consider here ; one on creation , and the one you actually care about . on world generation , the village 's well is considered the center ( or starting point ) of the village . it is the first structure placed , and the entire village construction is based upon the well 's location . the center of the village you actually care about is the centroid of all the doors in the immediate vicinity . if you took all the coordinates of all the doors in your village and averaged them together , this would be the area where golems would spawn . for additional details on the logic of the center of the village , read this section in the minecraft wiki .
these abilities are gained by performing specific actions , but they are not revealed to you until after you have done them . some examples : as you mentioned , axii is received after first using it in conversation . assassin is received after locating altair 's body in the prologue . cover is received by staying under triss 's magic shield for the duration of that event at the start of chapter 1 ( source ) . some of these are possible to miss , so it pays to be an explorer and a completionist .
i think that is it for the heavy workbench , the others seem to be for use in crafting the 80-something plus furniture types added , like the living loom to make the living wood furniture set , the honey dispenser to make the honey furniture set , the glass kiln to make the glass furniture set and so on and so forth . if you ask the guide what you can make with torches then most of it comes up ( if not all ) .
pretty much none as far as i have found . i have been using the free movers to shift my accomodation levels lower than my retail ones , to increase the traffic tips and organise things a bit .
in order to use a link portal in kingdom hearts 3d : dream drop distance , you will have to ensure that the touch screen is zoomed in . take a look at this picture i found on google : notice how the magnifying glass has a negative symbol inside of it ( many people refer it to as " zoom out ) . this means that the screen has been zoomed in . to do this , just press the magnifying glass whenever it has the positive sign ( also known as " zoom in" ) . next , you approach a link portal , and a pink bubble will pop up . click on the bubble and you can use the link portal ! i hope this has helped you .
no . destiny bond has a normal priority , so it will go after priority moves , and before or after other normal priority based on the pokemon 's speed and other factors ( trick room , etc ) .
the usefulness of dodge is that it is only present on a single item - if you use dodge runes , you have a chance to dodge auto attacks , while other champions without dodge runes of their own ( or without a ninja tabi ) will not . dodge is an hp multiplier -- it works better when used with armor and health bonuses than when just used as a defensive stat alone . ultimately , dodge works best ( and is most noticeable ) in the early game , both since there is no scaling dodge / level runes , and because at low levels , attack speeds are low enough that a single dodged attack is highly relevant . armor retains a similar effectiveness throughout the game . one last thing to consider is that some champions want to get hit , and so armor runes are a better choice on a per champion basis . shen , for example , has a passive that triggers more often when he gets hit . rammus too would rather take the armor ( as it both directly feeds his passive and allows his taunt / defensive curl combo to deal more self-inflicted damage ) . jax , on the otherhand , makes good use of dodging , and it might be worth it to take dodge runes on him . ultimately , i find armor to be a little bit better stat defensively , but you are much more likely to note a survival due to a lucky dodge than to static armor reduction .
to make your webmin run minecraft_server . 1.7.2 . jar : download the jar to your desktop open a terminal run : sudo mv /home/yourusernamehere/Desktop/minecraft_server.1.7.2.jar /usr/local/minecraft/minecraft_server.jar test with the ' minecraft server 1.5' module for webmin execute explanation of task # 3 : sudo -- execute with higher privileges mv -- move file #1 from /location/a/file#1 to /location/b/file#1nameorfile#1renamed judging by the source code in the module provided , this should work . i am not a webmin user , but i do know enough linux to understand what is going on under the hood aka ' to be dangerous ' . please note : the module only provides 1gb of ram to minecraft by default , if you find yourself needing more open the wbm and locate the line similar to : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx1G -D and change it to java_args=-Xms4G -Xmx4G -D for 4gb of ram allocation to minecraft or to have a range : java_args=-Xms1G -Xmx4G -D which will give you a minimum of 1gb but no more than 4gb . to manually install the module : download from here : http://download.webmin.com/download/modules/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz unpack on desktop and make modifications above repack the archive ( cd ~/Desktop; rm ~/Desktop/minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz; gzip minecraft-1.5.wbm; mv minecraft-1.5.wbm.gz minecraft.wbm.gz ) goto webmin click " webmin configuration " click " webmin modules " click the radio button for " from local file " click the ellipsis at the end of the " from local file " line and select the modified minecraft . wbm . gz click " install module " steps written from memory , so compression may be different as everyone does not use the same desktop manager/window manager . please comment if you have an issue with a particular step . automatically updating minecraft server for webmin : soon to be built using wget and a bash script will updating affect my minecraft world ? only as much as the update affects the game . built structures should be okay . how do i host it publically ? noip . com free dns . do not worry about ip addresses . port forward is a thing . in ubuntu linux distributions : ufw may cause you grief . should i worry about something else ? security questions ubuntu based questions programming/scripting questions other linux distribution questions where do i get minecraft server ? are you affliated with any company listed ? no i am not , but they are very reliable resources , until noip shuts down free managed dns hosting .
there is a prisoner in falkreath called sinding who did a bad thing . you discover this by talking to a grieving father , although the elder scroll wiki says you can simply visit the prisioner . ill met by moonlight
there are two ways to do this but they both start the same way . pick the lock , sneak behind the guard in the room on the left , get your stuff . now you can either sneak out , pick the main door lock , go out kill the guards , pick the lock , go out however , you may not want to leave this jail so quickly . it has a bug that allows you to easily level up your pickpocket skill to 100 .
in order to avoid it i suggest to not try entering more than once in the door of specified team , if the first time fails selected random . anyway , if it happens that you got stuck , you can easily recover from this bad situation by opening console and write retry  retry command force a server reconnection and you access again the team selection screen . sometimes , on busy servers with many people try connecting , this command causes to lose the slot . for this reason , as suggested by @dave mcclelland in comments , is preferable use the command spectate  because it fix the problem without forcing a re-connection . if you really want to join red or blu team and reduce the probabilities to trigger that annoying behavior , i suggest to wait that half or more users on the server choose their own team , and then try enter your desired door .
it depends if you talk about skill books or magazines . skill books give you +3 permanent boost and should be used immediately , or you could save them until you get comprehension perk since it will give you additional point increase per book you read . skill magazines give you temporary +10 skill boost for 1 minute and should be saved in case you run in some trouble and need a higher skill like lock picking high lock , sneaking near crowded areas . . . increased by +20 with comprehension perk . it is also good idea to collect one magazine for every skill and keep it in you inventory in case you get the voracious reader perk , with which you can copy skill magazines from your inventory at a workbench .
i am not able to test it right now , but should not double-clicking on the building select all similar buildings , and then right clicking on the location you want to rally do exactly what you want ? alternatively selecting each building you want to set the same rally point holding shift should , afterwards again right klicking to the location . alternatively , you could add additional buildings to a control group later . select the first building , then ctrl +# . then select the next building , and shift +# . you can use shift +# to add additional items to any control group .
it turns out that my thinking was exactly the opposite of what the game designers intended : when the boss raises his shield , you will only take damage if you strike it again . so , the correct move is to mute the string .
opportunity cards are added to your deck based on whether you qualify for them with your current qualities ; this includes the main qualities like persuasive and shadowy , but also story-related qualities like admirer of art , touched by fingerwork , and scholar of the correspondence . while you can freely affect your main qualities via equipment ( and you will qualify for stories including the effects of equipment ) , you can not affect story qualities via equipment . you can also change your bizarre , dreaded , and respectable via equipment , but there are no opportunity cards that are unlocked by those three qualities . owning certain items can make you qualify for particular cards . equipping an item does not have any further effect . the earliest examples are pets : the sulky bat , the deshrieked mandrake , and the reprehensible lizard will each add a new card to your opportunity deck if you own one . most locations will alter the opportunity deck , too . various places around fallen london proper might add a few cards to the opportunity deck . the full list is on one of the wikis , but , for example , watchmaker 's hill has the cards " a tavern dust-up " , " deal with a drunk old soldier " , and " the departed " . a handful of locations will completely replace your opportunity deck with entirely different cards , first discarding any face-up cards you have . the earliest example is the pickpocket 's promenade in spite , but there are many others : sailing on the zee , polythreme , each of the places of menace , etc . in those strange locations , none of the opportunity cards unlocked by your owned items will be in the opportunity deck .
no . bows are not considered ' two-handed weapons ' in this sense because they are based on the archery skill , not the two-handed skill . if it makes it easier , think of the skill as being named two-handed melee and abbreviated .
piercing orb is one of the few signature spells that will go through all the enemies , you can rune shock pulse for that later on . i also liked it earlier when my wizard could go toe to toe in normal difficulty , using pulse with the explosive bolts rune that does corpse explosion . as a lightning spell , it also has a synergy with paralysis ( 8% chance to stun for 2 secs ) .
a straight ratio is not the best , because there are some classes that the medic does not synergize well with ( engineer , spy ) . a better metric would be 1 medic for every 4-5 offensive classes , so 2-3 medics on a 12 person team .
i got this from a rarity guide article , which is clearer . . . gardening ( 10 ) destroy all the corruption in the gardens of hope without leaving the game there are 27 corruptions in the garden of hope . some players have reported seeing only 26 corruptions , however this might have been a bug . there should be 27 . if your quest is bugged , restart it . you may have gotten the bugged version , or you missed one on the map . a way to make sure that the bug does not happen is to destroy all the corruptions except for the last one , and wait until the achievement is updated to note that you have destroyed 26/27 corruptions ( may take few minutes ) . and only once it is updated to 26 destroy the last one . the big corruption growths are the ones you need to destroy . not the small ones ( they are noted on the map ) .
if you change the camera style to rts mode under the gameplay options on the main menu , then you can pan using the arrow keys or with the mouse at the edge near the bottom of the screen where the ui is . i am not sure about zooming out more , but if you unrestrict the camera in the same menu , it might help you see better , although maybe not up , and it will also let you cheat and view the enemies troops .
searching around on the internet , i have found that apparently the best percentage to enter in order to get the most near pin bonuses is 104% if you want to get the most out of near/full pin bonuses for merchant/customer experience levels . each customer has a different percentage that they are willing to pay up to . for example , you may have noticed the little girl is an incredible cheapskate , while the guild master has a considerably larger budget . customer max exp+rep max profit max exp+rep max profit ( selling ) ( selling ) ( buying ) ( buying ) girl 104% 112% ( ? ) 70% 52% woman 104% 118% 70% 52% old man 104% 118% 70% 44% man 104% 127% 70% 39% guild master 104% 127% 70% 41% louie 104% 118% 70% 38% charme 104% 127% 70% 47% information is from this google doc , which has a more detailed collection of collected statistics overall about the game .
yes , the recharge rate of your engines will only increase to the level you are powering them . the nesasio ( stealth ) starts with level 4 engines , but there is a noticeable difference in recharge rate between 1 power and 4 power . this is consistent with all powered systems . to get the described bonus from a certain level , you must power the system to that level .
there are plenty of benefits of having friends . your friends can help you , and you are rewarded for helping them in return ! being helped by your friends ! friends can help the player fulfilling their boat orders , buying their items at their roadside shop , reviving their trees and bushes and also by ( indirectly ) give the player random mystery boxes when the player visits their farm . friends can give the player items that the player is low or empty on . by adding friends , the player increase their roadside shop space and gain new spaces to sell goods from . helping your friends ! likewise , the player can help both their friends and unknown players . helping friends gives benefits for the player as well as for them . for example , by fulfilling boat orders the player gains money and experience , while the person they helped gets a step closer to stocking a boat full . helping other players is the only way to acquire gift cards , which can then be used to buy packages using the catalogue . quotes from the " friends " page on the hay day wiki . you automatically have one friend when you start the game , an npc named greg . you can also add more friends through facebook if your friends dont mind app request notifications ! npc greg : image from the " greg " page on the wiki
i can confirm that the combo you are looking for is : ice + mine . since this is a gemstone dragon , it is not obvious that this is the pair you need . another consequence of it being a gemstone is that this is the only possible pairing , and you can not breed more by having two . your dragons do not need to be any special level , but if they are over 15 you have a better chance . also , the ebi will give you slightly better chances than the breeding cave , so if you are spending gems to speed up breeding , i recommend prioritizing the ebi . personally , i have found this one quite hard , perhaps the hardest of the gemstones ( diamond pun for you : ) ) . with the long fail times of quicksilver , steel , silver , and platinum , you end up waiting a long time with each failed attempt . the month is still early , so keep calm and breed on .
i have played both , and here are some of the biggest differences i have noticed : gameplay changes : you can shift into post mode with one button press ally oop passes are easier pump fakes is a lot harder to defend this time , you can easily get someone into the air and draw a foul . improved hot/cold steaks and 3 point shooting . its a bit easier to make those open shots now , especially on a hot streak . passing is still a bit iffy . player mode changes : you now earn a salary . you can use that salary to purchase additional skill points , increase your skill cap , and other things ( such as improving team rating ) , buying dunk packages , etc . when your rookie contract expires ( takes many seasons ! ) you can start negotiating with other teams for a better contract . there are more key games , and you can simulate to play the next key game from the main menu rather than having to go into the game and choose simulate until end of game . the previous height limit for positions have been removed , so you can make a 6 foot center if you wanted to :p because of the lockout , the entire rookie class are randomly generated names ( really sucks ) , rather than the actual rookie class of 11 . i have not explored the other modes in depth yet , but this feels more like a complete game than 2k11 was , at least to me .
you have to get the recording from the bookstore ( library ? ) . it is by the turnstiles that lead to comstocks home . then you backtrack .
you can find all your past purchases under your xbox purchase history ( navigatable via the my account page ) on the xbox . com website . see screenshot .
i recorded and evaluated 238 hacks , 198 of own and 40 of enemy portals . i have found the following frequency of getting a portal key : overall probability of key 16,39% friendly probability of key 16,67% enemy probability of key 15,00% one can only guess what the real probability is , but i would guess about 15% . edit : some more details , because i was asked : the probability does not seem to depend on the level or the faction of the portal , although the confidence of this statement is much lower , because there are less samples for each condidtion . but the more samples there are for each condition , the closer the numbers are to the ones i reported above . note that this could change with each update , niantic could just tune some parameters without us noticing . my samples were all collected during march 2013 from the 14th to the 25th .
minecraft isnt caching it in the traditional sense of the word , the data has to be stored in memory owned by minecraft at some point , in order for minecraft to do anything with the data . even reading it ! therefor it is not possible to totally disable ' caching ' . its also not possible for minecraft to just use the memory of the ram disk directly , it has to go through the operating system first , which adds quite a bit of latency ( nothing compared to hd access , but compared to ram access ) . so it is not useful to just disable caching , it might be possible to reduce the time until chunks that are not near any players are unloaded with a plugin , but i have been unable to find one . one hackish way that might work is to reduce the maximum memory minecraft can use , that would force it to unload unused chunks faster . of course , the only wasted ram is ram that is not being used , so ( on a dedicated machine ) there is no harm in letting minecraft store something it can access very fast .
short and simple : you will have to start from scratch .
just the eu accounts . here you can find a blue answer on the official forums explaining that achievements , pets and mounts can only be shared by same-region accounts .
would guess dlc , or just make people ask the question . i have all the animus fragments , completed all sequences 100% , and they have not activated .
by right-clicking on goods in the warehouse or depot , you can set the minimum amount that is kept in stock . once you have set that , you can set a trade route to unload and then load from that port and it will keep the stock of that good at the amount you set as the minimum . i did this in my sandbox game with just one " building materials " trade route . using the tycoon 's ships that have 6 cargo holds , i had them set to unload then load the six types of building materials ( building modules , tools , wood , concrete , glass , and steel ) from each of my islands and had set a minimum on each island for these 6 goods . set a handful of ships to the route and it worked pretty well .
i have just downloaded the replay pack myself , and sure enough , none of them works . corrupted files maybe ? edit : i have just noticed the date this replay pack got posted ( 5th of march , 2010 ) - it was essentially before the official release , so that might explain why .
okay , it appears i was over-thinking this and by trying to be too clever i was making it harder on myself . i am making some progress on icing people now . here are my tips : 1 ) do not fight people with the x next to their name . i think it means they are dead and it does not seem to want to let you ice dead people . 2 ) do not repeatedly fight the same person . it is pointless . for some reason i do not understand you never seem to be able to ice them . 3 ) do randomly attack people ( excluding the ones in #1 above ) until you a ) beat them and b ) get the power attack button . then power attack them until they are iced or you accidentally kill them . if you accidentally kill them instead of icing them move on to the next person . 4 ) fighting people that are closer to your own strength/level seems to show the power-attack option more often . so do not bother trying to pick out weaklings . however , also do not pick fights with people 500 levels higher either . it is still slow going , but i iced 3 people so far today and i had not been able to ice a single person in 4 days of playing prior to that . i am still a little fuzzy on the game mechanics , but this strategy seems to be working so i am going with it . update : 5 ) you do not have to win the fight to ice the other fighter . if you are fighting just for the ice count . go ahead and power attack even if you lose as long as you are doing good damage on your attacks .
i will post my comment as an answer , just in case . if you set origin to " offline " and click on the battlefield 3/4 icon the game should just launch and give you the option of campaign missions . i found this out by mistake once when my origin was offline and it lauched straight into the campaign . i was mightily confused until i realised it was offline .
i think you are just a little confused about the process . the " hints " are not hints , they are instructions . wait until the button icon pops up ( which will be a random one of the four buttons ) and then push it , not beforehand .
are you sure you have not enabled the lolligators ? lolligators can cause a net loss of candy , which is probably your problem .
you can gave movement speed through 2 master abilities : initiator ( 3% ) and swiftness ( 4% ) . also , you can take summoner 's wrath to improve your sprint speed by 35% . obviously take ghost as your summoner . you can rune 3 movement speed quintessences for an addition 4.5% move speed . boots of mobility offer the largest boost , of +5 when out of combat . add in 5 phantom dancers for an additional 60% movespeed . finally , while it is not sustained , rammus ' powerball move reaches the highest speed of any champion . for sustained burst speed , such as across the map , master yi 's higlander is better .
this is happening to a lot of other people , across all platforms . the official ubisoft forums have a 150-page thread on the issue . so , ubisoft is aware of the issue , and is ( presumably ) working on a fix . [ edit ] the latest word from the ubisoft staff : ( june 1st 2014 ) the team are working on the issue , is the best i can say at the moment . it appears to happen when you unlock in-game items from the ubisoft store . unfortunately , there is currently no known workaround . you will either have to start a new game , or wait for ubisoft to provide a fix . and in the meanwhile , do not purchase any in-game items from the ubisoft store !
skyrim 's heightmap is rectangular and uses 119 x 94 = 11186 in-game " cells " . the engine uses the same cell size as in oblivion , fallout 3 and fallout : new vegas - 57.6 metres ( 63 yards ) to the side , 3317.76 m ( 3 969 square yards ) of area . the full map thus has an area of about 37.1 km ( 14.3 square miles ) . around a quarter of this is not playable , stuck behind invisible borders . the playable area is roughly the same as the one in morrowind and oblivion and less than one thousandths of daggerfall 's size . in addition , the game features a good part of the surrounding area of tamriel as low-quality " fake " terrain meshes . for comparison , the heightmaps of skyrim ( upper left corner ) , morrowind ( upper right corner ) and oblivion ( lower left corner ) look as follows , to scale ( courtesy of lightwave from bethesda 's forums ) . most of oblivion 's heightmap is not playable , while most of skyrim 's and all of morrowind 's map can be visited in game .
you can not really lower it any faster than just looking for notoriety lowering people whenever they show up ( as you have noticed , there is only heralds and witnesses ) . it is more the fact that it works differently than notoriety in ac2/bh guards no longer care what your notoriety is ( at least as far as i can tell ) even when you are in the red . the red seems to be meaningless except for one detail . as long as you are in the red , doing something that would raise your notoriety has a chance for one of your dens to come under attack , with more notorious things ( like buying property ) having a very high chance . the idea is that once you hit the red , just do not buy anything or kill anyone until you have managed to become secret again , and you will not have to worry about ever being attacked again . if you manage to get all of your dens a master assassin , then it will not matter if you are in the red as none of your dens can be attacked ( i am currently at 6/7 dens locked , so i am not sure if this is true , but i am guessing either it will not matter anymore , or your notoriety will be locked at 0 or something ) .
obviously this is a bug , since werewolves are immune to diseases because of beast blood . and although sanguinare vampiris can be contracted even while possessing the beast blood , as much as i could test , the disease does not progress to vampirism as stated in active effects . however , until cured , you keep the single negative effect : health reduced by 25 points , which is not a big deal after level 50 ( even on legendary ) .
pc games most often uses a cd-key that once it is used it is not up for grabs again like on a console . consoles solve this matter by having a requirement to have the disk inside the console to start the game . on pc you can pretty much install then throw away the cd . reguarding ac4 i think you have to bind it to a ubisoft account . q1: so yes , you can install it on as many computers as ubisoft / steam / origin allows . q2: but you can not sell your copy of the game after you have " activated"/"used " your cd-key
just like borderlands 1 before it , you accumulate one skill point per level starting at level 5 ( you must acquire your action ability with your first point ) .
it is been quite some time since i have played civ 4 , so i am no longer familiar off the top of my head with the average acquisition date of the gl or the average economic situation ( in terms of science output and expenses ) . but from what i can recall , the raw science output of the two free scientists ( 7.5 beakers ) is ~10-15% boost to the total beaker output of your whole civilization at the time , which is not too bad . that is like having half a library in every city you have , and independent of your slider position as well ! if you also have the pyramids and are running representation , that is 15 beakers instead of 7.5 . in addition , do not discount the gpp ( great person points ) generated by the library and the scientists . that is 8 gpp ( 6 from the scientists , 2 from the library ) that does not need to be fed , unlike regular specialists . even if you do not care for running a specialist focused economy , that adds up to a great scientist in either 13 or 25 turns ( depending on whether the gs is your first or second naturally generated one ) . that is a free academy ( +50% science in a city ) for you . and if you are focusing on specialists , mash that together with two regular scientists , pacifism and national epic ( and the philosophical trait if you have it ) and you will be rolling in great scientists . these tend to be used to quickly lightbulb through philosophy , paper , education , and liberalism in the space of a few turns to slingshot to a dominating position . it is definitely one of the most powerful wonders .
i think a key thing as spy is to avoid groups completely . if you reduce the chances to bump into someone then it will make life easier . i think spies work best when they are trying to pick off the people at the back of the lines , whether it is people running from spawn , or engineers or people going back for health . kill , cloak , hide . if you are in a situation where , when cloaked , you are trying to get through a group of enemies , either following , or running through the front line to get behind the enemy , then i highly recommend jumping from side to side . being able to reduce the area of possible contact with an enemy is the key . when disguised there is a little bit of timing involved , as well as a clear plan . you need to look like you have a definite movement , nothing gives away a spy as someone just running around after another person . if you attack when they are attacking then it is easier to blend in and not look suspicious . i do my attacks as spy in a forward motion . cloak , get in behind the lines , disguise , decloak , run forward with the enemy attackers and attack . no matter the result , i push through to my team-mates , heal and resupply . rinse and repeat . obviously if your using the cloak and dagger or dead-ringer then it is different . there is a huge slice of luck involved with tracking and pushing through as a spy as people are a little unpredictable and sometimes you just get unlucky .
various youtube videos suggest not . ( 1 ) ( 2 ) i think if it were video evidence would be easy to find .
the starcraft ii match making system picks players from your region that have similar skill . it maintains a hidden skill number which it uses to match you against other players , and adjusts this number based on the skill number of the opponents you win and lose to . it also does it best to make sure you have a 50% win-loss ratio .
a redditor recently solved this here . it turns out that the key to this puzzle was the release date of fez , 4/13/2012 . if this date is turned into a string of numbers and rearranged using the page order from the tome ( 15263748 ) , the resulting string is 4011322 . this number is then converted into fez numbers and those fez numbers converted into directions by interpreting the dash in the number as part of the t tetromino ( up , jump , right , right , left , down , down ) . rights and lefts are then turned into rts and lts since rights and lefts would cause fez to move off the magic location . if the pattern of arrows on the map is completed , it would imply that this sequence should be read bottom-up , resulting in a final solution of down , down , lt , rt , rt , jump , up .
it depends actually . ai wars is still under active development . ( really active , at least one patch each week . superb work from them ) . what happens if the aip goes up ? this list is based on the most recent patches ( 6.003 with the dlc , but that should not matter ) . i really cannot comment on older patches . it changes a lot . so update , if you can read this , you can update the game . increase the amount of ships you get each attack wave . increase the mark of the ships you get each attack wave . ( in recent patches there is not a set point any more where the ships change from mark 1 to mark 2 , it is now a percentage ) . but you can see the point where it changes by hovering over the aip ( ai-progress ) increase the types of ships the ai has access to . after a certain ( hidden , there is a list on the wiki ) threshold the ai gets new ships . they are called bonus tech ships ( on the wiki ) . the amount of ships the ai gets when reinforcing a planet . ( note , the amount of planets not owned by the ai also influences the amount of planets the ai is allowed to reinforce ) . dlc timing of exogalactic strikeforces . the higher the aip , the quicker , " broken golems - hard " , and/or " spirecraft - hard " strike forces arrive . note under the hood the ai gets ship points for each point of aip you got . it uses these points to buy ships . so that is why at high aip you might only get two ships ( badass ones ) , and at low aip you get 4 fighters . what happens when aip goes down ? the wave sizes and wave types will be reduced . ( so , a 200 ship wave with 100% mark 2 ships will be downgraded to 190 90% mark 2 and 10% mark 1 wave ) . existing ships will not be removed . bonus tech ships will not be removed , and stay available to the ai . note aip reduction cannot be wasted . when you are at aip 10 and reduce it by -20 , the game keeps track of the reduction . so reduce that aip when you can . you can waste a superterminal however . just not the aip reduction it creates . ( i use waste in the broadest sense , as in it can lose you the game ) . what is not influenced by aip ? ai tactics are not changed by higher aip . timing between waves timing between placement of reinforcements planets being on alert . structures . as far as i know the ai cannot rebuild a structure when it has been destroyed . ( note tachyon guardians are guardian ships not structures ) . this was planned for one of the dlc but has not been implemented yet . dlc size of exo strike forces . dlc timing of " fallen spire " exogalactic strikeforces . not influenced by aip , as the ai now considers you a major threat , and sends massive amounts of ships . the internal hacking the ai value . that one is influenced by hacking . strategic reserve this was written before the new patches added the new feature called the strategic reserve . the patch notes only indicate it increases periodically ( whatever that means ) . it is unlocked at difficulties 6+ . and if it is filled over 50% some new ships added to this reserve will be added to cross planet attacks . using the debug mode it would be possible to check if higher aip increase the amount of strategic reserve ships the ai gets . but i have not done that . other patch notes to seem to indicate that the higher the aip the more strategic reserve the ai gets . enemy champions the ancient shadows expansion adds human champion ships . the ai gets a nemesis champion ship to counter your ships . the higher the aip gets , the less nemesis champions get spawned . as the ai has little time to invest into these nemesis ships . note to the reader : what did i miss ? mention it in the comments , and i will update the answer .
the short answer is no , the balance of the game will not be noticeably affected . dawnguard introduces a few new things that modify minor aspects of the base game : dragonbone weapons : with a smithing skill of 100 , you can now craft weapons from dragonbone . the bow has the highest base damage of any bow . arrow smithing : able to smith arrows crossbrows : faster first shot with slower reload time . you can smith an enhanced version of this cross bow that ignores 50% of armor . this is pretty huge and all you need is the steel smithing perk . the vampire and werewolf perk trees are also available , and improve the base abilities for those factions . these are gained by feasting on the flesh of your fallen foes ( aka devouring a killed npc as a werewolf or killing an npc with drain life or bite as a vampire lord ) so what you are truly given with the dlc is some interesting build depth for players who enjoy playing as a vampire or werewolf , slightly more powerful weapons for those who reach 100 smithing , and a bow substitute that can eventually be improved to ignore 50% armor at high levels , but needs to be earned through dawnguard questing . looking at all the info i think you can reach an objective conclusion that current players should not notice any major balance upsets .
since this is a very large topic i am going to try and break it down in to a series of sections macro mechanic ( one of the new features in sc2 ) unit production and tech tree expanding harassment defenses unit compositions - ability to adapt upgrades air i broke up my answer into a series of race specific answers . you can find them here : protoss zerg terran
from here : you can see a summary of how your score was calculated at the end of each level . it is made up of 3 things : the amount of money you have left over the resale value of your towers ( how much you would get if you sold them ) 1000 points for each core left at the end ( 24 x 1000 = 24000 if you do not lose any cores ) so to get a higher score you should : spend the least amount of money possible use the fewest towers possible and , where possible , use towers with the best resale value be sure not to lose any cores it is also good to wait as long as you can before you spend money to build or upgrade because it earns interest until you spend it . also , try to avoid using the laser because you do not collect resources for aliens that you kill with the laser ( the one that shoots from the sky , not the laser tower ) . i used to think that the money you had ( not spent ) counted too , so i also try to sell all my towers when i am finishing the level . when you see you are about to kill the last alien , start selling all your towers from places he has already passed and you do not need anymore ( reading that post i linked to , i do not think this is true anymore though , i will have to test it ) .
to maximize xp gain : buy xp boosts . you can stack duration and per win boosts . play pvp instead of ai if you insist on ai , play intermediate instead of beginner surrender if you can not win ( to maximize games played ) invite friends . referrals give bonus ip , which help you win ( and get more exp ) however , i do not recommend trying to level up quickly . ip is much more important for buying tier 3 runes , and your time is better spent maximizing ip gain . exp calculation : current ( july 2011 ) formula for xp winning a normal game at level 15-19 is roughly 3m+25 , where m is the number of minutes the game lasts , capped at 198 . intermediate bot games at level 10-14 use the same formula . at level 15-19 , intermediate bot games subtract a 25% penalty from that formula , and give xp for only the first 180 minutes a day of play .
i think this would be very rare from a protoss because basically there is no benefit to delaying a 4-gate attack . let 's think of this from the protoss side . the point of a one-base 4-gate timing attack is to get the maximum production at the earliest time -- a time when zerg typically has barely any units . one base cannot sustain 4 gateways worth of production . so protoss has a small window where this timing attack is most effective , before zerg has had the time to prepare for it with queens , creep spread , 2-base economy , spine crawlers , and attacking units . if the attack is delayed , protoss gives zerg time to build all these things , nullifying the entire point of the attack . zerg should be on two bases already by the time the attack was supposed to happen , so if the attack is delayed , protoss is vastly behind in economy . if you are vastly behind in economy , the only way to win is to attack immediately and try to kill your opponent . turtling only puts you further behind , as your opponent ( zerg ) expands his empire . so as zerg , the simple advantage you have in this scenario is : more economy , more resources . you are ahead in resources which means you can simply do more of everything than protoss in every way . so your response to this bizarre protoss behavior would be : prepare enough defenses to hold off any potential attack , and use all the rest to put yourself more ahead and guarantee a win : keep scouting to see what he is doing . 4 gateways and no attack ? maybe he is throwing in some tech like dts or stargate . if you scout effectively , there will be no surprises . scout for any hidden expansions . burrow lings at every expo on the map . you can afford these extra units . keep a small army at his ramp to delay expansions and scout when he is trying to expand . keep him scared to move out , so he will invest in more turtle-style defenses . expand , safely . do not double-expand . it can be tempting to do that but use your resources wisely . you do not need to be on 4-base against 1-base . make static defense . make your bases drop-proof , close off ramps and high ground areas . get " just-in-case " tech like a hydralisk den , overseers , burrow , overlord speed . use the map control he is given you . spread creep everywhere , spread your overlords for vision . take all xel'naga towers . when you are ahead , you do not need to take risks , and you should play safe because you can afford that luxury . do not attack him until you are certain it will be a-move-to-gg .
i would not really classify a base as " mature " or " premature " . even if you upgraded too early , it just means you have got to be a little more careful with spending your elixir . at 1300 trophies , i would have to say that you are doing just fine . remember that the difference in town hall level will change how much loot you get off other players . taken directly from the wiki : 0 - 100% 1 - 90% 2 - 50% 3 - 25% 4+ - 5% i also got to th8 relatively recently , and i can tell you the difference in available loot from when i was using th7 was definitely daunting . however it is not anything significant to fret over . as long as you can maintain relatively decent income , you should not have any issues continuing to upgrade . remember that even if you maxed out your th7 upgrades before hitting th8 , you will still hit a slump as you progress out of early th8 . attacking trophy range : for early th8 , i would recommend silver 1 through gold 2 . for late th8 where you are near the end of the upgrade path for your defenses , i would recommend gold 1 through crystal 3 as the optimal farming . attack strategies : for earning resources , i would recommend the barch attack pattern . essentially this attack pattern consists of the following : 60-80 barbarians 60-80 archers 60-80 goblins 3-4 giants the idea behind this strategy is to " snipe " the resource collectors of a given opponent . many base layouts push the resource collectors outside of all walls , while heavily protecting the storages within the walls . you are looking for those towns with a resource count generally 60k+ , nearly empty storages , and high-level collectors that are full . using the barbarians as meat shields , you would throw down a line of barbarians to attack the collectors , and follow up with a line of goblins , then archers to snipe them from safety . if you decide the barbarians are not enough , you can throw in a giant or two as extra meat shields . with this strategy , i can easily nab over a million of both gold and elixer in just a couple of hours playing . if i really sat down and focused on farming , i would say this strategy would easily bring in 1 million gold/elixer per hour . here is a popular youtube video demonstrating a variant of this strategy with just archers and goblins : now one thing you will want to learn is how to lure a clan castle . many players with a higher trophy count will have troops waiting for you . it only takes a handful of wizards or archers to completely annihilate your giants regardless of what healing you do . to lure out a clan castle , place a single archer within range of the castle . if troops come out , then place another archer also within range . keep placing archers until all the clan castle troops have come out . then , place an archer further away from the base or at a corner building , you might need more archers if the first dies . the idea here is to get the clan castle troops out of the way from those pesky mortars and anything else that might stomp down your fragile archers . once you have gotten the troops out of the range of cannons , archer towers , or wizard towers , place a giant and a semi-circle of archers to mow down the troops . this should clear up any unwanted visitors . defending at th8 , you are now more susceptible to those dangerous th9 troops more than ever . players at th9 get level 6 troops , and are more likely to employ heavy use of hog ridgers , dragons , and the occasional balloon run . at silver 3 to gold 2 , you are going to be attacked more by heavy combinations of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . at gold 3 to crystal 1 you will start seeing heavier use of hog riders and dragons . currently i sit at gold 1 . out of my last 10 attacks , 3 utilized hog riders , 1 utilized dragons and goblins , and the rest were a combination of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . what this means for you is that your base layout is going to need to be able to protect against a wide array of possible attacks . luckily you will continue to see more updated base layouts directly at the supercell forums , there is plenty of people there that are constantly coming up with new base layouts for various purposes . at this point , you will want a farming base to minimize loss of resources while trading off trophies instead . in no particular order of preference , here 's a few good farming layouts to help you get started : the tempest by orz : dominion by orz : trapception by iannation : the oski by yango : of course i would suggest always looking around on the forums if you are looking for something different to work with . these bases typically get updated every once in a while as things get improved . some bases may work better at early th8 than others , so try out a couple and see what works best for you .
open mouse properties , and on the pointer options tab , look for " select a pointer speed " , then the " enhance pointer precision " checkbox .
the cases are 3.89 inches wide by 6.61 inches high with a depth of 0.55 inches ( although some may be slightly deeper ) . in metric measurements , this is 99mm x 168mm x 14mm .
open the " humble store " link that was sent to you by email after you bought ftl . there you can download the latest patch . if you lost access to that email address and the link to your humble page , you might be out of luck .
if you are tired of using the grappling beam , it is also possible to get a speedboost charge from the ramp along the lower right , then shinespark directly up , bypassing the need for the grappling beam all together . other than that , it all comes down to persistence , regardless of which way you try to get there .
wheel spikes do indeed pop tires . they extend from your car 's tires gradually as you start to accelerate , so they will not be at full tire-popping potential until a few seconds after you start moving . while there are only a few points at which this can be an advantage , the upgrade 's pretty cheap and you might want to take it on at least one car anyhow . for one thing , popping tires is not considered an additional hostile act , and in fact i think it might not be considered hostile at all in certain cases - i have popped cop tires before without getting a police wanted star , and i have popped other tires in full view of police without upsetting them , but i have not tested it exhaustively . careful not to hit the enemy vehicle hard , lest you upset them . this means that it will not increase your wanted level , but it can get pursuers off your back . dave 's right to point out that the ai rarely has trouble with popped tires ( it seems to be able to set speeds with vehicles that are beyond the top speed they can normally travel ) but they do have trouble with popped tires and tight turns . the luchadores especially fall victim to this with their penchant for large trucks . i do not think the pedestrian injuring features are all that useful , more often than not it will cause you trouble rather than solve anything . the other issue i have with car upgrades in general is that most of the missions and other diversions require you to drive a particular car , and getting your own car out of a garage is usually rather painful . i upgraded several sports cars , thinking i would have a use for them , but by and large i just drove whatever was closest to me while i was on foot .
my understanding is you are immune from the point at which you see the credits roll for the first time . all of the bonus content is much harder , and in those stages , five or more deaths ceases to trigger the game 's assist features . i have 100% completed the game with glowy stars intact , by the way . my worst playthrough of a level after the main game was around 50 deaths . oh , how i wish that were hyperbole . ( as spoiler-free as i can make this . )
it seems that the only way to summon a non-tasked companion is to close swtor and then log back in with your character . i have raised a support ticket about this fault , thanks for raising it up : )
funny you should mention it . . . you will need to keep playing the minigame until it is no longer available to achieve a perfect ' rank 101' achievement . you will also earn the " i love punching " achievement .
make your own group , set your own rules . however if you do not understand the encounters or have the ability to lead a group , this will not work out well for you .
if you are aiming for high scores , skip the checkpoint . if you want a challenge , skip the checkpoint . if you want to prove you are a true badass , skip the checkpoint . the checkpoint awards 50,000 points if you skip it . this can be a deciding factor separating you from other players going for high scores .
there is a list of damage types that tend to be used by different npc factions on the eve wiki . it also lists which damage types tend to be most effective against them . npc damage types the various factions and pirates across new eden tend to inflict particular damage types over others . the following is a list of the damage types inflicted by different factions damage done by npcs angel cartel : all types , although mostly kinetic and explosive . amarr navy : em and thermal . ammatar navy : em and thermal . blood raiders : em and thermal . caldari navy : kinetic and thermal . centii : em and thermal . coreli : kinetic and thermal . corpii : em and thermal . domination : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . gallente navy : kinetic and thermal . gist : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . guristas : kinetic and thermal . khanid : em and thermal . mercenary : all types . mordu 's legion : kinetic and thermal . odamian : kinetic and thermal . pith : kinetic and thermal . rogue drones : all types . republic fleet : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . sansha : em and thermal . serpentis : kinetic and thermal . best damage to do to npcs guristas - kinetic serpentis - thermal or kinetic mordu 's legion - thermal or kinetic blood raiders - em or thermal sansha - em or thermal angel cartel - explosive mercenary - thermal
i was using toad of hugeness for a while in a cc build . my build went like this : primary : poison dart ( splinters ) secondary plague of toads ( toad of hugeness ) 1: grasp of the dead ( groping eels ) 2: wall of zombies ( unrelenting grip ) 3: mass confusion ( mass hysteria ) 4: gargantuan ( restless giant ) passive : jungle fortitude , spiritual attunement , pierce the veil i will happily admit that there is better cc that can be used on the secondary , however i was finding against small-sized champions , the huge toad would eat said champion , thus removing it temporarily from battle . this proved to be particularly useful as the minions could then be dealt with before the champion returns . the size of the enemy is important as to whether the toad will eat it or not . big enemies ( like wood wraiths ) will not get eaten by the toad .
in the challenges , there are 4 different types of things you could possibly win . first of all the two most obvious things , rupees and ( mostly ) rare treasure . you can win these in either the silent realm challenges or the boss battles . other things you could win in boss battle mode include a piece of heart after beating 4 bosses and the hylian shield after 8 bosses . here 's the prizes you win if you stop in the boss rush : 20 rupees small treasure 100 rupees piece of heart ( 200 rupees if you already received this prize ) 300 rupees rare treasure 500 rupees hylian shield ( 1000 rupees if you already received this prize ) 2000 rupees 3 rare treasures 3000 rupees 9900 rupees ( only possible in hero mode , since you will not have the option to fight demise otherwise )
ignoring glitches/exploits , there is some leeway in the order that dungeons can be completed . with the exception of dungeon 9 ( you must beat the previous 8 dungeons for entrance ) , you do not have to complete any of the dungeons to complete another one . some dungeons require you to retrieve items from a different dungeon to either gain access or complete it . ( i have omitted bombs and keys as a requirement , but they are probably the most useful tools to make it through the dungeons ) dungeons 1 , 2 , and 3 , can be completed in any order . dungeon 4 , requires you to get the raft from dungeon 3 in order to enter . dungeon 5 requires the ladder to complete ( available from dungeon 4 ) dungeon 6 requires the bow + arrow and ladder to complete . dungeon 7 requires the magic flute to enter ( from level 5 ) , requires the ladder and bait ( bought in various shops ) to complete . dungeon 8 requires the candle ( bought in a shop ) to enter . once you are inside a particular dungeon housing one of required magic items for a different dungeon , there are no required items besides bombs and keys to retrieve the item . now , this is not to say it is a good idea to do them out of order . the sword upgrades are only available once you get a certain number of heart containers . in order to easily kill monsters in higher numbered dungeons it is advised to complete the lower numbered dungeon so you can get a new heart container and potentially gain access to an upgraded weapon .
short answer : wait for a mod . long answer : you can sort of wing it with with the console . save before you do this in case you do not like the results . jump . open the console mid-jump . player.placeatme 89a85 1 this creates a living mannequin npc at your location . did you know mannequins are actually npcs with disabled animations ? creepy . unfortunately , there is no way to attach the special script that mannequins have to the npc you just created using the console . however : first , open the console , click on the mannequin so that it is id is shown : the tai command will disable ai for the mannequin . the openactorcontainer 1 command will show you the inventory the sexchange command will flip the gender . note that since the mannequin lacks whatever mannequin script the real implementations use you will have to use openactorcontainer 1 to change out the inventory . in addition , weapons do not seem to show up on mannequins added this way . you do this at your own risk , as we have no idea what kind of black magic the mannequin script contains to protect your items , make the weapons display , etc . the console is really for debugging the game , not editing the game . source .
you have probably bought chicken which are dead chickens . to have them in the pen you need to buy living chickens from the livestock merchant . your c ) statement that the " chickens " meat is being sold at the market confirms this theory . a simple way to see if it is a live or dead chicken ( s ) is that the value of live chickens are 400-500 and chicken meat is worth 3 . see trade screenshot for living chickens
to calculate the time it will take to walk to the far lands , we need to know two things , the speed that steve walks , and how far it is to walk there . speed according to the " sprinting " page on the wiki , the normal walking speed of steve is around 4.317 m/s . distance from the " far lands " page on the wiki : in the minecraft : pocket edition 0.9.0 beta series , a far lands similar to the pc edition exists about 12,550,745 blocks from spawn . calculation time = distance / speed time = 12,550,745 / 4.317 time  3033779 seconds time  842 hours time  35 days notes we have calculated that it would take you approximately 35 days to walk to the far lands in minecraft : pocket edition . but it is unlikely you would make it this far , according to the " far lands " page on the wiki , there a few things that will happen before you make it to the far lands : gaps between chunks first begin to be noticeable at x/z values above 100,000 . at around x/z : 700,000 " jitteriness " is experienced and the world starts to become glitchy and unplayable . chunks are seen to vibrate rapidly . past x/z : 900,000 the world becomes completely unplayable and crashes are very frequent at this point . but if you do make it to the far lands , you will come across something similar to this : image from the minecraft wiki .
as taken from the wildshadow forums : tiles count as " seen " if they are filled in on your minimap . the circle of " seen " tiles on your minimap has a radius of 16 tiles . you can do the math from there . otherwise , no , you cannot see your current tile-seen count at all .
you can not . the towers are auto-targeting . you can put sensor towers where indirect weapon fire should impact . the weapon will automatically controlled by the sensor tower , and fire at targets in the sensors line of sight ( and within the weapons reach ) .
the general rule of thumb is that if the enemy is humanoid , and about the same size as you , you can parry it . you can not parry bosses ( except for the final boss ) , non humanoid critters , or the giants in anor londo . the largest enemies you can parry are the black knights who are about half again as tall as you . after you play for a while you will get the hang of which things you can and can not critical .
climb the steps on the left and the snake will try to bite you . after the second time , the cave should collapse .
hook this up to a clock , repeating every few seconds : /effect @p[r=10] 4 10 5 true this gives any player in the radius of 10 blocks level 5 mining fatigue ( potion effect 4 ) for 10 seconds . whenever they are in the area , they cannot break any blocks . when they leave , the potion effect wears off so they can break blocks again .
there is a couple of different ways of doing this , depending on the type of vehicle and who is driving it . if it is an " non-hostile " driving , ( even cops and gang members , so long as they are not angry with you ) and they have not yet panicked , you can usually pull over in front of them , and they will stop . gunfire and damage to cars , or other hostile actions will cause them to panic - speed up and drive faster than the car should be able to drive , with no regard for the safety of themselves or others . if the car in question is hostile , you have got a few choices . if you are behind them and coming up on them , you can slam your front wheel into their rear wheel . this is actually a real police tactic , and it is called the pit maneuver . it does not work as well in this game as it does in real life , but it is often effective when you are trying to stop someone from fleeting . throw an electronic grenade at the car , which will stun it temporarily . i do not believe this will ( generally ) raise your wanted level , but it is considered hostile , so if you have got no wanted stars , this will likely give you one . get out in front of the car , and hop out of your car ( making it into a car torpedo ) and then press " sprint " + " steal car " which will cause you to jump through the windshield . if there are multiple people in the car , the others will get out , even if they are manning the gun on an apc , for instance . ( for tanks , you have to kill the gunner first ) the rc possessor ( which you get at the end of act 1 ) will allow you to stop cars . generally when you exit the remote control interface , the driver will just hop out . this works for helicopters and vtols as well . i do not think you can do this while driving , but it has a long range so you can get out in front of a car , jump out of whatever you are driving , and take control of it as it is chasing you . if you level it up , you can cause cars to explode when you take control of them , which will insta-kill any brutes or specialists in the vehicle . explosive weapons , especially the annihilator , will destroy most cars with one hit . your wanted level will probably go up , however . for dealing with gang cars featuring brutes and/or specialists , this is one of the best solutions . shooting the driver is possible , use something pretty accurate though , like the pistols . this can be tricky while you are driving . you can shoot the wheels , the effect of this is that the car is harder to control . you will want to maintain high speeds and/or turn corners frequently to shake a car that is been damaged in this way . if you are having trouble doing this while driving , you might want to look into the cruise control feature . it is not perfect , but it can take one button off your list of things to be pressing at the same time . if you can find a co-op partner , most of the time the tasks will be divided between you , so one of you can focus on driving the car and the other on taking out pursuing vehicles . remember also that losing your wanted level is really easy in this game - visit any owned shop or crib and you will magically , instantly , lose your wanted level . plus , there are " homies " you can unlock that give you this option anywhere . if the game is feeling " hard " - ( ie , gang wanted level is tearing you up , or brutes are really difficult ) go progress the plot or play some of the easier activities . in the meantime , invest your money in buildings you can own , damage reduction/health increasing upgrades , and upgrading one or two weapons . later in the game you will have many more tools for doing damage and avoiding the law/gangs . if there is something in particular that is got you stuck , put it aside , since by the end of the game you will easily be godlike , and you can use your powers to finish off anything that was tricky before .
while you can find ( and eventually enchant ! ) weapons with multiple enchantments , weapons in oblivion only have two states : enchanted , and unenchanted . once enchanted , weapons cannot be un-enchanted , and there is no way to add/subtract abilities , charge size , or effect magnitude after the initial enchantment . if you have not already , i would suggest you look into the enchanting guide at the unofficial elder scrolls wiki . the wiki also contains a list of " useful enchantments " which sounds like it might be useful for your purposes .
it sounds like you may be having trouble , not with your miners per se , but rather , how dwarf fortress handles elevation changes . each z-level ( the map at a given height ) has both a " wall " and a " floor " tile . stairs in dwarf fortress need to account for both of these - the wall must be an " up stairs " tile , and the floor must be a " down stairs " tile . the dwarf fortress wiki has a great visual example of this , as a side view :
it is an option under the menu -> gameplay settings . let me look up the exact path for you real quick . edit : to get there , go menu ( f10 ) -> options -> gameplay settings . there is a dropdown menu on the left for " show unit status bars " . to always show health , change it from " normal " to " selected " ( to show health on only those units you have selected ) or " always " to show the health of every unit , ever .
this is an issue of multiple flukes combined into one giant mess . the map was originally generated prior to 1.7.10 , however the chunks containing the stronghold were generated after an update . because of this , the end portal was in a different location than what the eyes of ender reported . to resolve this , i took the seed , -4365712075075430210 , created a new world in creative mode , and navigated to the above coordinates . when i used an eye of ender , it proceeded into a different direction about 100 meters away . upon digging down , sure enough there was the end portal in my creative world in a completely isolated section of the stronghold . writing down the coordinates , i went to them in my hardcore world , and the portal was there as well . in short , if you create a world in a previous version of minecraft , upgrade to a later version , then explore the chunks containing the stronghold , there is a solid chance that the end portal is going to be in a slightly different location than what the eyes of ender report . you could generally find it just by navigating the stronghold , however i was not able to locate my specific end portal because it was isolated and walled off all by itself in my specific seed .
it is possible , but tricky , to do it if you happen to be : a hunter a goblin an engineer a demonology warlock the trick is to aggro razorgore , then jump from a ledge near the grethok the controller to a balcony . once on the balcony , razorgore will continue to attack you , but grethok will call off the alarm , preventing adds from coming in to kill razorgore : as long as you quickly kill grethok and the other two orcs , and stop controlling razorgore once you hit ~25 seconds left on the mind exhaustion debuff , you can destroy the eggs with impunity and take razorgore down . hunters , goblins , and engineers to jump to the balcony , you need to use : hunter : disengage to jump backwards goblin : rocket jump engineer : the nitro boosts belt tinker the youtuber shopebay1 put out two videos demonstrating the basic premise . as a hunter with disengage and a parachute : as an engineer with nitro boosts : note that i found trying this with the nitro boosts to be extremely frustrating : you only have a few seconds , it is prone to failure , and it has a three minute cooldown , meaning if you do not make the jump it is a wipe . demonology warlock demonology warlocks have it easy . before pulling razorgore , make the jump using demonic leap . once on the balcony , summon a demonic circle . then , pull razorgore : once you are in range of the demonic circle , pull one of the orcs and teleport . then , follow the same strategy described above and demonstrated in shopebay1 's videos .
as ben blank said , the only thing that will spontaneously cause an explosion , if you have not made any tnt , is a creeper that got into your house . i see three possible directions for the creeper to enter from : the caves most likely , either you have an insufficiently lit patch of floor in the connected caves ( walls and ceilings do not matter ) , or there is a dark branch that you have not found . i strongly recommend always installing doors at connections between caves and living space . the front door the damage you described seems to be focused around the doorward side of you . you say you removed " the bricks leading up to the door " , but if there is still a one-block-jump path it is possible a creeper got in anyway . next time , do not worry about removing the path , just close the door ! if you have a wooden door , zombies can break them - this will cause a loud sound of someone punching some wood . the ceiling you have not said anything about your ceiling design . is it possible that your ceiling had a hole in it through which a creeper entered ? there are [ minimal spoilers ] ways for dirt/grass blocks to go away , so if you had a dirt roof perhaps a creeper fell in . miscellany to my surprise , it appeared that nearly all my objects were still there . most were sitting in the same spot that their chest was in . as best i can tell , i was able to recover nearly everything , with the exception of the signs and 2 of the 5 chest blocks . chests drop their contents when destroyed , as you saw . if there had been two explosions , then the second one would have destroyed all of your resources , as they have almost no health . they also tend to leave big craters , and there seemed to be too little structural damage in this case . the size of an explosion crater depends on the strength of the materials . if you meet a creeper outside , then it will leave a large hole in the dirt , but the same explosion will do much less damage to stone . oddly , the door and torches outside were gone , but the structure itself was untouched save for two holes in the floor ( marked " gone " in the above picture ) . wooden objects are generally weaker against explosions , and torches have no blast resistance at all .
from the duke nukem wiki the protozoid slimer will attack any weaker being close to it . that is , it will attack and " consume " assault troopers , assault captains , pig cops , assault enforcers and protector drones . it will do nothing to any other enemy , and it will not purposely go for any of those enemies ( it will only try to attack the player ) .
based on the guide at xbox360achievements . org , it sounds like it does have to target something ( it suggests targeting one of the rapid transport stations on the citadel ) . if you only want to play a vanguard in mass effect 1 in order to play that class in mass effect 2 , there is no need to play through mass effect 1 again , though . at the beginning of mass effect 2 , after importing your character , you are given the option to change your class ( do not worry , it makes sense in the context of the story ) . so you could always import your engineer into mass effect 2 , and then select vanguard as your class without having to play through the first game again .
that is in the tomb of barradin . i did the same thing during one of the beta weekends .
young animals can not be hunted . they are only a sign that larger game is nearby . this means that you can shoot at the baby animals and they will take no damage and will not die . larger game is show with a white outline surrounding the animal . when you get to a baby that outline is not shown and thus you will not be able to use any attacks on it . there is a video below that shows the outline and the babies without one .
yes every champion that suffers damage from the aoe effect will take a single stack . note however that there will be only one stack applied to the main target that procs the on-hit effect . this works similar to the on-hit of ravenous hydra or tiamat ( source ) . as the description of black cleaver says it will apply a stack for every time you deal physical damage . this counts for items , spells and auto attack but it does not apply for on hit effects on a single target . however spells that hit multiple times in a short amount of time will apply a stack for every single time they hit a champion . this is the main reason why bc is so popular on champions like wukong ( ultimate ) and pantheon ( e-spell ) .
totalbiscuit has a series called i suck at starcraft where he comments on his own noob games , focusing on what mistakes were made and how to improve . the series starts out very basic , explaining economy , supply , teching , and the uses of some individual units . it should be understandable even for someone brand-new to sc2 . the downside to this is that it may be too basic for many players . however , over the course of about 15 videos , he moves into ( somewhat ) more advanced concepts .
decorations firstly , build a few decorations where they are most of the time , such as when idle ; in rooms as you have already done , but also in communal places where they like to idle . the market is usual , maybe a balcony if you have one , or the tavern . in this way when they idle they get happiness from idling , and also from being near fancy items . placing the items where they are most of the time is the best way to get more bang for your buck , of course you can decorate all areas to improve their happiness generally . fixing low happiness what makes them happy the most is idling . my problem was that when i first started i would start loads of building projects , immediately starting the next one once the last had finished . i generally set the auto-production levels too high , meaning the townies always had something to do . this resulted in townies being unhappy , meaning when they died they would not get replaced , resulting in more work for those left , meaning more unhappy townies . it can be a downward spiral . to get out of this firstly , let them finish up any extra work , like building walls , decorations etc . then change your automatic production to the minimum needed , e.g. only food and only a little food . in my town i went for farming cows and chickens , starting out i only automatically butchered one of each , and cooked one of each . i also produced one egg and one milk pale , but that was it . this way you are doing the minimum to survive . they only make a food item if there are none left . note that your heros might not like this ( they might leave due to lack of food ) , but once your happiness is sorted out and your economy is back on track the heros will easily come back . monitor this a bit , ensuring you are producing enough food , what you should find is that you will not hold much stock , but when hungry the townie will either go and make some food , grab one just prepared , or if you are not producing enough food generally they will go and get raw food , e.g. milk/eggs . economic growth vs . happiness hauling does count as a job as you say , so whenever i am ready to explore a new dungeon level or take on a lot of mining etc . that will mean lots of traveling around carrying things i try and stop most building work beforehand to get them starting as happy , well fed , rested etc . do not worry about the fact that to start with you are only dealing with basic materials and items . progressing down the dungeon layers for better items is a big job . you really want happiness to be high when you go down a layer as townies like running into a raging battle to collect some bones ( for example ) . you want a steam of villager ready to replace them if this happens , which you get if everyone is happy . they key is as long as they are happy you will have a good economy as its easy to get more townies ( just build more rooms ) , so that is the priority not economy ( beyond food ) . town design i also try and design my towns so the distance from food source to dining room is as minimal as possible . i have lots of farms ( cows and chickens in my case as they give milk and eggs in addition to meat ) and a kitchen right next to them , then a dining room right next to that ( with walls/doors in-between so it looks nice ) . the point is to minimize the time taken to do repetitive tasks , making/preparing/eating food is the main one . the game goes for any production chain , although obviously some things you can not control the location of , for example sources of metals . i tend to have any barrels of stock in a central location , that is farily near to anything that would need them , i.e. raw/prepared food barrels in the kitchen , stone in the masonry area etc . this way things get moved most of the way in one go .
there is a 1 in 3 chance any particular bone will tame a wolf . if you have a stack of x bones , the chance you will be able to tame a wolf before running out of bones is 1 - ((chance of not taming with bone) ^ x) 1 - ((2/3)^x)  fill in for x to get your chances . for a 99% chance to get a wolf , you will need 12 bones . 17 bones will get you 99.9% chance , and 22 bones will get you up to 99.99% chance . note : i got the 1/3 figure from http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/wolf -- in the same sentence , it also says " up to 12 bones need to be used to ensure that the wolf is successfully tamed . " this sentence cites a tweet from jeb which makes neither of these assertions , although the tweet does confirm that it is a random chance . i am running with the 1/3 figure and assuming they are just assuming nobody will hit that 1% chance , although it is a virtual certainty that some players have gone into the 20 bone range . the 1/3 figure matches my anecdotal experience , and it is the only place i have found that attempts to give a solid number on it . probability is a subject that trips up a lot of people , so a lot of results come back with people giving answers with an authoritative tone that seem unsupported ( e . g . saying it is random and then guaranteeing an upper limit to the number of bones needed ) .
there is a solid chance either 1 ) a game file is corrupted ; or 2 ) one of your mods is interfering with listen servers . go to c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam\steamapps\common\team fortress 2\tf . take the entire contents of your custom folder + cfg folder and move both to your desktop . open steam , right click on tf2 > properties > local files > verify integrity of steam cache . once complete , launch the game and see if you have any issues with your listen server . if you still have issues , it may be a good idea to delete and reinstall tf2 . if there are no issues , start adding back in your mods and custom script files a few at a time , launching the game and testing for issues with each time you re-add something . you will probably want to add the less intrusive mods back in first , such as model or material replacements , as those are less likely to mess with the overall game .
as you said , you can go back to the starting quests . this can be done from the main character selection screen , under " change quest " . however , you were asking specifically about lore books . i do not think there is a way to reset all the lore books . instead , you can open up your j ournal and look through there . it contains all the lore books , monster entries , etc . for your reading or listening pleasure .
meat rings are a special , worthless ring created exactly as you described . here is the one time that the descriptions of items are important . you know how rings are called things like iron ring or silver ring or stone ring before you identify them ? this is how you determine what rings you can eat . certain monsters have a trait called " metallivore " . this lets them eat metal items the way we eat food . rock moles and xorns are metallivores , while rust monsters are a special metallivore that can only eat rust-prone metals like iron and steel . by polymorphing into one of these creatures ( using a potion , wand , ring , trap , or spell of polymorph ) , you can then eat rings that are made of appropriate material . doing so has a 1/3 chance of granting the intrinsic normally granted by the ring as a permanent intrinsic . so for example , you could gain " polymorph control " if you are lucky with a ring of polymorph control . wooden rings are also edible , but only by polymorphing into a gelatinous cube . the main reason to eat rings is to earn their intrinsics without needing to wear the ring . this lets you get more effects , or alternatively avoid the hunger penalty normally associated . you can not eat rings of slow digestion , but eating rings of conflict , regeneration , and hunger will permanently increase your hunger rate , so be warned if you plan to eat the former two . for the most part , the intrinsic will remain when you polymorph back to normal . however , the rings that boost a stat , like +strength , will not remain when you revert . rings of plus-to-hit and plus-to-damage do revert , and are often eaten by people who specialize in unarmed combat . i think there are maybe one or two more rings that do not have an effect if eaten ( levitation , for example ) . this is because being able to permanently have some intrinsics is unbalanced , or otherwise makes the game unwieldy to play . you can also eat amulets . amulets are all made of iron , so all metallivores can eat them , but they only pass on the intrinsic on a 1/5 chance . do note that eating an amulet of life saving or an amulet of reflection will have no effect , so do not waste an awesome amulet thinking it will . as well , eating the eye of the aethiopica will only confer its base item ability as an amulet of esp .
there is not much of a trick to defeating its first form . do your best to dodge its laser attack , and when it launches the slower flying missiles ( i think , it is been a long time since i finished metroid prime ) destroy them as quickly as you can . if you have unlocked super missiles for the gun its weak to , definitely use that as well ( especially for the ice and normal guns , not sure how helpful the other super missiles will be against him ) . also learn when he is about to switch sides , and change into your morph ball and get to the middle of the area so he will not damage you as he moves across the room . as for the second form , are you switching your visor when he changes which spectrum he is visible to ? as i recall , he goes from normal -> heat -> x-ray and then back to normal . if you are only damaging him when he is visible to the normal visor , this makes the fight much harder . other than that , the fight is really about killing the secondary metro ids as fast as possible in order to concentrate on killing the boss as quickly as possible . so get good at destroying metroids . : ) again , it is been a long time since i finished metroid prime , so i am not sure how many energy tanks are needed at a minimum . however , if you are having problems it would not hurt to get more - this gives you more of a buffer to work with . there are plenty of guides online to where all of the items are so they should be easy to find if you get stuck .
there are a few different ways you can avoid having your character jump during a fatality input , but the most common method ( dating back to the classic mk games ) is just to perform a brief block to prevent your character from jumping . you can hold the block button during that portion of the input , and it will not have any adverse effects . a minor complication in your case is that the fatality in question requires the use of the block button for the final input , but as long as you let go of the block button before you need to press it again at the end , it should still work . for example , to perform the fatality you mentioned , you could do something like this : [ hold block ] -> down -> up -> [ release block ] -> left -> right + block
here 's a list , with the first column being the in-game name , the second being the description of the real piece , the third being a description of the fake : ~source alternatively , you can check this gallery here ( which is rather too large to directly link each image ) . if you want to research yourself , the animal crossing : new leaf instruction manual also has a section named " artists and sculptors " where it lists the actual name of each piece of art in the game . for example , " wistful painting " is *the girl with the pearl earring " by johannes vermeer . you could then look the image up in a search engine and compare it with the image ingame . note : i have the eshop version of the game , so i am not completely sure that section is in the physical manual .
if you are outbid , the money shows up in the " completed " tab , and you must send it to your stash . this transaction should be immediately after you are outbid . if the money was not returned to you in the " completed " tab after you were outbid , then it may be due to ah lag currently affecting the servers ( comment by wikwocket ) , or it was a bug and you should contact blizzard about getting your gold back . give it a few minutes , log in and out , and if it still does not show up , let an admin know . the auction house seems to be having a lot of problems right now , so be wary that it may be awhile before they have a response for you .
press c to bring up your character sheet , and select gear management - you can use this to save decks , including currently equipped talismans and weapons . you start with 5 slots , and can buy additional slots from your faction hq . you can also install add-ons that do a similar function - viper 's deck manager is the one i use .
no , identical buffs/debuffs do not stack applying a buff or debuff that already exists simply refreshes the debuff already there it should be noted that this is different for dot debuffs . per this post the exception would be dots from multiple players . no player can reset/remove your dot . everyone has their own dot counters , so you can apply the same dot to one enemy as long as it is coming from two different sources .
the blue star coins simply signify that you have already collected the star coin before , similar to how power stars become clear and translucent in other mario games . the coins are used to purchase things in the shop , so there is only a finite number of them -- 3 on each level -- and once collected successfully ( as in , you collect it and then complete the level ) will forever after be replaced with the blue star coins ( which are identical in terms of points and location ) .
i did a run through with a new character , noting when each of the conversations became available . there are a few that the exact point in the quest is not 100% because a friend joined and i did not want to hold them up by running back after every single objective . once you have heard a conversation , if it was missable , it seems to stay around in stead so until i go through with another character and do not talk to anyone , i can not be certain when exactly they can be missed . leah 's childhood is an example of this - you get this conversation when she is following you during the broken blade , but since she was following my friend , i could not collect this one and later it was not available and as such would be missable however once collected , it was available until the end of the act so in these cases , there would be two points at which they become unavailable . leah stops talking to you after you finish the breached keep in act iii and by then any conversations not heard have certainly been missed . act i tristram : available after accepting the quest the fallen star by starting act i until you complete the quest legacy of cain . adria 's death : available after accepting the quest legacy of cain until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . life with cain : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . adria : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . leah 's childhood : available from when you are given the objectives to " retrieve the beacons " during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . about the temple : available from when you are given the objective to enter the drowned temple during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . leah 's power : available after accepting the quest trailing the coven until you begin act ii . act ii about zoltun kulle : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . about adria : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . remembering deckard : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . the archives : available from when you are given the objectives to " open shadow locks " during the quest the black soulstone until you are given the objective enter the soulstone chamber through the terminus during the quest the black soulstone . act iii concern : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you complete the quest the breached keep . hopes : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you complete the quest the breached keep . dreams : available after hearing the converation hopes until you complete the quest the breached keep . ( humourously , the male witch doctor has the wrong audio here ) extras these do not count towards the achievement , but they are also conversations that can be had with leah : soulstone instability : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you accept the quest the breached keep . the black soulstone : available during the quest the breached keep .
