at 30% normal accuracy ( 15% with rapid fire ) , the two will do the same amount of damage , on average . at 29% normal accuracy , a normal attack will do more . at 31% accuracy , a rapid fire attack will do more . x-axis = chance to hit with normal fire y-axis = average damage per ability use ( assuming 10 damage per successful hit ) assuming you do 10 damage per hit : at 29% normal accuracy , you will do 2.9 damage per normal fire on average , and rapid fire will do 2.8 ( 24.08% chance to hit for 10 damage plus 1.96% chance to hit for 20 damage ) . at 30% accuracy , both will do 3 damage per ability use on average . at 31% accuracy , a normal attack will do 3.1 average damage , while a rapid fire attack will do 3.2 average damage . here is a spreadsheet where i did the calculations .
there is a prestige playlist , which you have to have prestige'd at least once to enter . this is not exactly a game play benefit , but you will theoretically be playing with better players . here are the current options on that playlist : prestige tdm is unlocked right away . prestige hardcore is unlocked after going prestige 10 times . prestige pure is unlocked after going prestige 15 times . as aardvark said unlocking the all the custom classes can be particularly helpful if you want to run similar weapon sets but with different equipment . for example , starting a round with marathon+lightweight and you favorite weapon . then after the initial points have been captured swapping to scavenger , warlord , and your favorite weapon . and although this is not exactly a game play benefit you can pay $50,000 after going prestige to unlock the prestige leader board . however , this is lost once you prestige again . lastly , there is the ( laughable ) intimidation factor ( what do you mean no one cares ? )
assault ships are a bit heavier and ment for " prolonged " fights . have better tanking capability . can deal a nice amount of damage as well as take in a nice amount of damage . interceptors are very light , very fast version of the tech 1 counterpart . have very low tanking capability but rely heavily on speed as a " tank " . can deal a very nice amount of damage . in proper hands these ships can be very dangerous . i think they were created to enhance wolf pack tactics . you need to be aware that in some cases a more skilled pilot in a cruiser will be in your way . you have a great chance of dying .
you can only upgrade a merchant one time with the investor perk ( speech 70 ) . however you can get another perk , master trader ( speech 100 ) which gives every trader in the world an additional 1000 gold . [ source : game and official strategy guide ]
after asking on both the steam forums , and contacting trendy games , it appears that is not a but , but instead a " feature " . not sure what the point is of split-screen if you are still only playing one player 's characters , but that is the way it is .
when you get the bank building , fully occupied buildings produce twice as many coins .
the chakram launcher should be available to you immediately . once you find the first weapon bench you should be able to select it under the list of available assault rifles . alternately , if you find a weapon during a mission , you can choose to change your loadout and equip the weapon that way . if the weapon is not showing up , it might be that it was not unlocked . in order to unlock the chakram launcher , you have to get to the end of the 45 minute timed segment of the kingdomes of amalur demo . the reckoner knight armor should be available once you return to the normandy after the citadel section . if you go to the armory , there is an area that allows you to change your armor . the second slider down allows you to select the reckoner armor . regarding your ea accounts , no additional linking should be necessary as long as you are playing with the same account/console that you played the demo on .
fill the bar about half full at the start , then wait . the guy will give you a final warning 10 seconds before the auction ends ( i believe he literally says something about 10 seconds ) . mash like mad at this point , and generally they will never manage to get a bid in after you . once you have got the timing down you can easily get the bid in with 3~ seconds left , and i have not once had someone slip in a bid after that time . if there is less than 5 seconds left there is zero need to stun them , just add a single rupee . if the auction bar accidentally fills early , do not place a bid . attempt to pay the current bid and your bid will be rejected and your bar starts half full instead of empty . unless you make this mistake extremely close to the end , you will have plenty of time to mash a to fill the bar again . also note that bringing up the bid ui will show you the exact time remaining , and note that the infuriating dialog of other auctioneers does not eat into the time . you can stun the other auctioneers with a significantly higher bid too ( not sure how much , 50 rupees ? ) and prevent them from bidding , but in my experience if you do this too early it is useless , and if you do this too late you might as well just wait for the 10 second warning and you should pay the same or less as you would have by bumping the price up considerably .
kinda . the thing to remember is that it is not the weapons that matter , but the abilities of the profession who is using them . the axe in the hands of a necromancer is a fast weapon . in the hands of a warrior , it is a bit slower . each ability has an effective " cast " or animation time that does not change depending on the weapon you wield ( though you can really only see this with utilities ) , and since there is no auto-attack ( just abilities that , again , have a certain cast time ) , guild wars 2 has no real concept of attack speed . the only way to make things happen faster , is to acquire the quickness boon .
i just tested this by merciclessly slaughtering sven and hilde while they slept in their riverwood home . unfortunately ( or fortunately , if you have , you know , scruples ) , even after death all of their chests are considered " owned": you still get marked as a thief for attempting to open them , which is a sure sign the room is not safe to store belongings in . so no , despite what davy jones or any salty seadog might tell you , it is not safe to use a dead man 's chest and/or store rum in it .
the easiest way would be a teleport command such as : /tp @e[type=Item,x=X1,y=Y1,z=Z1,r=10] X2 Y2 Z2  replace " x1" , " y1" and " z1" with the coordinates where you want the items to be " stolen " from , and " x2" , " y2" and " z2" with where you want the items to be moved to . you can also change the "10" to increase or decrease the radius from the point that things are stolen from . this requires a minimum of snapshot 14w02a .
toughness only reduces direct damage , rather than indirect damage . as such , toughness has no effect on fall damage according to the guild wars 2 wiki . stacking vitality will not help , but does have an effect on fall damage - since fall damage is percentage based , having more vitality will cause you to take more damage , as you will always lose the same percentage of health from the fall .
the terror dart . always the terror dart . probably 80% of my game was path of nightmares and the terror dart . the thing about the terror dart is that it works against all enemies , including the late-game enemies that have multiple detection abilities . some lethal gear requires that the enemy move first , which is not always ideal . some of the other lethal gear only stuns and does not kill strong enemies , which means that you have still got to move in for the kill . the dart also takes care of a whole set of enemies at once , by causing panic and fear when they see the effects . enemies will freak out , walk off ledges , shoot their allies , and so forth . with path of nightmares , bodies you leave behind do not trigger alerts , they trigger panic instead . this can be extremely powerful against groups and in spots where you have got to hold out until time runs out . i did not find the distraction items to be that useful . the vast majority of the time , it is possible to get behind enemies and take them out with the sword . if you distract them , they become slightly more unpredictable in their behaviors , and they are still alive . with the dart , if you are in a sticky situation , death is guaranteed . if you find you need a distraction , the bamboo dart that you start with ( and have an infinite supply of ) will attract attention to your current location . you can set enemies up to fail by standing near a trap trigger and throwing a dart at them . they will come over to investigate and run afoul of the trap . there is also a late-game outfit that requires you to leave behind distraction items . this outfit is required for certain missions . therefore , if you invest heavily in distraction items , you are going to be out of luck when these missions roll around .
some tips : play with a buddy , clan or quad who is/are better than you and can show you the ropes . halo 3 , in particular , had some great clans who were interested in helping newbies out . in team games , use your microphone . communication is key in team games so you will want to use the mic to coordinate your assaults and call out enemy positions , especially snipers . pay attention to the gametype you are playing . a lot of people play every game mode like it is free-for-all or team deathmatch . if you are playing an objective game like capture the flag or territories , going for a good k/d ratio is not the best use of your time . granted , killing the other team can give you advantages , but you should still be spending the lion 's share of your time working towards the actual goals of the game . on team modes , learn to be a good team member . for example , in a capture the flag game , you should either be a part of the group going for the enemy flag or a part of the group defending your flag . you should not just be running all over the map by yourself . in a game like battlefield bad company 2 , you will want to remember your support functions and help out by dropping ammo and medkits , throwing sensors and repairing vehicles for your team . if you can play private matches , set up a private game and investigate the maps . learn where the weapon drops , objectives , etc . are located and the paths between them . if you can play local private vs . games , hook up a second controller and check out the sniper spots and hidey holes to get an idea of how hidden people are and what it looks like when someone is camping there . see if the game has a good wiki or mp faq on gamefaqs or the web . a lot of people will share great tips for succeeding in mp . you can also check out the paper guides ( prima , etc . ) , but those are usually not as good as their online counterparts and are not updated to reflect new maps and game patches . take some time to become familiar with the weapons . you will die a lot while doing this , but try to get a feel for their effective ranges , reload times , clip size , power and so on . try to think about what sort of weapons will work better on which maps . are there vehicles ? long sniper lines ? lots of close quarters ? if the game has classes , try all of them out and give each of them some play time . even if you hate a class ( for example , i am not a fan of sniping ) , you will learn the strengths and weaknesses of that class by playing it for a bit . if the game has a an unlock system , pay attention to completing the unlock requirements once you have the basics of the game down . in some games , the higher-level unlocks can give you a significant advantage on the battlefield . learn to shoot for the head . in most games , a headshot does a lot more damage than a body shot . you will want to reflexively put your reticule on their helmet before pulling the trigger . be prepared . make sure your health and shields are topped off before running out for more mayhem . find a safe place and reload after each battle . make sure your ammo and supplies are topped off . do not be predictable . unlike single player , humans are pretty good at figuring out your patterns . try to mix it up a bit , both with weapon selection and where you roam on the map . pick one or two games and practice them as often as you can . more frequent shorter sessions are probably better than fewer longer sessions , though you will want each session to be long enough to " get into the groove " of the game . do not get discouraged . in any game there will be a lot of people with way more skill than you , even with " skill-based " matchmaking . try to learn from your deaths and view them as a learning experience . understand that , when switching games , your skills may not transfer well - you will have to learn new maps and the controls , game modes and weapons will be different .
recognized by dripping clothes . attempting to conjure a lightning element whilst in this state will damage a wizard and cause him to lose charges . thus , it is impossible to cast any spell involving a lightning element while wet . wet characters also take twice as much damage from lightning spells . being wet will remove grease/burning . source : magickapedia
one trick that i like to use is to " clump " my nukes so that they are coming in to strike at about the same time . even if your enemy has a good anti-air defense , they can only shoot at so many nukes at once . to do this takes a bit of practice , and some timing : you need to launch from the further-away launchers first , then launch with the closer ones so that the missles end up being very close to each other once they are close to the target . with a lot of practice , and some imbalance in your initial placement of sea forces , you can get you 6 ground launchers , 12 subs , and 18 bombers ( 6 ground , 12 ship ) to all release nukes in a cluster ( for a total of 36 nukes ) , and maybe loose 4 or 5 ( less , if thier defense is split ) . remember : you only need them to be in-sync near the target 's defenses -- once you are past those , they can ( and should ) go to various targets . this is all much easier if you make liberal use of the really-really-slow button . just make sure you speed it up whenever you are not needing to do something , lest you piss of the other players .
from the ea website , the following weapons are categorized as stationary : heavy mg x312 heavy mg kord stationary at korn anti-ait gun zu23 as they are not really up to date on their websites as always , expansions may add other weapons to the list .
essentially , the script that erases perks when you delevel as you leave goodsprings only seems to check for level 2 perks . ordinarily though , there is really only enough xp in the goodsprings area to get to level 3 without a lot of tedious waiting around for gecko respawns - and once you have levelled up a few times , it is a lot of tedious waiting around . so , while it is possible to get a free perk or two if you are , for instance killing everyone , it is really more effort than it is worth to go out of your way for without abusing the aforementioned infinite xp glitch . once you do that however , basically , the way it works is you hit level 30 , walk out of town , and choose to rebuild your character . this allows you to reassign your perks and skill points , delevels you to 1 , and awards you an amount of experience equal to what was removed . not all perks are stripped however , and thus you effectively double your perks .
there is no way to transfer a character between leagues " on demand " . generally speaking , you will have to create a new character in the league your friends are in . or they will have to create one in yours . however , leagues can have rules concerning character transferral/demotion to a different league . this usually happens on the character 's death ( for hardcore leagues ) and the season ending ( for challenge leagues ) .
it is bolvar fordragon , paladin of the silver hand , commander of the alliance 's combined military forces in northrend , former regent of stormwind , and fallen hero of the wrathgate . he was thought dead at the wrathgate , but had in fact survived and been captured by the scourge , and tortured , with the eventual intention of being made into a death knight , much like saurfang the younger . however , unlike saurfang , bolvar resisted until arthas 's defeat . after arthas menethil , mortal host of the lich king , was slain , tirion fordring took up the helm of domination , the crown of the lich king , preparing to don it himself . as he did so , bolvar intervened , calling from his seat upon the frozen throne , his body warped by the red dragonflight 's fire . as a last act of service to azeroth , bolvar asked that tirion place the helm of domination on his head . as the self-appointed " jailer of the damned , " bolvar seeks to keep the scourge under control . as bolvar encased himself and the frozen throne once again in ice , he warned tirion that no one could know what happened . tirion would have to tell the world that the lich king was dead , yet as his voice changed , he added that bolvar fordragon had died with him .
there is no special meaning . the message means exactly what it says . the battle will be against a demon of super duper quality . simply put , the fight is going to suck hard and the likelihood of dying in one hit is high for many of them . as krazer said , these are usually notable characters .
in wait mode if you are in a command menu ( i.e. . choosing an item or tech to use ) time effectively stops . in active mode , active time battle bar is always going ; that is the one that fills up and your character can act when it is full . this includes yours and the enemy 's which you can not see . when you are just in the main combat screen and not in a particular menu there is no difference . once you learn dual-techs you might actually prefer active mode , because in wait mode you would have to sit in the main screen waiting for both characters to be ready to act , whereas in active mode you can just select the tech while waiting and then just choose it . that is actually one of the reasons that wait mode does not make it completely " turn-based " the way you expect it to . you sometimes need to wait till 2 characters are ready to act simultaneously and if time stopped when it was 1 character 's turn , you would not be able to do so .
yes , your onion knight 's level can start out higher than level 1 . the level of the ok is not accumulated but is , rather , strictly calculated by the number of jobs mastered ( not counting the squire , chemist , dark knight and mime classes . ) i can not find a source for this but i recall discovering this late in my game file ages ago .
from my own experience ( and i play it a lot ) , when the flag captures are tied , the team with the higher score wins ( total points of all players of the team ) . more specific from the battlefield 3 wikia in the event of a tie by equal number of flags captured by both teams , there is a winner , this is determined by the team with the highest cumulative score . in the rare occasion that both teams have an equal cumulative score , the victor will be the us team by default . additional sources : https://twitter.com/gustavhalling/status/311736490830991360
you do not need to constantly produce villagers in order to have an effective iron golem farm . two basic conditions need to be in place for an iron golem to spawn : villagers : iron golems spawn if there are at least 16 villagers nearby . for every 15 total villagers , one iron golem may spawn ( 16 = 1 golem , 32 = 2 golems , 48 = 3 golems , etc . ) houses : it takes at least 21 houses to spawn an iron golem . a " house " in minecraft has a complicated definition ; here 's the simplified version on the minecraft forum : a block counts as being part of the " roof " when it is within 5 blocks of the door ( in the two directions the door faces ) , its topside is exposed to sunlight during the day , and its bottom side is higher than the door 's bottom side . notice that a door is not a " house " without a roof , or with equal amount of roof on both sides . that description is slightly misleading as the algorithm is more complicated . for more information , i recommend reading marfagames ' thread on the minecraft forum . generally speaking , with both those conditions satisfied , iron golems will spawn . i encourage you to read up on the specifics if you wish to design your own farm . lower down i also recommend a specific design . farming tips having more than a greater number of villagers will not affect the rate at which iron golems spawn . the number of villagers only determines the iron golem cap . if you drop the iron golems at least 5 blocks down from your farm , they will no longer contribute toward the iron golem cap , and more will continue to spawn . a house only becomes part of a village if there is a villager within 16 blocks horizontally and 4 blocks vertically . more resources jl2579 over on youtube has made several videos on iron golem farming , and has designed the most effective golem farm i have ever encountered . micromancero came up with a farm design that inspirqed jl2579 ( on youtube ) . docm77 has done a lot of work with jl2579 's farm on youtube . note : i would love to post more links , but i do not have enough reputation . jl2579 , micromancero and docm77 's videos can be found easily via youtube search .
quickness affects your chance to hit with ranged attacks and to dodge . i have not played a troll , but i think base move speed for every characters is the same . there are a few ways you can increase move speed for your character : equip clothes that give + to move speed ( stealth suit , ninja outfit , etc give +1 ; street brawler gives +2 ) there is at least one cyber implant that gives + to move speed ( wired reflex ) racoon totem spell gives +2 to movement for all allies within range . if your character focuses on chi casting , the stride spell gives +4 to move
no one has it yet . it has not been announced yet . they needed to wait to confirm that the goal would actually be reached first before working on it , and now that it has , it'll probably come in one one of the next couple of updates . my guess is the last one right before ti3 , but like i said , that is just a guess . stay tuned .
no ; you can attack , but obviously less effectively than the assault juggernaut . the riot shield has a melee attack ( bashing ) , and you also get a usp . 45 pistol as a secondary weapon . the shield is mostly useful for defending ( say , a control point ) , but if you get a couple of team mates to follow you , you can also provide an nigh-invincible distraction and cover for an offensive front .
from what i can gather , the servers are shut down and things like roster updates cannot be done any longer unless you do it manually for all 30 teams . .
any effect that scales off of maximum health takes the current health maximum of the champion . this counts for on-hit procs ( bloodrazor ) as well as targeted abilities ( fizz 's trident ) and aoe abilities ( xin zhao 's ult , assuming it is levied against someone who is currently at their max health ) . those abilities take into account items granting permanent health , items granting temporary health ( red elixir , for instance ) , and , yes , lulu 's ultimate . while it should go without saying , anything that adds a shield , but not health does not increase the calculation for maximum hp . this design choice allows the developers to change the power level of abilities and items in a more granular manner .
you get more uses . according to the minecraft wiki article on it , the formula is : floor ( item a uses + item b uses + ( max uses / 10 ) ) so not only do you save inventory space by combining ( "repairing" ) partially used tools , you actually get more uses out of the combined tool .
a chain cannot form if there is more than one open space between active runes or nodes . more info at the wiki : thaumcraft 4 crafting this is how it should look like .
as of gen v ( black/white ) , legendary pokemon encountered in-game have absolutely 0% chance of being shiny . shiny legendary pokemon are now only obtainable through events or hacking .
no , spec ops has its own leveling and unlock system . the leveling and unlocks in multiplayer are unrelated . in fact , i believe that there are some guns that are only in spec ops , and others that are only in multiplayer .
assuming you do not have any viable counter-attack plan with your current setup , you might want to consider retreating . in the advanced edition the flagship has to occupy the " base " for 3 consecutive turns before you lose . if you can visit a shop and trade a weapon for another that might do the trick . more likely there are some encounter beacons you have not completed or allowed the rebels to capture . these will give scrap . the best option , however , is reaching a repair station which in the advanced edition will give you scrap in addition to other benefits . if you truly will reach a deadlock , you will need to use some extra scrap to change your loadout . oh , and the best part about retreating ? they will have to hack all over again , and they might choose your sensors next time !
my solution was yet another one - i created a flood-fill map on the first run mapping positions to the direction towards the exit . this way , you only get calculation lag on the first move and all subsequent moves are fast , and the robot is guaranteed to make it without having to regenerate the maze .
it seems to be a bug for now . . .
you can learn a single power in the normandy medical bay . learning a new one will replace the old power . it costs 5000 credits . powers will be unlocked through dialogue with your companions . each has 2 powers to give , one generally unlocking fairly early and the other one significantly later . make sure to talk to them after a mission both on the normandy and in the various citadel districts .
according to one of the developers the only thing that changes with difficulty is monster behaviour in combat , aka the higher the difficulty the stronger or smarter the enemies get . quote : we have three difficulty settings that scale monster behavior in combat . on top of that there is old school mode which disables the auto map . we are also considering adding the permadeath option in a game update at some point but completing the game with this option would be very , very , very difficult i believe . source : legend of grimrock 's official forum
unfortunately , no there is not . ea has created the " head to head seasons " ( h2h-s ) game mode with many restrictions in order to keep the matches " fair " ( the more correct term would be " uniform" ) . therefore , when playing a h2h-s match , there are many game-play options that are " greyed out " or disabled for this reason . as another example , ea does not allow the player to switch back to legacy defending ( the old type of defending from previous fifa games ) in h2h-s . i guess ea has deemed that controlling the keeper is not a fair option to exercise in a match ( which i agree with honestly- the keepers become ridiculously overpowered when you control them ) . hope this helps !
as of version 1.0.1 you can use the command-line parameter /dx9 to force the game to directx 9.0c mode and fix the crash . using the command-line parameter all versions create a shortcut for banished 64-bit executable ( application-steam-x64 . exe for steam version ) edit the shortcut properties and add /dx9 to the end of the " target " field : steam only banished > properties > set launch options add /dx9 to the field shown : notes this does not save the setting and will only use it as long as the parameter is present . removing the parameter will revert to the default setting ( which can be the same ! ) similarly , you can use /dx11 to force the game to use directx 11 .
here is a similar thread on 2dboy forum : http://goofans.com/forum/world-of-goo/support/2460 well , currently it is not possible to transfer save files but when gootool 1.1 come you will be able to transfer files . hope i helped
most games i will have roughly 1-2 units per city when i do not expect to declare war , located near the border of the civs i expect might declare war on me , dependent on tech level and whether i went for tradition ( tradition means up to 1 more unit per city due to no upkeep ) . when i begin plans to attack , that increases to around 2.5 units per city , and i use about 80 percent of my units during the war keeping the others at home . in general with regards to ranged versus melee , you should frequently build 3-4 melee total , and have everyone else be ranged . melee is inferior in civ5 , its mostly for taking cities and hit/run with cavalry . build more melee when you have tech advantage or a uu , but you will virtually always want 50+ percent of your army to be ranged . i play on king/emperor , but tactics transfer well down difficulties .
i was reading bf3blog . com and official dice press releases for like half a year , as well as battlefield . wikia . com and some twitter feeds of their devs , plus i spent approximately 100 hours in multiplayer , and i have never seen/heard about ammo boxes causing any damage to anything . i would post this as a comment , but sorry , not " mature " enough .
according to this post in the borderlands wiki , all of moxxi 's weapons return 2% of damage back as health . the rubi is much higher ( 12% ) , in case you were wondering .
after doing a bit of research , it seems that these combinations actually do have an in-game effect . what i noticed is that " good " character combinations light up more dots next to the three icons seen above the team name . i tried playing a few matches against myself in order to figure out just what each of these icons mean ( since , surprisingly , that is not written in the game manual ) and was very happy to see that someone has done that work for me : . . . the first icon is a measure of how much extra damage your team ultimate jutsu does . i believe 6 dots is a full bar of damage . the second bar is a measure of how much faster your support characters can be used again . i am not sure exactly how much faster it is . however , if you try out the kakashi and minato combo ( which has 6 dots in this category ) since only selecting one support already lets you use that support character 2x as much , your gonna get to call minato every other second ! the third and last column , is a measure of how fast your team gauge charges . every time you call your support character in , this gauge charges a little ( this is constant ) . when ever your support characters successfully hit or preform their secondary roll ( such as shuriken support for balance , combos and hit backs for attack types ) the bar charges more ( i am not sure how the defense type gets more gauge though ) . how much more gauge they get from this is based on this stat . if you have the lee/guy combo ( which is 6 dots in this category ) . every time guy hits with his attack , your gauge charges a half of one bar ! meaning if you hit with him four consecutive times , then you get you team ultimate ! . . . so it seems that picking meaningful character combinations is a good idea , as it will give you a definite edge when using your support .
from minecraft wiki 's page on the nether : . . . under the lava ocean , there is a layer of nettherack 1 and bedrock on the very bottom . similarly , the very top of the nether is bedrock . 1 or bloodstone basically , going up or down either way leads to bedrock .
it is not your ftl speed , but the rate your ftl charges at while in combat . http://ftlwiki.com/wiki/systems#engines Upgrading improves dodge chance and the rate that your FTL drive charges  faster charging is useful when you want to get out of a sector sooner without fighting .
loot won in a clan war is automatically stored in the clan castle at the end of every war . this includes dark elixir . war loot cannot be spent until it has been collected , and if you collect the loot without a dark elixir storage you will lose it . the dark elixir will stay in your clan castle until you collect it , or until its raided . i recommend you read this page from the wiki which gives you more detailed information on clan castles . the miniature gold , elixir and dark elixir storages on top of the clan castle represent where the war loot is stored after a war has ended . you can see these in the following picture of a level 2 clan castle : source
i went ahead and decompiled it . spoiler alert ! the following entries are unlocked when achieving the corresponding level : 5:"dungeonsandexploring " , " enchantments " 10:"armormage " 15:"bosswaterguardian " , " rituals " , " inlays " , " inlays_structure " 20:"armorbattlemage " 25:"bossearthguardian " 35:"bossairguardian " 45:"bossarcaneguardian " 55:"bossnatureguardian " 65:"bosswinterguardian " 75:"bossfireguardian " there are also a few other unlocks : when you use chalk for the first time when you cast your first spell when you learn summon , true sight , or binding in the oculus hope that helps someone else .
i think they are just there . sometimes atrus will write a world that has no-one in it at all , sometimes he writes a world where he finds a native population . while it could be argued that people migrated to the older d'ni books , the ones that atrus writes could not have this migration . also , the world where atrus meets catherine is written by atrus ' father ( if i remember correctly ) . there are no d'ni around at the time to populate it , so how did they get there ? i think each world is a unique and independent eco-system , meaning that life is bound to pop up on its own . the way the books are written it seems like they are simply linking in to an already existing world , so therefore life would already be evolving . i dont remember there being a definitive answer to this , it is one of those things you are either supposed to figure out yourself , or there is no answer ! thats my opinion on it anyway .
no your old account will be the same . this is going to be a completely new account , where you have limits ( of the starter account ) . i have tried this a while ago , for the same purpose . did not work as i wished =/
so far i have discovered : combo multipliers : you get a multiplier increasing , as long as you tap without missing , and you tap one new block in the next 2 seconds after tapping one . so far , i do not manage to find the logic behind the actual number of cubes for the multiplier steps , but here goes for the first ones : 2x : 12 cubes 3x : 26 cubes 4x : 42 cubes 5x : 61 cubes etc . . . " clear screen bonus " - what it says on the tin . clear your whole screen of cubes and you will get some coins as a bonus . the amount is equal to the score you earned on clearing those cubes in the first place ( including the bonus from the multiplier ) , multiplied by 10 .
frag grenades are on a timer , and explode after several seconds , regardless of the surfaces they contact or where they roll . the advantage of the frag is that you can bounce it off of surfaces , and therefore you can do indirect damage to enemies that are around a corner . you can also get a bit more distance between you and a target , as they will bounce and roll on flat terrain . plasma grenades stick to surfaces , and then detonate shortly afterwards . this can make them good against enemies that tend to dodge when grenades are thrown at them . if you connect with the throw , it is a guaranteed hit , and in most cases a guaranteed kill . however , without the ability to bounce , they are a bit shorter range and can not be used as effectively for indirect fire . pulse grenades are the new promethean grenade type . when thrown , they detonate when the hit a surface . however , they will spend several seconds creating a shield- and health- draining sphere with a fairly limited radius . it is about as tall as a spartan , elite , or knight . after a couple of seconds , they explode , doing significant damage . since they are a bit more area-of-effect and damage-over-time , they are good for when you know you have an enemy pinned or stunned . the sphere 's area of effect also slows vehicles caught within it .
so i asked at gog forums and i finally got nice answers . here is the best , by the user malcolmmasher : in might and magic 1-2 , party order is very important , because some of the party will be in range to use melee weapons against the monsters , but typically not all of it . in might and magic 3-5 , the two party members furthest to the left are relevant to the bash command , but i do not think party order matters in any other way . so put the characters with the best might on the left side . in might and magic 6-9 , party order does not matter at all ( except that , yes , when the leftmost character uses an arrow/spell it will start from the left area of the screen , and so on . )
it is buy once use forever , once you buy them they will always be available to you in your arsenal of extremely deadly plants .
yes you can save the first woman , i was wondering the same thing so i restarted the checkpoint and did it faster . i managed to save her but she said nothing , just sat there weeping . later on i managed to save the woman with kids ( which is probably scened and had to happen ) . other than that i have not found more civilians , feel free to expand .
on the mission launch screen , there is a little speaker icon by each players name . . . it is red if they have no mic , blue if they do have one . when someone is talking it is blue with sound waves coming off of it . get them talking before the mission launches , mute them there and you should be good to go !
brawl does not allow you to use the d-pad for movement if there is a control stick available ( on any controller , classic or otherwise ) . there are legitimate reasons for this ; using the d-pad instead of a control stick will gimp your controls slightly . i believe this also has to do with how the control maps are coded - because up , down , and side are different functions in non-wiimote alone setups , you can not " merge " the whole thing into " movement " and " jump " . ( they had to carve up a few mechanics to squeeze the game into the d-pad anyway , it gimped parts of the game engine itself . ) it is the exception ; the control stick is the rule ( and indeed the crux of the series ) . of course there are probably hacks for this , but i do not know any offhand .
make sure you have the latest patch , then try the high precision mode , as described here : http://kotaku.com/5271701/how-killzone-2s-patch-can-change-your-controls
the best way i have found is to go to steamgamesales and sort by Savings . i am not sure how often it updates , but it looks up to date . this site also includes sales from other websites besides steam which provide steam keys .
you can reprocess it into tritanium at a ridiculously useless ratio , but that is about it . it is pretty much the equivalent of " useless junk " in other mmos .
if you are talking about this boss : then the easiest strategy would be to stay as far as possible from it , because once it gets near you , it curls up into an invincible ball , making it impossible to kill . ( note that there is a certain distance where it curls up into a ball , just stay out of that range . ) also , you could unload your bombs and powerups on the boss ( especially with the micro-rockets ) when its at long range , sometimes i can down one of these spider bosses in the first 10s when it appears by unloading 1 micro-rocket powerup and just constantly shooting it at range .
the issue i see is ( especially on smp ) mobs are loaded before blocks ( last experienced this on 1.2.4 ) so they move before the walls/blocks load . i have lost many a chicken this way . also this is made worse on smp as the chunks are loaded/unloaded much more often . edit : should have mentioned , there is a fix for this in the next release , but until then , the only way is to stay with your birds at all times . edit 2: the only fix i can recommend is to replace all the wood with glass and hope for the best , as you are on smp i would also hide this whole thing in case it is a chicken hunter , not a bug killing them .
throw a regular ping onto him so your mid/bot ( maybe top ) know that he is there . do not engage the buff monster ( btw -- always fight these monsters in the bush so you get a heads up invades , sounds like you know this already but just in case ) . this plays out in one of a few ways : 1 ) he overextends and tries to fight you and your allies come and kill him with you . 2 ) he overextends and tries to fight you and you 1v1 him because you are stronger , he leaves and has to base and is now behind potentially . 3 ) he fights you but you are weaker and no allies respond to your pings because you are in silver -- disengage . if he attempts to steal your buff , you fight him and it is a 2v1 and you win . under no scenario do you let him take the buff for free , even as a weaker jungler if it is just him , you go for the 2v1 + smite steal attempt . 4 ) he attempts to take buff , you counter him as in #3 , then he leaves , then you start the buff , then he comes back . this is the trickiest of them all -- i would highly recommend not starting the buff unless your mid came and scared him off for good . if not , you should time your smite + most powerful ability to finish the killing blow , so he cannot simply smite steal if he has or gets vision 5 ) you are doing a buff , and he gets the jump on you and kills you or takes your buff . you either were unlucky ( low % ) , or you failed to time your smite+killing blow ability properly , or , most critically bad of all , you did not pull a buff monster into a bush . 6 ) if you are a jungler with a ward ( i.e. . aatrox ) , you can make this trivial by warding a path to your buff / his escape route and know for certainty if you can take the buff or not . if he does not see your ward , you can use this to spam assist pings and get your allies to come secure the kill for you .
turn your pip light on and off , if that doesnt work , wait for it to be patched .
the game looked fun and i wanted to read some info about how to begin and such . and i think i found your awnser in this guide : http://guidescroll.com/2013/04/warframe-essential-beginners-tips/ corpus mission tips if you find your way blocked by a laser barrier , there is most likely one or more security cameras around that detected a hostile target . look for green ( non hostile cameras ) or red ( hostile camera detecting your or your teammates ) on the ceiling nearby and destroy them to shut down the barrier . tiplet : if you cannot find the security camera , move the whole team somewhere to try to get out of the camera’s detection . then either make a dash for it or try to deduce where the cameras are . also , it is possible to bypass an active laser barrier by using some powers ( from wiki : excalibur‘s “slash dash , ” rhino‘s “rhino charge , ” loki‘s “invisibility , ” and trinity‘s “link“ ) or sometimes by sliding ( though not very reliable for the beginner ) this is how it looks when it has not detected you : when it has detected you it will glow red and follow your movement .
ohai ! srs internet spaceship captain , here ! eve is ultimately a game about setting your own goals and taking satisfaction in achieving them . nothing else matters . not your killboard score , nor the amount of isk in your wallet , not even your spaceship fame . not unless you make them your goals . and believe me , those are the really boring ones . on goals themselves , there are two broad and inaccurate categories for them : in-game and meta-game goals . former would include anything that somehow affects the gameworld - accumulate x isk , build a corp with y members , etc . latter would include visiting every system in the cluster , collecting one of every item ( looking at you , entity ) in the game , figuring you what the heck is the big sleeper mystery or learning everything there is to learn about every game mechanic , effectively becoming an living eve encyclopedia . imo , metas are much more interesting , but to each their own . again , i want to reiterate the importance of taking satisfaction in achieving your goals . this should give you some ideas .
as of patch 3.7 , may 2013 , the game now officially supports item sets . you can define sets of items in the launcher , and use these in-game at the shop . you can define multiple sets , multiple categories per set , and any number of items per category . for each item set , you can specify what champions and maps it appears on , or set them to appear globally . in-game , you click on the recommended tab to access a drop-down list which will have all the item sets available to that champion for that map . if you specify an item set to be specific to a champion , it will default to that item set when you first visit the shop . once in-game , if you select an item set through the shop , it saves that item set selection in Config/game.cfg under [ recommendeditems ] , and the next time you play that champion on that map it will show the item set by default . the item sets are currently stored client-side in RADS/projects/lol_air_client/releases/*highestVersionNumber*/deploy/bin/preferences/*username*.properties . if you play on multiple computers , simply copy this file to copy your item sets . they have plans to move them sever-side in the future , so you will eventually have access to them from any computer . they have also hinted that they may be adding import/export functionality , to share your item sets more easily .
the reason this is happening is that the wii 's signal output is analog . with newer tvs , i.e. most lcd screens , the input is digital . there is a significant delay ( on the order of 4-10 frames , depending on the tv ) when converting from analog to digital . this is the reason you will see dozens of crts at venues for tournaments for older games like ssbm - the lag when playing on lcd screens is unacceptable . to solve the problem , anything you can do to reduce the processing the tv has to do will help . any settings that enhance the picture quality should be disabled for best results - ironically , this means that if your tv has a ' game mode ' to disable it , because ' game mode ' enhances the contrast and colour which is generally considered better for games .
here 's a video walkthrough of 3-11 through 3-15: http://www.rovio.com/index.php?page=angry-birds-walkthrough-videos#3_11_15 direct link to just that video
based on numbers of kills ( 10 and 25 man combined ) it looks like the progression path is like follows : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear there is more heroic stone guard kills than normal grand empress shek'zeer and sha of fear kills . this could be because it is easier than the 2 bosses on normal or because it has been out longer . but it looks like it is around the time you are missing one of thous bosses on normal you should start on heroic . most guilds will push for kills in the order that the bosses occur in , so the list will of course also reflect that ( since it is ordered by number of guilds that have killed the boss ) , and the team composition you have available may also affect your preferred path . for 10 man only kills the list is changed a bit : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear
a bus station can only accept and supply passengers . to accept mail , or any other goods , you will need to build a lorry station . bus and lorry stations can be part of the same station complex , so building a lorry station in an adjacent square will allow the station complex to accept mail and passengers , but mail vehicles will only go to the lorry station and passenger vehicles to the bus station .
yep , the m key will bring you right to the loadout screen for the class you are currently playing as .
its possible to do it with an imported me2 save , i just did it recently on a new playthrough . i did not check to see what my rep was at the time , but all i know is i was able to choose the paragon option . also , you may want to consider going back to redo this choice if you can : in order to persuade the illusive man at the end of the game you will need to have passed every paragon/renegade check in the game with him , this one also counts .
right now the horse only gives you speed for a gameplay improvement , but in next versions now that the fight system is corrected , it will increase your damage and we are planning to give the horse a complete set of different upgrades !
at the moment , there is no quick way to ready up when playing on the xbox 360 .
when smelting ores ( not dusts or processed materials ) you will receive a nugget for that ore . this also works on meat ( cooking chicken will give chicken nuggets ) i am not sure on the chance but i believe its around 25% , but when you add all of the arcane bellows to it that you can ( one on each hole on the side ) , it not only becomes faster and uses less aura , it also increases the reward chance to something like 90% . one thing i should mention is although the description says its " free " it is far from it ( in thaumcraft 3 anyway . in thaumcraft 4 it is free , as explained in the comment ) . it uses aura from the atmosphere in order to smelt , so if you are using it as a primary furnace and smelting a lot . i suggest getting some aura generation items around otherwise that area will become a painful area .
no , as near as i can tell resource coverage does not affect load/unload speed . resources at a station naturally degenerate over time , so to get a higher% of hauled production , you need to have one vehicle loading at the station all the time . for part 2 of your question in one of my games , i had a station cover two coal mines with just 1 square on each , and i still transported 91% of the production . however , one thing that does affect load/unload speed seems to be the station itself . if your train , for example , is longer than the track it seems like it takes longer to load/unload . also , all the cars on the train load simultaneously , so 10xoil tanker train will load more oil per ' tick ' than a 5xoil train , but it takes approximately the same amount of time for both trains to reach 100% capacity ( assuming enough oil at the station and it is long enough to accommodate both trains ) .
according to the tf2 wiki . . . the strange quality was introduced alongside the über update , available through unboxing a series 19 and onward crate . they have a kill count that shows the total amount of kills obtained with the weapon . the items will have their default name changed dependent on how many kills the weapon has . for instance , after getting ten kills the weapon will change from ' strange ' to ' unremarkable ' . renaming a strange weapon hides its prefix , even if it levels up after that . it appears that it will keep the kill count , the name will simply stop updating .
the inferno armor is a " complete set " armor , ( so you can not mix and match armor pieces ) which is only available to purchase . kassa fabrications stocks it for 50,000 credits , or you can buy it off the terminal in the normandy 's shuttle bay for 10% more .
the elcor homeworld of dekunna is in the silean nebula , in the phontes system . i see that you have found oltan - oltan is actually a satellite of dekuuna , so it should be right there . if you found the elcor asset there , you are in the right place - the ships you are looking for are apparently on oltan , actually . ( it is even possible you already found this one without realizing it , maybe ) more at the mass effect wiki .
if you look at the top of the fence , there is an electrified wire supplying it with electricity . follow that to the source , turn it off , and then you can just climb over .
yes . each sector generates with a different possible number of stores , like so : civilian sectors ( civilian/engi/zoltan ) each have 2-3 stores . hostile sectors ( pirate/rock/rebel/mantis ) each have 1-2 stores . nebula sectors ( slug/uncharted ) each have 1-2 stores . the last stand has one store and you probably will not have time to find it .
all you need is the game , internet and xbox live gold membership . to start it , click " xbox live " in the main menu . - click custom games or quick match to join someone else 's game . pick the match you want to join and then it will ask you to choose your character . everyones matches to choose from will be labeled by what level character they are and what quest they are working on . - click create game to start a game with your character .
are you at least a novince swimmer ? because if you are not dabbling or untrained swimmers will start drowning immediately upon contact with water , and require a ramp or stairway to get out . if neither are accessible , they are done for . ( emphasis mine ) if you are , you should be able to alt-move above . to get out , alt-move carefully against a shoreline and select the option to move above . from : dwarf fortress wiki : df2010:swimmer
some of the non-monster books that i have read have added options to my dialogue . it will give me an option that directly refers back to the book that i read . i remember one conversation with dethmold in chapter 2 on roche is path where an extra dialogue option was given based on a book . however , i have never received an ability or stat bonus from reading a book .
certain contract quests require a specific amount of knowledge before you are allowed to complete them . from that , you will receive rewards/experience once you turn in these contract quests . and , as you mentioned , reading the books allows you to obtain the knowledge more quickly than killing a large number of that specific species . you will also receive some helpful advice like which sword or spell works best with that specific monster .
levelled rewards scale with your character level ( i.e. . , the level you are when you first receive it ) rather than scaling with a skill . the nightingale armor does have 3 levelled variants , so if you are a higher level when you receive it , you will get the stronger version . once you get it , however , it will not change , even as you grow in level . armor in general scales with your light armor skill , but this only increases the armor rating , never the enchantment ( which is where the levelled rewards differ ) .
bots are available in two flavors : beginner and intermediate . this is the only thing that affects the difficulty of the bots in game . bots do not scale vs summoner level , though rewards for beating them do .
do not do this ! it is bad , bad , bad ! even by adding struts as per @char1es ' answer , your rocket still is not structurally sound . the reason for this , as i have said before in other answers , is that the topology of a ksp rocket is in the form of a tree . this means that only one of the stack decouplers is attached to the bottom quad coupler . the result is that the other three are left " floating " , and have no problem clipping through the other parts of the rocket . no , what you want to be doing is using a single rocket with similar thrust and specific impulse to the combined 4 rockets . for the second stage , i would hazard a guess that the skipper is probably what you want , while for the upper stage you probably want an lv-909 . as an aside , if your rocket can not support its own weight on the launch pad , it is not going to survive launch . if there is significant flex without it even moving , you may have done something evil , and at the very least something immoral . there are usually better approaches than doing stuff that is evil and/or immoral .
you can buy it in the forge for 5 million candies once you visit the castle .
a toast is what shows up whenever you earn an achievement . it flashes the achievement name across the bottom of the screen . if you find them distracting , you can disable them with a menu option .
you can join any quest in your current difficulty if you are invited or joining through the friends list , though there are requirements for stepping up in difficulty - you must have killed the previous difficulty 's last boss , and meet a level requirement for the difficulty : level 25 for nightmare level 50 for hell level 60 for inferno public games have a stricter level requirement , and require you to have reached that quest .
equipment gray / white ( not worth to collect ) just sell them on the npc . blue ( in high difficulties is not so worth to collect , better keep farming for rares ) you can create craft-items , but only if you want to craft something . low level blues have a good value in hardcore ah . also blue amulets can be sold on ah if they have great statistics like 160 dex . but in general , the best thing to do is to sell them to an npc . rare / legendary ah is the best way for them , put low prices to sell fast , if you have lots ( remember , only 10 items at a time ) . a good way to farm gold is get quest rewards and farm rare and champions mobs in high difficulties . so , get in inferno and start farming .
unfortunately not . i have had a good route through the menu 's and it seems that this feature ( along with many others ) is not present in simcity 2013
to charge your suit in space engineers , go to a healing station 's terminal and hold T obviously , you have to be producing energy in order to charge it .
you can use the bug report forums : us forum , eu forum .
by the look of the comments , on the provided links , they all should work extending the kinect cable . super cheap cable : had to wait until the kids opened the kinect at xmas and was nervous this would not work as the " official " kinect cables are ridiculously overpriced . but this cable with it is extra length i needed to hook this from xbox to kinect worked flawlessely . standard cable : for people people who are wondering , this cable works great with the kinect ! so it is pretty much up to how much you are willing to spend , as they all should work just fine .
it depends on the game . there are many drm free games on steam , ( e . g . gnomoria and in fact most games from " arcen games " and some paradox titles ) which will run without launching steam when copied outside the steam folder . and many more do not utilize ceg ( which means custom executable generation ) , which is the name of the system you are asking about . if a game chooses to utilize ceg , then yes , a custom binary is generated for every customer , no matter which operating system you use . you can find it out if such a binary is protected or not by using a hex editor , however it requires a lot of reverse engineering which is a bit out of the scope of this site . ( and to be honest , i am not a cracker , so i can not really tell you and if i would , it would be very wonky on the legal side of the matter ) how it works the steamworks ceg system generates a custom binary for each customer . when you link your application with the steamworks ceg , we provide you with several tools that you use to generate metadata about your executable file . this metadata is stored on the steam 3 drms server . when a user installs your game , the drms server collects information from the customer 's computer that uniquely identifies it . the collected information is used in combination with the metadata regarding your executable file to generate a custom binary , that checks that it is running on the user 's computer . if the user changes the configuration of their computer such that the ceg checks would fail to identify the computer , the ceg system will automatically generate a new executable file for the user , and update their game installation . these checks occur whenever your game is run , regardless of whether the computer is connected to the internet or not . in addition to examining the user 's computer , the ceg system will detect tampering with the executable file , and will conceal its workings from reverse engineering source ( scroll to bottom )
you can play on whatever server and region you choose . once you are there , you can create five characters on that server . that is it . you can not have multiple characters on multiple servers . you can transfer from a server to a different server in a different region at any time &mdash ; for a cost . that is what the game tells you when you join a server for the first time , anyway . i am in italy and have played the free weekend on a us server . i never felt lag getting in my way , but then again i kind of suck at mmorpgs . . .
the answer to both of your questions is yes . when you import your save to steam , it deletes anything in the steam version that you have already done . now keep in mind that it only imports the kongregate version , if you were playing at the actual site you need to go to kongregate first and import your save from the original game , then import your save from kongregate to steam .
that part of the tutorial seems to be currently broken . in a recent version ( v1.09 ) , selecting map modes changed . what you are supposed to do is to click on the + button : which will show the various map modes that you can use ( independent realms is the second button with the image of a shield ) : but doing this does not work in the tutorial right now . i think you will have to skip the rest of this tutorial and continue with other tutorials . ( there is a ▶ button for that in the lower left corner . ) this bug has already been reported by other players .
if you are within the range of the breath attack , meaning from the dragons mouth to the edge of the cone , you will take the same amount of damage . the only way to take less damage is to not be within the breaths range , meaning you are not being hit and thus take no damage .
you are at the ideal area to start using hexes , you may or may not have met with felkin , the hooded man sitting on a chair just before the first bonfire . he specialises in hexes . i would put at the very least 20 in both faith and intelligence , this is because if you have 20 or more faith + intelligence , not only will he trade you some amazing hexes , he will also give you his set ( hexer set ) and the sunset staff . the staff is great , arguably one of the best . my personal favourite is the black witch 's staff ; very high damage and can be used as both a talisman and catalyst . in regards to stat distribution , i am a lover of maximising my damage first . for this reason i would go for this : vgr - 16 end - 15 vit - 4 ( default ) atn - 16 str - 9 ( default ) dex - 16 ( default ) adp - 6 ( default ) int - 30 fth - 30 for your end game , it depends on whether you want to integrate any kind of melee and what spells you wish to cast . many of the very strong spells require very high stats , especially intelligence focused ones , if you want to stick to hexes , they do not require very high stats . for example , the spell great resonant soul is ridiculously strong but only requires 13 int and 26 faith . the black witch 's staff is capable of doing a decent amount of damage because of the very high scaling when using it in melee , so you may decide to be a completely dedicated caster and use the staff in melee when you must . your final stat distribution at sl150 may look something like this : vgr - 30 end - 15 vit - 4 ( default ) atn - 30 str - 9 ( default ) dex - 16 ( default ) adp - 18 int - 40 fth - 40 keep in mind that there are plenty of suggested builds and stat distribution guides out there , this is just my own personal one . you may wish to search for more and see what suits you best .
hopping with vertically aligned boats or minecarts .
in order for an ocelot to become tamed , you must feed it while it is walking toward you .
yes . try rolling with the beam .
you can only train 5 skill levels per ( character ) level . so if you are level 10 and train destruction at a trainer you can train 5 times . then you have to get to level 11 to be able to buy skill levels at a trainer . that is the only restriction i know of ( being lvl 62 atm ) .
besides the minimalist aesthetic , the game is incredibly short , so presumably they expected people to complete most , if not all , of it in a single sitting and thus did not provide a means to " save and quit " . instead , journey auto-saves at the end of each " level " and there is no option to save at will or more frequently . this is similar to other thatgamecompany titles like flow and flower . so you do not have to worry about making sure you quit a specific way : just quit using the playstation xmb .
you can not manually split a stack of items unfortunately . the game will always try to stack all your items as you pick them up into a single stack if possible . if what you are picking up will not fit in the current stack or you do not have any of that item , it will create a new stack . you can " cheat " this a bit . first find the item you want to put into a new stack . before picking it up , give the rest of what you have in the existing stack to your pet and then pick it up ( or go the other way around and have your pet pick it up ) . as long as you do not take it back from the pet or give up what you have , your stacks will be split . you could also just drop the stack as well to achieve the same thing . but once merged , you are stuck with that stack until you sell it or fill it up . i know , it is a pain , but that just the way it is .
it is really great to know people are still playing smac ! : ) strategywiki contains a standard version of tech tree , with linked articles on facilities , units , and government types . this smax faq is also a great resource to get familiar with . another thing is that you should not look at tech tree as something ultimate . depending on a faction you play , you should focus on different techs research order . civgaming contains some great suggestions , let me just list the major ones : unless playing hive and morgan , your goal is instant pop booming . so researching ethical calculus and planetary networks is almost an ultimate goal ; if your strategy is builders , industrial automation is a must to build supply crawlers ; unless one of your opponents are university , try researching secrets of the human brain as it gives an early free tech ( zak often researches it first ) ; your social economics settings , in a combination with faction profile , also highly impacts on what to research first ;
there are four disadvantages to going to a state of some confusion/the royal bethlehem hotel : all of the normal storylets there have a chance of damaging your four main qualities ( watchful , etc . ) . most of the opportunities do not damage your four main qualities . there are a few that can , and once you learn which ones they are , you should be able to avoid them . the auto-fire ( red-bordered ) cards are entirely good : all decrease your nightmares , and a few will give you a minor item or quality increase . on exiting the place , you lose 5 change points of each recurring dreams of . . . quality . they are uncommon to pick up in the first place , so it is a pain to lose some of that progress . ( it is about 5 cards ' worth of progress . ) all of your normal opportunities are discarded . they will probably come around again , but it can be a pain if you have been trying to hold onto a card or two . there is very little to gain in a state of some confusion . you can pick up a little walking the fallen cities and perhaps a few relics of one of the cities , but you are going to spend most of your actions simply decreasing your nightmares , at a rate of 1-3 change points per action . this is much slower than drinking laudanum , but at least it is free . on the other hand , if you have any memories of light , then you will go to the mirror-marches ( a . k.a. parabola ) instead . it has most of the same disadvantages as the state of some confusion , with three main differences : there are no ways to damage your four main qualities . there are more ways to gain a little more nightmares ; sometimes through a failed luck check , sometimes through choosing particular storylets . again , you will figure out which ones these are and avoid them . instead of losing 5 change points of every dreams quality , you lose 10 change points of the single quality having recurring dreams : is someone there ? once you hit nightmares 5 , you will see a new opportunity card that you can not discard : the merry gentleman . greeting him will increase your nightmares , and ignoring him has a chance of decreasing your nightmares by one change point . spending fate/nex on the merry gentleman , along with the gift of a diamond , can eliminate your nightmares entirely . the merry gentleman , then , will either clog up your hand , or ( very slowly ! ) increase or decrease your nightmares . at nightmares 6 , you will also see a different set of dreams cards , that increase your nightmares significantly ( about 3 change points ? ) and do not give you any dreams qualities , which also can not be discarded . once you hit nightmares 5 , getting to nightmares 8 will happen much faster if you are not careful . there are not any other disadvantages , so if you can put up with the above troubles , going mad is not a serious problem .
its most likely 50% as i lost with 47% and did not get a crystal and with 54% i did . it would seem logical that they would put it right in the middle but for some reason i thought it be some weird percent and it would take me forever to figure it out . you can also gain crystals if you get defeated but you cause certain amount of damage to the opponent
yes it is quite possible to do this . the issue is the game mode will not be enforced until a map change occurs . so for instance entering the following in the console will give the desired effect : rcon_password fooBarBaz rcon game_mode 1 (classic competitive) rcon changelevel de_any  this will change the game mode and change the current level thus enforcing the new game mode . of note this is based on my nfo server config ( nuclear fallout hosting )
there are two parts to the hunger problem in nethack : gaining nutrition and reducing nutrition loss . under normal conditions , each turn , you lose one point of nutrition . you start with 900 nutrition , and start feeling hungry when you drop below 150 . at 0 , you will faint . starving to death happens at a negative value based on your constitution . nethack is a very complex game , so there are exceptions to most of the guidelines below , and other , more obscure ways of sustaining yourself , but these general principles are good guidelines . gaining nutrition comestibles . the most straightforward way to gain nutrition is to eat comestibles ( labeled as % - food , meat and corpses ) . the amount of nutrition you get depends on what you eat . early on in the game is often the riskiest time ; you may not start with much food . at this stage , it is normal to eat as many fresh , safe corpses as you can get your hands on . if you make it that far , there is guaranteed food in the sokoban levels , which are accessed somewhere between levels 6-10 . praying . praying while weak will restore your nutrition , but safe use depends on your current prayer timeout . also , using up your favour with your god could backfire if you have a sudden unforseen need ( e . g . you have gained a fatal illness like food poisoning , or are being turned to stone ) . convert boulders to food . as theist points out , you can convert boulders to huge chunks of meat if you have the stone to flesh spell . these are hugely nutritious ( 2000 points ) . reducing nutrition loss wear a ring of slow digestion . this is a great item , if you can find one . it changes your rate of nutrition consumption to 5% of your normal rate ( giving you twenty times as long to find food ) . as grace note points out in the comment below , this is because you are only paying the nutrition cost of the ring - your standard rate of consumption is halted . take off your rings . in general , you lose one nutrition every twenty turns for each ring or amulet you wear . rings of regeneration are particularly pernicious ; if you are wearing one , you will lose a point every other turn . drop your stuff . if you are stressed or heavier , you lose a point every other turn . do not cast spells . spellcasting makes you hungry ( unless you are a wizard with high intelligence ) .
yes , all bonus mana is kept , provided you are upgrading the tear into a staff , and not selling it or something crazy like that .
as far as my experience , backed by a search through the game manual , goes there is no way to neither bookmark any page or change the homepage of your phone browser .
everything i have read ( nothing official , but plenty of posts elsewhere ) suggests that you should be able to use your saves with a games on demand title . . . saved games are independent of the method used to play them , so just as you could play a game from a disc , later install it to your hard drive , and use the same saves in both places , you can purchase it through games on demand ( installing it to your hard drive ) and use the same save .
for a life per hit property , only the jar hit will give you life , and only at 16% of the listed amount of life . you may find this link illuminating : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5271499223
while the caravan/cargo ship does have a graphic that goes back and forth , the trade route gives food/production/gold per turn , not per graphical trip . i just tested the effects of distance in my current game ( all routes comes from the same port city ) . internal cities : i sent 2 cargo ships to cities in my own empire : city 1 is 10 hexes away , the trade route gives 9 production/turn , for 30 turns . city 2 is 21 hexes away , the trade route gives 9 production/turn , for 30 turns . so , distance does not effect how long internal trade routes lasts , or how much food/production you get ( from what i can see ) . foreign cities : i tested it with some cargo ships to foreign cities and city states : city 3 is 28 hexes away ( other civ ) , trade route lasts 28 turns city 4 is 29 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 29 turns city 5 is 40 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 40 turns city 6 is 42 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 42 turns it does effect the length of time that a foreign trade route remains active , the trade route appears to last 1 turn per hex of the trade route length . distance does not appear to influence the calculation of gold/turn with foreign cities . based on the trade screen , that is related to " difference in resources " , and the two cities local gold/turn generation . defence : distance will be a consideration in the defence of trade routes , because if a trade route is very long you will have more distance to protect from barbarians or enemies .
i made a spreadsheet that calculates annie 's burst damage . you can download the spreadsheet as an excel file or copy to another google spreadsheet if you have google drive . you will have to use paste special when pasting across spreadsheet . the spreadsheet is pretty self explanatory and easy to update while playing as you go back to buy items . all of the values to plug in are in the two sections enemy stats and your stats at the top of the spreadsheet . you can plug in your opponent 's max hp , mr , as well as your ap and your magic resist reduction stats . the burst damage is highlighted in a box , and there is a further breakdown of the damage below . for example , with the end-game build that domenik provided , against an opponent with 120 mr and 3000 hp you deal 2987.63 burst damage after resistances - their entire life total . wow that hurts . some assumptions : masteries are not taken into account , so if your opponent has bonus damage reduction or you have bonus damage , you will have to judge things by the situation . in all cases overestimate how tough your opponent is if you are looking for a clean kill . this assumes you level r > q > w > e , which is very practical for most annie games albeit not the most damage ( w outscales q , but q is necessary for farming ) . it is possible for you to update the spreadsheet and adjust the skill order if you want to . note i do not consider e at all , because your target should be stunned during your combo and will not be attacking you . this assumes you execute a perfect 4 second dfg-r-q-w-q combo . because q is on a 4 second cooldown , with a little cooldown reduction you can cast it twice before the damage boost from dfg wears off . even if your opponent flashes you should be in range for a second q given some good positioning . this also assumes that you can get 3 ticks of tibber 's passive damage , which is very reasonable . you might lose some damage here if your target flashes away from tibbers . this also assumes that tibbers does not auto attack your opponent , since in practice it is difficult to both combo and direct tibbers unless you are in a 1v1 situation . you can safely estimate auto-attack damage at 100-200 damage for the burst duration at any point in the game . since natural armor gain roughly scales with tibber 's auto damage and tibbers attacks pretty slow you can not expect much more from auto attack damage . i will add tibbers ' auto damage to the spreadsheet if people request it .
the following three species have the largest biomass values : ledon zoa - 35 ( 50 when on enriched terrain ) halid zoa - 20 ( 40 when on enriched terrain ) prax zoa - 40 ( requires acidic terrain ) you should be able get to the highest biomass level on meadow using only prax zoa and halid zoa using <a href="stackexchange-url plenty of compost . the level also contains phyta which only provide 5 biomass each , but will continue to grow in population so long as they are well fed , which should happen automatically if you have enough halid zoa producing seeds .
the big disadvantage of sprinting only happens when you do so into unknown space . sprinting into an area , only to uncover one or more " nests " of aliens is a quick way to get your face plastered onto the memorial wall . in most cases , you want to split your move up , just in case your first ' half ' of a move changes the tactical scene . there is one benefit to sprinting , though -- reaction fire takes a -20 penalty to aim against a moving target . it is not a benefit you will see often , but dashing into safety might be the best option if one of your squaddies is surrounded by hostiles , or being suppressed .
the amount of time spent in the hospital after being wounded depends on the amount of damage you take . this means that healing heavily wounded soldiers with a medkit before they leave the mission will not reduce the amount of sickleave your squaddies get -- what matters is how much they take in , not how much they leave with . how much damage they can take in without being wounded depends entirely on what armor they are wearing . armor provides bonus health - if they take more damage than the health bonus provided by the armor , they become wounded . this means that adding nano-weave vests to your soldiers reduces the chance they need hospitalizations , even after being shot , as it gives an additional 2 hitpoints worth of " fleshwounds " they can suffer . how much " bonus hp " your units have is shown on the loadout screen - for example , they will be displayed as hp 10 + 3 ( combat armor + nanoweave vest ) . in general , there is also an officer training school bonus that reduces hospital time . that said , the simplest answer to your question ? do not get shot . the more damage you take , the longer the time off . avoid damage as much as possible to minimize hospitalizations .
while from software did a great job with the new keyboard/mouse control system for dark souls 2 ( ds1 was absolutely atrocious ) they are still not quite there in the pc community . do not get me wrong , the game works brilliantly but thats beside the point . as far as i know , there is no way to bind keyboard to mouse controls in game . there is a menu that allows some controls for the mouse to be used on the keyboard but i doubt thats what you are looking for . if you happen to have a steelseries mouse you can actually bind keyboard keys to mouse buttons using the steelseries engine . i do not know if other companies have this , but this is the only way i can think of to be able to do what you are looking to do . ps : i forgot to mention that a wired ps3/xbox controller can be your best friend when playing any of the souls games . i bought one from a friends recommendation when i had just got ds1 on steam and that was a lot easier than trying to figure out the damn keyboard and mouse controls !
the delay is caused by two different factors . first , the television takes time to process the digital signal . second , the game takes time to recognize the sound being played . the latter delay is unavoidable , but the former can be reduced by adjusting your television settings . additionally , if the game knows exactly how bad the delay is , it can take that into account when determining whether or not you hit a note . this article may have information you find useful . from the article : here are some simple steps to get you on your way : use the in-game display lag correction to help your note highway come down faster or slower . the default is set to 50ms is most cases ! make sure your console is set up to match your tv’s native resolution , whether it’s 480i to 1080p . in kind , make sure your tv is set up to match your console’s native resolution . if your tv has a “pc” or a “game” setting , try activating that . often , these settings may auto-correct some unwanted lag across all your games , and not just rocksmith . if there are no pc/game settings on your tv , access your tv’s options menu and fiddle with the settings here . most prominently , image scaling and processing effects are going to be likely culprits . deactivate them and you’ll probably see improvement .
according to this reddit post , it is possible . this is the image that was posted as proof .
you probably know this already , but those players are attempting to complete the early quest spread the garlic love . there is currently no way to block these types of ' social ' player to player interactions globally , and given the nature of the game i doubt there will be one any time soon . instead , since this is a relatively early quest , you might want to simply avoid areas where new players start , or move to less crowded areas . other than changing your username to " stop kissing me " i doubt there will be a better way to prevent this , so i suppose you should just take this as part of the game 's humor and go along with it . the mood loss is fairly small anyway , and you will not suffer any penalty until your mood drops below the half way point .
protect/detect are essentially a " blank turn " , but end-of-turn actions still occur . here are several reasons protect/detect may be used : recovering hp if you are holding leftovers ( or similar set-ups like the move ingrain ) . opponent taking damage from a burn or poison . opponent taking damage from a weather condition . if the opponent is confused , there is an extra chance they could hurt themselves in confusion . protecting against two turn attacks like dig or fly . because those moves attack on the second turn you know they are coming and protect will work every time . in double/triple battles , you can avoid damage from teammates using moves such as earthquake or surf . if one or more non-protect moves are used between each use of protect/detect ( for example on alternate turns ) , they are guaranteed to work .
i would advise you to listen to the credits after the game has finished . and also to play the additional memories know as : Assassin's Creed Brotherhood - The Da Vinci Disappearance DLC the message of the alien seems to be intentionally cryptic . in the credits you can understand that desmond 's reality seems to be another simulation as technicians are talking about desmond going to shock . in the dlc : same technicians will clearly states that they acquired the wanted knowledge from desmond who has gone into a coma .
more often than not it is sabatoge , which is remarkably easy to do to the singularity . even so , this alone is a reason you or another engineer should regularly check on it to make sure it is okay . there is quite a few things that can go wrong . plasma tanks could be low , in whichc case you will need to replace them with new tanks , which you should be able to check with your pda shields could be lowered , either by accident or by sabatoge emitter could be broken , either by accident or sabatoge emission rate could be set too high ( it should be on , but always set to 0 ) containment could be compromised , usually by sabatoge but occasionally accidents can happen the darn thing could just grow too big the last point is one you will be wanting to check on about every 15 minutes or so . if it gets to a 4x4 size , then it has gotten too big and is in danger of breaking out of containment . you will want to turn the emitter off until it returns to a size of 3x3 .
being a fairly avid d2 player , i can tell you that it works in roughly the same way . just like in d3 , as you go up in difficulties , creatures become much stronger . in d2 , many of them gain immunity to specific elements , and the likelihood that you would encounter a unique ( yellow/gold monsters ) or pack of champions ( blue monsters ) is increased . additionally , uniques and champions have more modifiers when you encounter them ( similar to in d3 ) . in much the same way , the acts also scale in difficulty . in fact , blizzard did a very good job of making act 5 harder than act 4 of the same difficulty , but not so much that it was much harder than act 1 of the next . a lot of this comes from the fact that as you increase in difficulty levels , a lot of your stats are reduced . for example , in nightmare , all players suffer a -50% reduction to all resistances . additionally , life steal effects are cut to a quarter . when you go to hell , the player starts with -100% resistance ( yes , it was completely possible to have all negative resistances , which would , as you had expect , amplify damage taken from that source ) , and life steal effects were cut to 1/8 . another big spike in the difficulty was also mentioned above : the more common appearance of uniques and champions . in normal , it is unlikely that you will find more than 1 or 2 packs of uniques or champions in any given area ( for example , the stony field ) , excluding super uniques which always appear in the area ( like rakinishu , blood raven , bishibosh , etc ) . however , in nightmare , it is not unlikely that you will simply encounter 2 packs of uniques/champions at once . then you might have to deal with something like " cold enchanted , extra fast " at the same time as dealing with " lightning enchanted , multiple shot " . that , along with natural monster immunities ( for example , the entire fallen tribe becomes completely immune to fire damage in hell mode ) makes hell mode much more challenging than even act 5 of nightmare .
yes changing quests gives you all relevant waypoints up until that point . you usually run into them anyway so it is hard to skip them , even intentionally .
probably not , the logistic pipes mod itself has no method of uncrafting , and the only method i know off is the twilight forest uncrafting table , which requires experience to uncraft and can not be automated . if you find a different automatable way of uncrafting you can use the standard crafting logistic pipes to automate it into your logistic pipes network .
place redstone torches on north walls . redstone is quite easy to find deep underground and not required for much else . punch the ground directly beneath you . the break pattern is always the same relative to north . cheaper than torches , inlay the right-hand side of the floor with a dirt block every three squares . build wide main corridors which you can follow back when you find one . grow a tree farm . use the wood to make plenty of signs . design each area with its own character , so you can recognise them . identical corridors are a good way to get lost . place occasional markers , such as sand or wood . dig arrows into the wall pointing toward the nearest familiar spot . you can fill the arrow with dirt for extra visibility . create staircases upward occasionally . at the top , use excess stone to build a hut with a door and an observation tower . use this to travel back to your shelter by aboveground when completely lost . style your observation towers differently to use them as landmarks and build cobblestone roads between them .
here 's the changes that i was told by characters in the game or have observed so far : the slot in the quest selection screen will have the goddess insignia on it . you can skip almost all cinematic and dialog sequences keep all bugs and treasures from previous adventure some characters will acknowledge that you are playing in hero mode as they speak with you** what they say to you will change telling you what has changed or allowing you to skip some explanations . you lose hearts twice as fast as you normally do all hints are unlocked at sheikah stones maximum strength skyward strike always every skyward strike you perform will have the strength as if you had used the master sword , including the faster charge . after getting the actual master sword , charging is instantaneous . hearts and heart flowers no longer appear normally in the game* monsters , pots and other sources do not drop hearts anymore . you will have to heal by using potions , fairies , sleeping or sitting in chairs . *equipping the heart medal will provide a reduced chance for hearts and heart flowers of appearing . fi will remember how many of each type of monster you defeated from your previous adventure when fi analyzes a targeted enemy , the count will continue from where you left off . your high score at bamboo island and other places that keep records will remain from the previous adventure the boss rush challenge now includes the game 's final battle , in addition to the other eleven battles you could access in regular mode . you must have defeated the boss at least once before they are playable . beating the game this time around will allow you to save just before the final battle and you get a triforce icon in the quest selection screen . to all hardcore zelda fans out there , the game is a lot more challenging in this mode so it is definitely worth it to play through .
they disappear , so if you need the items , empty their " chest " first , before you let them join your crew . i tested it with an empty account .
shatter on steam stores your savegame in the steam cloud ; there is no need to backup your save .
i grabbed a new extracter and discovered that there are 79 territories in total . owning 56% of the map during the mid-game seems reasonable .
no it does not affect it in any way . minor loot ( money , ammo ) eventually disapears after so much other loot has appeared or if you have left the area , but dying does not downgrade loot , whether you die before or after beating the boss . nothing changes when you die except you lose money and all live enemies have their health reset to max ( in coop , all players in an area have to die for health to reset ) . also note that boss-drop rate for legendary/orange items is like 1% in borderlands 2 . and that is from the boss that drops the item ; it is far lower for all other bosses/chests . unique ( blue rarity + red flavor text ) guns are usually fairly common drops but only drop from a single specific boss . you are probably not getting significantly worse loot than anyone else . also note that dropped items or rarity green any up will stay in an area even after you have left ( for a time ) . it seems the rarer the item the longer it persists , but if you quit the game it is all gone of course . .
no . like with most japanese games , there are no english subtitles , because the game is marketed to the japanese audience ( who speak and read japanese ) . worry not ! the western localized version will have english subtitles and the ( original ) japanese voices , additional content , and dlc content . i can say for a fact that there are no english subtitles in the game . this is what the gameplay dialogue looks like : there are some intricacies and nuances the dialogues that would make an accurate english translation tricky . for the most part you can play through most of the game without needing decipher those ( japanese ) moonrunes . though there are some parts where you might get stuck , but that is what gamefaqs is for .
run up to the spider , and just as its leg is about to do the stomp animation run back . do this a few times and a bear trap will fall from a tree branch to the left . push the bear trap to the spider and do the same thing you did before ( wait for it to stomp and run away ) . position the bear trap so that it hits the bear trap . do this 3 times ( against 3 legs ) and you will beat it .
the blue wings represent the portion of your reputation that has come from paragon actions . conversely , the red star represents the portion of your reputation that has come from renegade actions .
that is the titular boy , from a boy and his blob , on the nes . here he is alongside his blob , i believe in the process of tossing the blob a jellybean : animated gif version of the toss on tumblr , for those interested
like fambida wrote in the comments , " data files that are not contained in an esp or esm file . " - an example would be some added/changed textures like this mod : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=193 -- basically a couple of . dds files
the magadjust of this game is just the damage listed that corresponds to the type of spell being cast , i.e. magic for sorceries , dark for hexes , and so forth . you will notice on staves that some of them have equal magic and dark damage and some of them are weighted more heavily toward one than the other . the same is true for chimes . that helps you know if the item is better for sorceries , hexes , miracles , or a combination of 2 or 3 of them . as far as what actually goes into the damage itself , it is a combination of the base damage as mentioned above , your int and/or fai depending on which school you are casting , and of course any reinforcements ( +1 to +10 ) you have done to your staff/chime . additionally , if you infuse faintstone/darkstone/etc to your staff/chime , you can add even more damage to the type of spell that applies to the type of spell you are trying to cast . that means you can make a staff weighted toward sorceries even more toward sorceries or you can more evenly weight it toward sorceries and hexes . as far as wearables go , there are pieces of armor/rings that : increase casting speed give extra attunement slots raise your int and/or fai by 1-5 points give you more castings at the cost of hp i do not know of any items that straight up give you raw spell damage like the oolacile crown did in dark souls 1 , but the +int items definitely make a difference . ultimately , they have made your catalyst operate a lot more like a " normal " weapon in dark souls ii . just look at the damage number for the type of spell you are trying to cast . also , pay attention to how well they scale for a given stat just like you would for any weapon . if there is an s under the int picture on the screen for scaling , it will eventually do more damage than a similar staff with an a for scaling even if it started with less base damage .
a way to do it is to get the vampirism skill tree . the fifth skill in that tree , transylvation , allows you to turn into a batty , which can fly over the water . you can then wait until the spell ends , and you will fall into the water , dying instantly . example :
for skill specific details this is fully covered at the guild wars 2 wiki on the page racial skills . the summary from there says : [ racial skills ] can be equipped on the five last slots of the skill bar , depending on their type . they may have various effects , such as condition removing or changing to a bear form , but they are all projected to be fairly weaker than their counterparts from professions that are specialized in similar skills . each race has 6 skills . racial skills will be available from the beginning of the pve campaign skills in this portion of the bar are earned in a similar fashion as skills on the left . experience and quest completion will unlock them . the first skill is usually granted soon after starting the game and is the top skill in each race from the list below . as of pre-launch , these are the skills . click on each race for full details on the skill and how it can be used : asura utility pain inverter radiation field technobabble elite summon 7-series golem summon d-series golem summon power suit sylvari healing healing seed utility grasping vines seed turret elite summon druid spirit summon fern mastiff take root norn utility call owl call wurm elite become the bear ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the raven ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the snow leopard ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the wolf ( has auxilary sidebar ) charr utility battle roar hidden pistol shrapnel mine elite artillery barrage charrzooka ( has auxilary sidebar ) warband support human healing prayer to dwayna utility prayer to kormir prayer to lyssa elite avatar of melandru ( has auxilary sidebar ) hounds of balthazar reaper of grenth
the answer is , there are none . at least as far as i know , and i did search very very closely . i went to every corner , inspected every wall , jumped on top of the highest roofs , did my best to look at every angle and did not spot any chests at all . you only find those small boxes with money inside , and one of those usual " vault " secret sign which i think gave me a badass point .
you do not have to queue with the same people , but you can . if you choose a specific ( we will say gnomeregan ) you will get put into the queue for that specific dungeon . other players that queued up for " random " can be selected into your queue even though you queued up specific . the only downside of doing the specific is not receiving the bonus bag and experience . if you queue up for a random , you will eventually get the dungeon that is not complete on the current list of dungeons that are available at your level . this is the way i go since you get bonus loot and experience every time , however the choice is yours . : ) to tell which dungeons are your level , or can be selected in the random queue , open your dungeon finder ui and click specific dungeons . this will give the list of the possible dungeons you can encounter . not all level tiers have the following setup , some only have red/yellow dungeons : red - " hard " dungeon . a little above your current level . yellow - " medium " dungeon . currently at the right level . green - " easy " dungeon . a little below your current level .
yes , guests are taken into calculation online , they impact scores just like a normal player . me and my brother used to play mkwii online a lot , and when he finishes ahead of me , the points i get are calculated as-if a non-guest player finished ahead of me .
0 files in pk3 files  the game 's search path is incorrect , as you might have guessed . apparently , in your case , it is empty -- thus , no game files are found and the game cannot launch . since there is no configuration file i can find for the search path , i have to guess it looks in the current directory . cd into the game 's folder , launch it from there and then try again . after some chat discussion , we found out that you did not fully install the game , but only copied the ioUrbanTerror.app folder . at least a few other files are required : the q3ut4 folder ( which contains the actual game data ) and the qkey file at the very least are also needed .
you need to hit a monster to get the buff . you actually need to only hit the 3rd strike of the combo on the monster . i run with fot [ tc ] + dr [ foresight ] and combination strike passive . easiest is to start with 2 hits of fot ( +8% ) and then hit the dr button for the 3rd strike ( +8% +18% ) , you get all 34% extra dmg from first 3 strikes . then you hit sweeping wind and only need to use one of the spirit generators within 3 seconds from last strike to keep the 16% buff from combination strike of both spirit generators .
i usually go about this a few ways . play online and meet people . joining pubs is a good way to meet good gamers to play with visit the official forums of the game and see who is looking use something like steam or xfire to find groups of people who like the game . this can be community groups or sub-forums . if i find a server run by a group/clan and i am enjoying myself on it then i will usually check out their site . sometimes it leads to joining , other times it just leads to more friends to play with . hope this helps .
according to the minecraft wiki they should be killed either on contact with lava ( by burning ) or by immersion in water ( by drowning ) . so unless things have changed you need to either make sure that they touch the lava or fall into the water . then to make sure they can not jump out of the water you will have to make it deeper ( and possibly wider ) .
like so many things in league of legends , it depends upon and changes based on your team composition and the enemy 's team composition . if you have more poke than they do , just sit outside tower range and throw your poke abilities at them until they are so low that staying near the tower risks dying . this is generally the safest way to force an enemy team off of a tower and then you can kill it uncontested . another strat is to instantly clear their wave of minions just outside of tower range and then have your ranged carry get a few hits in every time your minion waves is tanking the tower . however , this requires an ad carry that is very good with positioning and understanding how to not get caught . generally you only want to go all in under a tower if you know it will results in good kills for your team . diving taric but losing your farmed vayne is a bad trade , for instance . other times you would go all in is if someone on their team makes an obvious overextension mistake and because of this you can kill them for " free . " taking down a damage dealer on their team allows your team to engage in more favorable terms - 5v4 , even under a tower , is still a pretty good fight to engage on . if you are fighting over a lane tower , teams will usually retreat to avoid the 4v5 fight and defend later . and , of course , there is the clg/hotshot strat : split push . this should generally only be done in a coordinated team setting . have a champ with teleport , strong pushing , and escape abilities push top ( for instance ) by himself , and the rest of the team can hover near a tower in bottom lane and force the enemy team to split themselves . when this happens , the person pushing top should teleport in and you can force a 5v4 engage to take the tower . importantly , try to never get hit by the tower unnecessarily . if there is not a minion wave there to take the initial agro from the tower , you should just stay out of range . there is almost no chance diving into a more well-equipped team with no minion support will work out in your favor , baron buff or no .
the enemies ( the game calls them " pests" ) get easier to deal with after you get one of the four upgrades . so , you can skip some rooms and come back to them later . or , the best strategy i have found so far is to just come into the room and quickly ( generally by teleporting ) try to turn on all the lights .
you need to send in a " combo " of two heros with yellow shirts . for more detail , see agent86 's answer at stackexchange-url
despite the mod being installed client side , somehow the server never received the extra utilities mod , which caused the issue .
the bug that allows you to reroll infinitely occurred again last night , so i rerolled a bunch of times and recorded the results for science™ ! here were my results over 826 rolls : &lt ; x> or &lt ; y> victories - win two games with specific classes : 450 = 54% beatdown - deal 100 damage : 98 = 12% destroy them all - destroy 40 minions : 79 = 10% 3 victories - win 3 games with any class : 199 = 24% i never once got a 60g or 100g quest , or several of the other 40g quests . therefore , i think it is safe to say they need to be unlocked somehow . the hearthstone wiki used to say you need 50 combined wins to unlock the other quests ( i currently have 24 ) , but that passage was deleted for some reason . [ edit ] upon winning my 27th game ( normal-wins , i have not tried arena yet ) , i am now able to get 60g and 100g quests . so a good guess is that you need 25 wins to unlock the quests . alternatively , a commenter pointed out that it could be related to how many quests i have completed . i did finish a few quests in the interim ( two "&lt ; x> or &lt ; y> victories " quests , and one "3 victories" )
there is only one functional atronach forge , underneath winterhold . i do not recall any reuse of the art assets for the forge elsewhere , but skyrim is a big place , so it is certainly possible that the model is sitting around in another cave that i have forgotten about .
transposers have three separate uses : picking up loose items from the environment ( e . g . in a mob farm ) , pulling items out of inventories , and acting as gates/valves for tube networks . sucking up items ( whether from an inventory or the environment ) is done one at a time via a redstone pulse and when not connected to a inventory items will be sucked up from within a 3x3 area around the input face when powered by a constant redstone signal the transposer will prevent any items from passing through . filters can function as either an advanced version of the transposer or as an inline filter in a tube network . in both cases you can use the filter 's internal inventory to determine what items ( and what stack size ) will be pulled out/allowed through and you can also choose to have all accepted items painted with a single colour . you need to be careful when setting up your tube network with a filter , as tubes will connect to the side of the filter and put items into its inventory . when pulling from an inventory the filter requires a redstone pulse just like a transposer , but when used inline no pulse is required . a constant signal will also prevent any items from passing through . the retriever is best thought of as a ' remote filter ' as its functionality is the same but with the benefit of not having to be attached to the source of the items it retrieves . this ability also has a downside , because of items in tube networks always going to the closest available inventory it is not guaranteed that an item requested by a retriever will end up passing through the retriever . additionally retrievers are the only one of the three blocks to require blulectric power to function .
i assume you are talking about the part where they have dispatched many belltower agents who are on constant alert . i found that liberally abusing the vents allowed me to get to areas where they were not as dense , or were not able to spot me while i was flanking them . i did it with very little cloaking , although i also had the tranq sniper rifle and quite a few darts . even if there are two together , you can usually shoot one , reload , and shoot the other before he has a chance to alert other guards or wake the first guard up . if you can , try to move the sleeping guards quickly into an area where none are patrolling , although this can get tricky in some of the more dense areas . going cover to cover and avoiding them altogether might be a better strategy in certain parts . this was one part of the game where i found it tricky to employ a " no witnesses " strategy without resorting to murder . if you get stuck , cloaking can be a useful strategy . make sure you check the various rooms to find additional power restoring food to keep your cloak and melee takedown energy full .
you keep all rewards and progression you got up until you leave . you do not get the bonus exp for finishing the match , or the regeneration multiplier , but all burn cards you collect , completed challenges , exp you have earned during play , and unlocks will stay .
first off , let me start by saying : there is nothing wrong with carriers . though they have not seen the same revival that battle cruisers have under terran , carriers remain a very viable late game unit . even in a world of " hard counters " carriers do an enormous amount of damage and require very micro to beat . for players invested in heavy ground forces carriers make a very nice addition and force an opponent to " split " his strategy between disparate units . while many people might point out the effectiveness of vikings , void rays and corruptors against carriers , you have to keep in mind : all those units are effective against colossus and those still make many appearances . the largest problem with carriers is they are often overshadowed by void rays . void rays are a very powerful unit against armored and once charged . by comparison carriers have neither of those drawbacks and are only more expensive . finally , while many people will tell you that carriers are countered by good micro , this is also true for every other unit in the game . the only difference is that carriers are more effective against bad micro . now you discussed carrier rushes , and what i am about to say could apply to any type of rush : a rush is not necessarily a cheese . you should not use the term rush pejoratively . technically going 2 gate is a kind of rush . a rush just means quickly getting to something , and is frequently used as a technique to counter more macro intensive play . since many players play a macro intensive play , a rush is a very good strategy . the trap your friend is falling into is that he is surprised by the sudden force and is using the term rush to dismiss it . " oh you did not really work for that , you just rushed it . " this is actually a mistake in terminology . what he means to say is : you are doing an all in gamble on carriers and if they failed you had be screwed . all in play is often considered boarder line cheesy because you are often unable to recover . however , since the goal is to do more damage to your opponent than you are doing to yourself , a very good timing all in , is an incredible effective strategy . since an all in does not rely on lucky or bad play from your opponent , it is not nearly as cheesy as something like a proxy rax . as a result , most all ins are more moves of desperation than cheese . whether or not you consider all in play to be cheesy , a rush is not by definition a cheese and you should not feel bad about it . even if you had rushed carriers ( which it sounds you had not ) , that would be an interesting new build , not some sort of gambit play . so build them at your leisure . and do try to enjoy yourself while playing starcraft 2 .
using your example , you could double click or ctrl + click on a stalker to select all of them and then shift + click the left-most stalker listed on the hud six times . this would remove six stalkers from the originally selected ten . whether this is any less cumbersome , you be the judge . instead of doing subtraction to know to click six times , find the fifth stalker , ( number you want + 1 ) and repeatedly shift click that one until there is no fifth stalker . -ilmtitan
you get a -50% penalty if you are using a unit that requires a strategic resource , and then go negative in that resource . that is , you lose a source of iron that puts you below 0 iron , all units that use iron will have a -50% penalty until you get more iron or lose some units . this is especially annoying with aluminum and uranium if you have puppet cities that use those for buildings . if you get in a war and temporarily go negative , all of your nice units become expensive rubble . as per your original question : i ignore musketmen in general . it is not worth the switch if i can have a unit with more base defense . that , and it is a pretty easy jump into rifling at that point . the point of the musketmen is in situations where you have got no iron available but need units . they will do in a pinch , since horse-based units are easily countered with cheap pikes or spearmen . the french and the americans have unique units instead of musketmen , so they are more likely worth it .
no , you cannot get a reward for the mission anymore . roy is not killed as part of the natural progression of the questline . as he is a non-essential npc , he probably died in the fighting , somehow , which means you no longer have anyone to give you your reward . this was originally posted as a comment by raven dreamer , but it is the correct answer , so i am posting it as an answer .
it is entirely possible and i built all my grinders this way ( before the introduction of xp , which makes it less desirable to kill monsters , and hoppers , which can rescue items from all sorts of death traps ) . the key is to place the cactus one block above the water and use diagonal flows . this is a picture of the grinder of my main mob trap , but this design is also suitable for installing in one corner of a dungeon wall to grind on a mob spawner ( especially if you mine the floor of all mossy and plain cobblestone , leaving a slot perfect for the water flow ) . mobs are pushed against the sand block by the water . once they randomly jump up and stand on the sand block , they are eventually killed by the cactus . their drops then usually land in the water below . the water 's flow splits evenly around the sand block and rejoins at the other side where the flow goes to the collection point . restricting the cactus to be two blocks high as in this image means that the grinder also generates a modest supply of cactus blocks . originally , i stood at the point where the flows rejoin to collect items , but a creeper somehow blew up the trap while i was afk , and i had problems with chickens pushing me out of the collection area , so after that i had the items carried some distance away in an aqueduct ( this was before hoppers ) . this particular installation is for my main mob grinder , so besides the cactus there is also a fatal drop from above ; the cactus here is merely to kill the ones that the water saves from instant death . you can visit this trap and my other cactus traps at my minecraft server at mc.switchb.org ; take the nether route to the “old base” .
absolutely . skills illusion synergises well with sneak as invisibility does not gaurantee not being detected . the cc spells are also very useful , allowing you to control situations that would otherwise overwhelm your squishiness . silent casting will be vital , so get it asap . destruction will be tricky without deep magicka reserves until you start to enchant your own stuff to reduce cost . but impact will work beautifully for single target assassinations . with silent casting , i believe you could also use runes for some fun , though on master they will quickly lose effectiveness . i would stick to one element to save perk points ( perhaps shock as a useful rarely-resisted element ) , and do not bother with master level perk . this will be a useful tree against dragons . restoration is moderately useful with the respite perk , allowing you - in conjunction with light armour stamina regen bonus - to spam dual wield power attacks all day long . i would not worry about the perks above adapt . get respite , the magicka regeneration perks , and possibly the " auto heal on zero death " perk that can help out if you are smacked around when dual-wielding . light armour is great , and will give you survivability that most mages do not have . it also takes up far fewer perks than alteration . i would skip conjuration perks completely , unless you wish to use bound weapons as a role play . you may ultimately wish to level it to 90 at some point in order to provide a non-smithing source of daedric weapons ( see smithing below ) , and if so do not rush on it until you need to level other skills up to level in general ( high 30s onwards ) . alteration has few uses in this build . enchanting will be useful , allowing you to supplement your lower magicka with regen and reduce costs . do not bother with -100% cost on any given skill tree , as you will probably only use destruction as a filler against mobs and dragons but if you use it a lot against high level single targets then consider -100% , as the expert level spells are expensive . i would aim for some +magicka regen ( or +magicka - calculate which is more effective given your base magicka ) as that can be used for all your magick trees , and you will be using them all not just 95% destruction like in pure mage . possibly some reduce cost for illusion . all other slots for boosting your melee and resistances . restoration is fine without reduced cost . smithing is great - but you may not feel like role playing it . depends on your target equipment , but you could make do with steel smithing and the enchanted item smithing perks . you can get daedric weapons through the mages guild , so do not feel obliged to perk up smithing . alchemy complements both skill sets well . the beginning do not spread yourself too thin to start off with . i would work on illusion , sneak and one-handed until you can comfortably stay hidden in shadows and get silent casting perk . from there you can start on destruction up to impact , to have a useful fall-back of dual-casting firebolts ( it can interrupt dragons and nasty bosses ) , and get restoration to apprentice level . i would then work on getting illusion to 75 and sneak till 60 for backstab bonuses . by this point you should be able to flit in and out backstabbing and skirmishing , using invisibility as a means of getting back into cover . quests you will not be locked out of any , and can complete thieves guild , db and mages guild . they all work well together . thieves guild and db synergise well , and mages guild unlocks some tasty equipment . from here , you can choose . i would work on your sneaky sneaky and melee skills , as you will already have the main utility from your skill sets . use illusion to ensure you do not get hammered too much , and do not be afraid to go invis and hide . your main advantages over a pure stealth character are your much better flexibility when detected - so use these advantages . hth = ) edit : stats : ymmv but i have had good sucess with balanced melee/mage with 2:1:1 health:stamina:magicka . i leave stamina at 150 ( maybe 200 if going dual wield ) . edit2: added link to find out if +magicka or +magicka regen , as per the paragraph on enchanting . added link for mage 's guild and daedric weapons
differences between bikes and karts are generally this : karts can charge a full mini-turbo ( yellow sparks ) if the turn is long enough ; bikes can only charge a half-mini-turbo ( blue sparks ) . on courses with many sharp turns this can result in karts getting a decent amount more speed boosts . bikes can do wheelies and karts can not ; during a wheelie you get a constant speed boost , but you can not turn much at all and hitting a wall or opponent will bring you to an almost complete stop . this means bikes will usually pass karts on straightways ( since the stability weakness and turn prevention are generally not enough of a downside to constantly going faster when you can just un-wheelie at any time ) , which are generally more common than curves you can do a full mini-turbo on . as far as i know all the world-class time trial runs are done on bikes just for this reason . both vehicles can reduce the effect of a pow block by making a trick motion as it hits . in general , every kart has a bike that is very similar in stats , called a " counterpart " by the super mario wiki . so if you want to jump between the two types there will always be something on the other side that acts mostly the same . all karts drift " outwards " . some bikes drift " inwards " . it is hard to explain what this means/understand how this works but you will certainly know when you pick a bike that does it .
just do not buy the 9 greater mark of hybrid penetration . it may be good , but if you are looking for runes , i would advise you to buy runes which are great for a lot of champions . hybrid pen runes are only good for 2 or 3 champs . magic penetration runes are much better for almost every other carry ap , and are not bad at all on ahri .
this is what i came up with : and it looks pretty correct to me . by the way what texture pack is that ? bad photoshop :
yes you can pick dropped items from the enemy faction . here is a resistant player seeing enlightened items source : reddit.com/r/ingress : protip : do not drop your loot at your house if you live near the road .
you can download a snes emulator for the mac os edition from here , then dump a super mario world rom from your own cartridge . in regards to the controller , you can buy one or use the keyboard .
this room is an alternative to the " blank map " qr puzzle for those without qr readers . they both result in the same tetromino code , but if you do one , the other will count as " completed " . thus , this puzzle is optional . ( the difference : the code has to be entered as if it was found in this room unless you have the blank map . ) the tetromino code is shown in two places in this room : in the s- and z-blocks around the tower 's base ( loop once ) , and as the fezzes atop the alien drawings at the owl 's feet ( only visible in first-person mode ) . the code : rt rt rt lt rt rt rt lt
yes , you can enchant the wuuthrad . you can have any weapon based enchantments on it and you can alter the scale of the enchantment ( you can have fire at 3pts or 15pts , for example ) . once you have enchanted the item , you enchantment is attached to that weapon , although it will still display the " deadly to elves " bonus as it is primary enchantment .
no , you cannot customize the control layout for consoles the way you describe . no such options exist in the game options , nor does any reference to customizing controls exist in the console manuals : http://help.ea.com/article/mass-effect-3-manuals here is the controller options screen in the xbox 360 version :
i decided to test it . my usual profile settings are usa with no state set . here are my results after changing my location ( called ' region ' in the profile settings , which is confusing ) to argentina - buenos aires . i was still able to play downloaded titles . shovel knight worked fine , but i had to accept a basic terms of use agreement . i could not enter the eshop or pokemon bank , and they displayed a message saying that the region ( location ) had been changed , and that it had to be changed back to access those services . after changing my region back , i had to accept a terms of use agreement for downloaded pokemon bank , but not for shovel knight ( shrug ) i was able to connect to any nnid services as though nothing had happened . the only thing i did not try was creating a new nnid . i was not sure if i would have to delete the one i have now , but i know for certain that if you delete one you will lose all downloaded titles permanently . verdict : as long as you do not delete your nnid , you can change your location settings as much as you like , and you will not lose your downloaded titles , although you may not be able to use anything that requires your nnid to be logged in from your original location .
i should have looked into the " controls"-section of the settings before asking this question ( ty @patrick ) - in the default mapping it is as simple as pressing the middle mouse button , or numlock on keyboard .
it refers to the total population of the city ( not region ) .
the suggested SkyrimPrefs.ini i was using was the wrong one . using process monitor i was able to figure out that the correct one is : %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\Skyrim\SkyrimPrefs.ini  e.g. C:\Users\Ian\Documents\My Games\Skyrim\SkyrimPrefs.ini  changing [Controls]\fMouseHeadingSensitivity to fMouseHeadingSensitivity=0.1250 (new) fMouseHeadingSensitivity=0.0125 (old)  did the trick .
there are a few achievements tied to the main quest which have you joining either the stormcloaks or the imperial legion , but these are awarded for picking either path , rather than siding with one group over the other ( as in dragon age : origins , for instance ) . all of these achievements should be attainable in a single playthrough :
i was having problems with this too . from looking at the map i thought that i could travel along the coast to the east of windhelm to get to winterhold , but there is no path for that . you actually have to go west from windhelm then north through a mountain pass . from there you will end up along the coast east of winterhold . there you will start heading west till you get to winterhold . for a better picture you can look at this map from the skyrim wikia . it may be a spoiler if you had rather explore it yourself .
you can navigate the constellations with the keyboard using the wasd keys , which may be easier than trying to use the mouse , which have a tendency to click on the wrong star . if you have problem reaching a star , you should try approaching it from another direction , like going from the side , or even another constellation .
from the unofficial elder scrolls pages ' wiki article on standing stones in skyrim : the apprentice stone on an island in a river just to the west of the line joining morthal and solitude . those under the sign of the apprentice recover magicka faster , but are more susceptible to magicka damage . the atronach stone south of windhelm , in the southernmost part of the hotwater zone , between an axe shaped lake and a ' u ' shaped lake ( closer to this one ) . those under the sign of the atronach absorb a portion of incoming spell damage and have a larger pool of magicka , but recover it more slowly . the lady stone in a lake , on an island directly north of falkreath those under the sign of the lady regenerate health and stamina more quickly . the lord stone east of morthal , up on the mountain . those under the sign of the lord are more resistant to both magicka and physical damage . the lover stone east of markarth those under the sign of the lover always feel a lover 's comfort . ( all skills improve 15% faster . ) the mage stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the mage will learn all magic skills 20% faster . the ritual stone east of whiterun , north of whiterun stormcloak camp once a day , those under the sign of the ritual can reanimate nearby corpses to fight for them . the serpent stone directly east of college of winterhold once a day , those under the sign of the serpent can use a ranged paralyzing poison on opponents . the shadow stone south of riften once a day , those under the sign of the shadow can become invisible for an extended period . the steed stone west of solitude . those under the sign of the steed can carry more and do not suffer a movement penalty from armor . the thief stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the thief will learn all stealth skills 20% faster . the tower stone directly west of college of winterhold those under the sign of the tower have the option to automatically open expert or lower locks . the warrior stone southwest of riverwood those under the sign of the warrior will learn all combat skills 20% faster .
worked this out . the critical difference is between the characters you can select from the menu ( hold y-button on x-box ) which ( lb/rb on x-box ) , which allows you to cycle through a small subset of characters . as this answer says the extra toggle allows you some extra odd-ball characters , but only affects the lb/rb set .
unfortunately , i do not have anything that could change the seed i was getting for those abductions ( without loading way back ) , so i just sucked it up and lost a couple countries on continents i did not want to . oh well . one thing i have noticed from playing through , however , is that abductions only occur in countries for which there is no satellite coverage , so by planning my deployments a little more strategically ( and getting lucky with the terror mission locations ) , i was able to avoid any more losses - basically , blanket the the three continents with the fewest countries ( south america , north america and africa ) with satellites asap , and from there on out , you will only get abductions in europe and asia , which makes it much easier to manage panic levels , especially if/when the terror missions also happen on those two continents .
the effects of launching a satellite are : immediate panic reduction in the country you launch the satellite in . monthly income from the country you are providing satellite coverage to . waiting until month end to launch satellites is the most efficient way to manage panic without losing out on the funding increases from satellite coverage . if a country is already at max panic and something happens to panic that country again , there is no effect . so by waiting , sometimes you can have a country at max panic " absorb " some panic that you would have needed to deal with if you launched the satellites earlier . there is no funding benefit for an early launch . as long the satellite is launched before the council report at the end of the month , you get full funding from that country when the council gives its month-end report . the funding increases easily offset any maintenance costs .
further testing indicates that only rats day 3 allows you to skip the loot vehicle by carrying the bags . dropping the bags on the escape area does not count . we tested this on rats day 3 by taking the cash bags to the escape chopper rather than loot chopper and they did count towards our reward for the mission ( listed as bag loot items ) . only the bags carried by players were counted . i have not tested on other missions .
at one point in the game , it will remove all the unnecessary quest items from your inventory . i will not give any spoilers , but other than that , there are no direct ways to remove quest items .
currently , the alpha version will continually send you new prisoners each and every day . it is meant to ratchet up the pressure each and every day , dealing with your new inmates . that said , you can avoid gaining new prisoners by removing your delivery area next to the road . just click the rooms button , and use right click to remove the delivery designation . you still need a delivery area , though , so move it further away from the road . the game logic has no idea where to put the prisoners , so they do not get off the truck , and just continue on . the to-do list will still show you how many prisoners will get sent the next day , and they will keep trying . but without that delivery area , they just keep going . that should allow you to stabilize your current bunch of prisoners without gathering new problems . once you are ready for new prisoners , just put the delivery area back ! fun note : your guards will still attempt to escort your " new " prisoners to the holding cell , even when they are on the truck . i had a couple guards chasing the truck until it left the area , so hopefully riots and whatnot are not brewing prior to getting your delivery . in alpha 2 , as noted by @crowbeak , any new prisons you create have an option to only send prisoners when you have room for them . for anyone using a save game from alpha 1 , though , this trick still works . another thing to note , though , is that your holding cell now counts for how many prisoners you can hold . i believe for every six squares your holding cell has , your prisoner space is increased by one , in addition to whatever cells you have created . so if you have the new option set , keep that in mind .
http://assets.dreamgear.net/sell-sheets/dgps3-1334.pdf this specifies that it works with the following games : guitar hero games includes guitar hero , guitar hero ii , guitar hero encore : rock the 80s , guitar hero iii : legends of rock , guitar hero : aerosmith and guitar hero : world tour ; rockband games includes rockband and rockband 2 . this list does not include the later guitar hero games or rock band 3/the beatles/green day/lego rock band because of the manufacture date , but it will still work . nothing 's been changed to make an older guitar incompatible with the newer games . the switch is there for when guitar hero games did not play nicely with rock band instruments . the only games that would apply for is : guitar hero 3 , guitar hero : aerosmith , guitar hero 2 , guitar hero : rocks the 80 's , and guitar hero .
the learning curve to dotp is simple as it highlights cards that are usuable and basically completes any steps that are required to cast spells for you ( i.e. . tapping mana ) . it is very simple compared to the paper version or even mtg online as the closest thing to deck building is the ability to add certain cards to decks , instead of having a large pool of cards to choose from and building decks from scratch . all-in-all a fun game , but definately aimed at newer players . give the 5-minute tutorial a run through and you will be fine . the graphics are not too intense , and you should not have a problem with the laptop being able to run it . edit : i looked at your original question - yes , the single campaign is fun as the opponents decks do actually get harder as you play along . if you are a completionist , the single player campaign will be where you will focus most of your time too .
score is determined based on how many notes you hit and how well you hit them . rank is determined only by how well you hit them . s ranks also require you do not miss anything ; if you miss but still meet the requirements for an s , you will only get an a . since the number of notes varies by song , that means score and rank can be very different between them . as a degenerate case , consider a one-note song . the maximum score would be 300 points , but if you got that , you had expect an s rank . s rank : 90%+ scored 300 , no misses , no missed small dots , and passed every spinner a rank : 81-89% scored 300 b rank : 71-80% scored 300 c rank : 61-70% scored 300 d rank : ≤ 60% scored 300 ( i do not remember if these numbers are rounded up or down . )
your version will actually help against soflam + javelin/guided shell ( assuming they did not fire in that two second window ) . your friend 's will not . however , if you discount that situation , your friend 's way is better because then the chopper is only using the ecm/flares when you have a missile coming your way and thus you can stay in the fray longer ( since not every lock results in a missile being fired and , unless really close/unlucky , should send non soflam projectiles astray ) . your way is safest in terms of staying alive . so , really , you can answer your own question by answering this question : what is most important , staying alive as long as possible , or staying in the midst of battle as long as possible ? edit : with the new patch , i am thinking the best strategy now will be to pop ecm instantly on solid lock , and have the gunner pop flares on any missile locks and never leave the midst of battle . when ecm dies out , the gunner would fire flares if a missile locks on after ecm is gone . by the time the flares are gone , your ecm should be back . hypothetically , you should be able to stay up in the air a damn long time since now javelins and such can miss because of flares . of course , it is now also a lot quicker to lock onto targets with most missile launching vehicles/weapons .
you are unable to withdraw the funds directly after depositing into the battle .netaccount balance . however you could possibly find a good diablo 3 item to purchase worth around the amount you want to withdraw on the real-money auction house and re-sell it listing with paypal as the posting method . not an ideal way to go about it , but the only way to really move funds around is by selling items .
the ability to add friends via the website is a popular feature request ( a quick google search will turn up dozens of threads going back years asking for it ) , but it has never been added . so as of now , you can only do it through the playstation 3 or playstation vita ( oddly , you can not even add friends on the psp ) .
if i remember correctly , kotor 2 runs these movies at something rediculous like 640x480 . ensure you have downloaded and installed the latest patch for the game . try downloading and installing the high quality movies pack , though do be wary it is a pretty big download . try setting the following in your swkotor2 . ini file : disable movies=0 disable intro movies=0
a windmill produces 0 , 20 , or 40 power depending on the embark location . each gear assembly consumes 5 power , and each tile of axle consumes 1 , so your power transmission already consumes 12 power . a pump needs another 10 , which brings you to 22 requirement . so if your windmill produces 20 power , that is enough for the whole power line , but just a tad too little for the pump . according to the df wiki page on pumps , pumps can be powered from below , but only on the output tile , and that tile must have its floor removed before construction of the pump .
flying was the only holdout with no pure type pokemon , which as you note gen v changes . from bulbapedia : prior to generation v , this type was the only one of the seventeen that was never seen as an authentic pure type ; tornadus is the first pure flying type . there are , however , a large number of type combinations that do not exist .
you can judge the beauty of the governor 's daughter by how she dresses . plain daughters will wear a scarf that covers almost to their neck : attractive daughters wear something revealing that covers their shoulders : beautiful daughters wear a very revealing low-cut dress : also , when the daughter enters the room , the text on the screen will describe her as being " rather plain , " " attractive , " or " beautiful " as the case may be . here again , you can note that her dress gives away her beauty level as well .
the rage wikia describes : the enemies appear to have roughly the same amount of health on each level , but hit a lot harder and come in greater numbers as you increase the difficulty . notable exceptions include the large mutants and krakens , which seem to have lots more health , and the authority elite , which are basically tanks on nightmare , requiring 3 or 4 dynamite bolt headshots . cars in the wasteland will also fight a lot more aggressively and use shields more frequently as you increase the difficulty . loot appears unaffected , apart from a rocket launcher in kvasir 's sewer on hard and nightmare difficulty .
i believe they get to view the entire process of your drawing , including if you trash midway and start over . if you think of it as a recording of your process , then it makes sense that they would see that part .
abandoned mine shafts as you said , melon seeds will be unavailable . strongholds the cracked and mossy variants of stone bricks will be unavailable as a building material ; normal stone bricks can be crafted . ender portal frames will be unavailable , and with it the " the end " dimension red apple nether ruins nether brick nether brick fence nether brick stairs nether wart blaze rod ( as blazes only spawn around the ruins ) , and all the derivatives .
it is called ascension by composer neal acree , featuring the skywalker symphony and chorus , and vocalist laurie ann haus . neal acree has released the full track on his youtube page : i stumbled upon this a few days ago . i hope you are still around to enjoy it !
just one per device . per the hatch twitter
i have come across this issue before when i had the dragon age on disk but wanted to use the expansion on steam . in my case it was not possible and i needed the steam version of dragon age in order to use the expansion . steam has been putting notes in the details of the game to make things more clear about it . you can see a notice in steam under the game media that states the following : " notice : vietnam requires the base game battlefield : bad company 2 on steam to play " you can view this link to the steam page for the battlefield expansion to see the notice . http://store.steampowered.com/app/47880/?snr=1_4_4__13 short answer : unfortunately you can not use the steam expansion with that disk .
it will totally replace your current system with the version from the backup archive , except for the trophies that are not stored in the backup ( the only way to backup them is to create a psn account and to synchronize them with the server ) .
halbu and jamella appear to be a warriors chosen by heaven to fight hell , as tyrael mentions that many mortals have journeyed to the pandemonium fortress . perhaps their near silence is a result of their prolonged and never-ending battle against the burning hells . thats what i have gathered from my diablo 2 strategy guide from ages ago and relistening to tyreal talk :p , plus the wiki i found says the exact same thing . : )
yes , you can craft fist weapons later , just continue upgrading your blacksmith . in fact the first fist weapon is available from level 3 - which is what you have - so you are only a few upgrades away from it ( remember each level has multiple inner sublevels , each unlocking its own recipes ) . here is a full list of all craftable fist weapons along with their level requirement , blacksmith 's level requirement , and component list . to summarize the level requirements :
no , you cannot link with multiple pokémon in one battle . and what password do you have for more eevee ? ?
the champion class is not a good main tank . if you compare a champion with a guardian or a warden you will find one or more deficits . the average champion will have lesser block- , parry- and evade ratings , lesser critical hit protection , lesser damage reduction , lesser incoming heal , lesser skills for survivability and poor skills to get and gain aggro . but a champion can get used as main tank . but that highly depends on the skill , experience and equiptment of the champion , the instance and the other members of the group . i did quite some main tanks runs with my champion and i have also a warden . if a rate the difficulty of instances/encounters with my champion as main tank : sammath gûl : not easy but ok halls of crafting : quite difficult great barrows ( thadur/sambrog ) : hard the blind one in dar narbugud : very hard durchest in barad guldur : is nearly impossible and compare if the with the difficulty rating for my warden : sammath gûl : easy halls of crafting : easy great barrows ( thadur/sambrog ) : not easy but ok the blind one in dar narbugud : difficulr durchest in barad guldur : hard it obvious that tanking with a tank class is just much easier .
weapon mods are a permanent item . some only work with certain weapons/types of weapons , which may make it seem like they disappeared , but they cannot be expended by any means and are yours unless you decide to delete/get rid of them . hope this helps !
a captured soul will be put in the smallest available soul gem that will hold it . so if you capture a lesser soul , and you only have a grand soul gem available , it will be automatically put in the grand soul gem . if you have a empty grand and lesser soul gem , a lesser soul will always be put in the lesser soul gem . if by chance you accidentally fill a larger soul gem with a lesser soul , you can drop it to the ground and pick it back up . dropping soul gems to the ground causes them to lose the stored soul and this prevents the waste of larger gems filled with smaller souls .
below radar works at altitudes of 20 meters or less above the ground directly under you ( so 20 meters above a mountain will still work . it works by not allowing anyone to lock onto you , and any locks currently in progress will be broken . it does not work to stop missiles that are already in the air , and the lock will not break for about . 5 seconds after you go below radar , so if someone is almost locked on , there is a chance they might still be able to fire a missile or two . it is very easy to tell when you are below radar in a helicopter , as the altimeter on the right hand side of the screen will be red when you are at 20 or below . in a jet however , there is no indication , so the best way for you to learn is to fly helicopters until you are comfortable enough with knowing instinctively how low 20 meters is . before the latest patch , it would not work on surface-air missiles , but as of the latest patch it works on everything ( in fact it is a little bit op sometimes ) .
according to the pet guide here , the devourers are ranged pets .
there is actually a pretty simple way to ensure your medical team is constantly healing someone . you have been on the right track with the grenade , but you did not take it far enough . what it requires is the cooperation of several other members of your crew ; they can all be medical , it does not matter . get your hapless red shirt to throw his grenade . after you self-damage your ship , punish him by making him stand in the resulting fire . now , crew are smart enough to move out of fire if possible , so what you need to do is surround the spot with three crew members , move him in , and then close the box with the last crew member . viola ! instant red shirt barbeque , with unlimited potential for healing . you will need to have an enginner or two around to keep the fire in check , though , to make sure the rest of your staff do not turn out extra crispy . that is easy to do , though , just make sure not to put out the fire your red shirt is so helpfully baking himself in .
it is games and consoles only . here is the list of eligible products : https://club.nintendo.com/eligible-products.do
that is not entirely correct . in the original disgaea , int is still the determining factor for the healing amount . in all subsequent disgaea games , it was switched over to res . in the first , i believe the res of the recipient also plays a factor into how much they are healed , but the int of the caster is the biggest factor . also , there is no reason for your cleric to be a dual mode ( in fact , they become more handy if you learn the boost spells from a mage as well as some damage spells ) . just have the cleric make a few students and learn the spells from them by standing next to the students ( which gives them access to the spell ) .
no one 's reached the moon in world of goo yet , and there are some pretty amazing towers out there . it is safe to say you will never reach the moon . the purpose of the world of goo corp . level is to create the largest tower you can .
i see no reason why they would do damage , and my experience playing against her is that they stun but do not damage when that ability is used . the ability itself is the damager and they are just a way to manipulate the balls themselves to some end . all of her other abilities have some damage attached to the balls if they are doing damage themselves in the description . ( active ) : conjures a dark sphere at a target location , dealing magic damage . the sphere lasts for up to 6 seconds and can be manipulated by syndra 's other abilities . transcendent bonus : deals 15% bonus damage against champions . cooldown : 4 seconds damages at the summon location ( active ) : throws the grasped dark sphere or enemy at a target area . enemies struck take magic damage and are slowed for 1.5 second . explicitly states how the ball damages ( active ) : draws upon syndra 's full cataclysmic power , harnessing all dark spheres to deal magic damage to her target per sphere . unleashed power will use the three spheres that orbit syndra , ensuring a minimum damage . all dark spheres remain on the ground for 6 seconds after unleashed power is used . explicit as well with how the balls act . so it can be assumed that they are being explicit with the scatter the weak , if the balls did damage , they had state it did some damage .
there are very few boe trinkets , so not much can be auctioned away . darkmoon card : maelstrom is the prime target , usable at level 60 and may last you a while . it can be acquired for quite cheaply if you are in luck as well . sonic booster is awesome if you are an engineer , but is limited by that . the final option , mercurial stone is a prime option from level 65 and on . you can use two of them as they are not unique , and hit rating is a great dps boost as you level if you are fighting enemies the same or higher level than you . after those , there are darkmoon cards available at level 70 ( some of them are a definite upgrade ) and a fair few more at level 80 . overall i would just use the heirlooms to be honest .
i do not have any direct evidence without re-installing and recording the game , but no it does not have any effect . shannon is selling you the grenades in order to keep her secret . on an added note , if you attempt to hack the atm she is at , it has 0 dollars . she is a crafty one . there is currently a let 's play in action on deus ex . in this first video you can see manderly confront jc about being in the woman 's restroom . but then in this later video ( which i am pretty certain is on the same save and everything ) you can still buy from shannon .
yes . if you are skulled and in the wilderness , you lose everything . if you are just skulled , but not in the wilderness , you drop everything in a gravestone , which you then have a limited amount of time to return to in order to retrieve your items . you can see what you could lose and keep when you die by bringing up the items kept on death screen from the equipment page . this will show you the items that you automatically keep ( some quest items and low level items ) , as well as the group of items where you will be able to choose three items to keep . again , any items dropped are stored in a gravestone for a limited amount of time . you can then click on the what if i entered the wilderness button to see what would happen if you died in the wilderness . note that both of these screens assume you are not skulled .
i can not remember that puzzle exactly , so i do not know if it is possible in the context of this puzzle , but it seems like the most logical solution given you are in the bit of the game that teaches you this trick , so try the following : in the fluffy dimension pick-up a piece of furniture ( a table is ideal ) and move to the position shown in the image . throw the piece of furniture so that it fly over to the location of the collectable . very quickly switch to the slow dimension . jump on the thrown piece of furniture . wait for the furniture to finish it is journey , delivering you to the collectable . you might have to jump the last bit of the gap yourself . if this gives you trouble because you can not get a high enough arc on the thrown object while still being able to jump on it , then you might be able to pull off the trick by instead throwing the object from as far back on the ground level as possible ( with a higher arc ) then running around to the top level and jumping on to it then ( you had need to swap to slow very quickly after throwing ) - without having the game here to test , though , i am not sure which of the two presents the most reliable approach .
as of november 1st , 2011 , this is the chronological order in which the games take place . credit goes to the kingdom hearts wikia timeline article . i will link to the each of the games on the wiki for reference , but if you have not played them , i would recommend not clicking these links . i am going to divide this into 2 parts : chronological order in which the events in the stories/games occurred and a recommended playing order in order to understand the stories ( as best as the kh storyline as a whole can be understood at least . . . it is . . . confusing ) . chronological order kingdom hearts : birth by sleep ( playstation portable ) comes first in the timelines , excluding portions of its secret ending , blank points . kingdom hearts ( playstation 2 ) aka kh1 . kingdom hearts 358/2 days ( nintendo ds , pronounced " three-five-eight days over two" ) . days 1-24 take place at the same time as the finale of kingdom hearts . kingdom hearts : chain of memories ( game boy advance ) aka kh:com . since been rereleased as kingdom hearts re:chain of memories for ps2 . days 25-27 of kh:358/2 take place at the same time as chain of memories . while not a separate game , days 28-358 of kh:358/2 take place here in the timeline kingdom hearts ii ( ps2 ) aka kh2 . kingdom hearts coded . takes place between the ending of kh2 and kh2 ' s epilogue . this was released as a mobile phone puzzle game in japan only . it is since been rereleased for the na and eu territories as kingdom hearts re:coded on nintendo ds . blank points . this is birth by sleep 's secret ending . it goes from the end of bbs to some time after signs of what is next , the secret ending of kingdom hearts re:coded . the secret ending apparently has spoilers for birth by sleep , which is why the final episode for re:coded was not released until after birth by sleep . kingdom hearts 3d : dream drop distance ( nintendo 3ds ) it is set after the events of kingdom hearts re:coded . kingdom hearts iii ( officially announced for playstation 4 and xbox one ) . officially in development . we may still end up with more games in between before it is released . so , that was slightly confusing . you may also have heard of the various final mix versions of the games . these are enhanced re-releases of the game that have additional content in them . these versions were previously only released in japan as explained below are being released in the na/eu regions in hd remixes . recommended playing order ( pre-september 2013 . see alternate order as of 2014 below ) kingdom hearts ( ps2 ) . obviously . this is where you will get the very basis of the story and the heart ( no pun intended ) of the conflicts . the first " main " game in the story . kingdom hearts re:chain of memories ( ps2 , only available for japan and na ) . alternatively , you could play the original gba version , which was 2d gameplay , but the ps2 rerelease is full 3d , like kh1 and 2 , and also has voice-acted fmvs . it uses a card/deck system for fighting , which is different from the action rpg stylings of 1 and 2 , but i still found it quite fun . kingdom hearts ii ( ps2 ) . the second " main " game in the story . you pretty much have to play this in order to understand the stories of the prequels/sequels/sidequels/whatever . kingdom hearts 358/2 ( nintendo ds ) . considering the heavy tie-ins with the two main games and com , it is best to play this one after them . it is generally considered the weakest game , both story and gameplay-wise by the fanbase , as its plot twist is kind of . . . weird , but if you want to know everything in lore , i would not really consider it a waste of time , though of course , your mileage may vary . probably the most skippable if you just want to read a wiki entry on its plot . kingdom hearts : birth by sleep ( psp ) . this is a prequel , with different characters than the main game ( mostly ) , and is , in my opinion , a must play . aside from a lot of important story elements , the gameplay is simply fantastic ( though i have not completed yet due to gaming add ) . despite it being a prequel to the series , i would not advise starting with it , as many of the references and tie-ins to the other games ' plots would simply not register . kingdom hearts re:coded ( nintendo ds ) . though it takes place during kh2 's epilogue , because of its secret ending heavily tying into birth by sleep 's , it is recommended to play this one after that game . i have not gotten my hands on this one yet , as it was only released in january 2011 . kingdom hearts 3d : dream drop distance ( nintendo 3ds ) . taking place after re:coded , this is where it fits in . as of july 9 , 2014 only kingdom hearts hd 1.5 remix has been released but kingdom hearts hd 2.5 remix has been announced for release in oct 2 , 2014 ( jp ) , dec 2 , 2014 ( na ) , and dec 5 , 2014 ( eu ) . kingdom hearts hd 1.5 remix contains kingdom hearts 1 final mix ( previously exclusive to japan ) , kingdom hearts re : chain of memories , and only the cutscenes from kingdom hearts 358/2 kingdom hearts hd 2.5 remix contains kingdom jearts 2 final mix ( previously exclusive to japan ) , kingdom hearts birth by sleep final mix ( previusly exclusive to japan ) , and only the cutscenes from kingdom hearts re:coded i have not heard of any plans on re-releasing dream drop distance on another platform just yet so you will still need a 3ds . alternate playing order involving the hd remixes kingdom hearts hd 1.5 remix ( ps3 ) play kingdom hearts 1 final mix kingdom hearts hd 1.5 remix ( ps3 ) play kingdom hearts re : chain of memories kingdom hearts hd 2.5 remix ( ps3 ) play kingdom hearts ii final mix . kingdom hearts hd 1.5 remix ( ps3 ) watch kingdom hearts 358/2 cutscenes kingdom hearts hd 2.5 remix ( ps3 ) play birth by sleep final mix . kingdom hearts hd 2.5 remix ( ps3 ) watch kingdom hearts re:coded cutscenes . kingdom hearts 3d : dream drop distance ( nintendo 3ds ) . ( ? . kingdom hearts iii ( ps4 ) no release date announced yet . and no games announced between dream drop distance and it is release although still possible . ) with the re-releases you now can play all of kingdom hearts up to but not including kh3 on 2 systems ( the ps3 and 3ds ) . when kh3 comes out it will be 3 ( ps3 , ( ps4 or xbox one ) and the 3ds ) .
wrong , 3 silver stars for sustaining damage and 3 silver stars for mission time equals 3 gold stars and that is the maximum amount of merit per mission . you need 6 gold stars to get promoted . you need all 120 silver stars which equal 60 gold stars to get the maximum rank of field marshall . you need 30 gold stars to access the secret mission ( that is the 20th mission , though in some versions of the game there is no merit requirement ) . in my opinion , the time limit for 3 silver stars is more than fair . however , you can basically abuse the system for merit by retrying missions , from end screen , so field marshall is probably attainable by retrying the first mission over and over . seeing as how it can be done in one minute ( you do not need the driver ) you can realistically get to the rank of field marshall in less than half an hour . . .
yes tenacity stack multiplicatively with other forms of crowd control reduction . since everything that provides tenacity right now gives 35 tenacity , irelia with any of the cc reduction items will have the following stats Ionian Fervor stacks multiplicatively with tenacity: 1 champion: 41.5% 2 champions: 51.25% 3 champions: 61%  http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/irelia_the_will_of_the_blades gbn ' s answer is correct . but i think it is helpful to show the details here .
there is no difference except for the colour . i am not familiar with the actual prices , but one thing to pay attention to is whether or not you are looking at a normal wii remote or the wii remote plus that includes the motionplus sensor . if that is not it , then the price difference you are seeing is simply due to the " novelty " of the black controller .
abilities that can one shot illusions : hexes from lion , shadow shaman ( or scythe of vyse ) : instakill mana drain from lion : illusion automatically dies after 0.25 sec life drain from pugna : illusion dies after the first tick of damage glimpse from disruptor : instakill illusion stone gaze from medusa : instakill any successfully petrified illusion purge from diffusal blade ( not hero ability but could be usefull versus morphling ) : instakill as far as i know those are the only that exists .
the electronics skill is a passive skill that is only ' usable ' by shepherd when dealing with locks and the such . for the rest of your team-mates , it is just useful in unlocking other skills and passive combat abilities once it gets to certain levels . edit as @memor-x mentions it is also possible that these passive stats are calculated on an average party wide basis . so even if you upgrade the skill just for one character , it is possible that you can open locks and perform hacks above shepherd 's skill level
stand in honey that is close to a campfire while wearing crimson armour . you will generate health about 350-400% faster than normal . if you actually had a regen potion , it would , of course , be even faster . you could possibly recover 449 health in as little as 30 seconds . i have seen it happen . i have regeneration pools all over my server for boss battles and such . a band of regeneration and a charm of myths would help even more !
the server stops the simulation when no players are connected . therefore , both the day-night cycle and biome spreads do not proceed unless at least one player is in the world . you can test this for yourself with the " time " command in the server console .
you essentially have a different account on different servers . so when you log in there , you will be asked to create a username for the first time , and you will have no games played . you will play the 5 placement matches to determine your league when you start . so there is no mmr transfer between regions , otherwise ( logically ) you would not need to play 5 placement matches . aside from switching servers ( which is annoying because of lag ) , you can use your unranked ladder option to off-race with .
no , once you have caught a legendary ( that is able to respawn if beaten ) , it will not respawn again in the same game . i believe this done to prevent having dozens of legendaries from the same game ( in the sense you mentioned , i.e. trading one away , get another , trade it yet away , get yet another . . . ) , while at the same time , give players the possibility to catch them if they accidentally faint the legendary pokémon . legendary birds do not respawn in xy . mewtwo and zygarde can , however .
i do not know what it is by design but i can provide statistics on a per region basis . bare in mind , this is where players are , not where they belong ( so they maybe better or worse than they appear ) . these numbers would seem to suggest the following : diamond : 95th percentile plat : 80th percentile gold : 60th percentile silver : 40-35th percentile bronze : 1st percentile update : at blizzcon 2010 blizzard announced that they would add two new leagues with the following requirements : grand master : top 200 players master : 98th percentile
i suspect your premise about gaining more points for winning than losing is slightly off . generally speaking , once your point level stabilizes due to finding your actual skill level , your points will remain the same relative to others playing the game if you do not get any better/worse . however , the total number of points everyone has will trend upward due to the bonus pool . this does mean it rewards playing more often , but only to a certain extent in a certain time period ( a few games per week , i suspect ) . once you have exhausted your bonus pool , your ranking points will again more-or-less stabilize based on your skill . one of the reasons this was done was to encourage people to actually play the game . since everyone 's points are constantly going up , you have to play to keep up with your peers . if this artificial inflation of points due to the bonus pool was not in place , the player at the very top would - in theory - not have much reason to play ; he is the best and his points will stay the highest until someone usurps him . this way , he has to keep playing to maintain his status . as with any fair matchmaking system , the more people playing , the better , and i think blizzard is trying to encourage more people to play . however , none of this is cut and dry so there is no one reason for any of these decisions ; likewise it is not at all obvious whether this system is superior to the traditional ranking system you mention . that said , here are some good articles on the subject : http://www.sirlin.net/blog/2010/7/24/analyzing-starcraft-2s-ranking-system.html http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=118212 note also that the points you see displayed and used for your ranking may be separate from the underlying statistic used for matching you up against other players . the two stats should converge on relatively the same thing , but the bonus pool adds the extra incentive to play more often .
to teleport your crew members back : make sure your teleporter is active ( after using it to teleport crew members over , it will take a while for it to reset and be usable again ) . make sure the crew members you are trying to teleport are standing in a room , not entering or leaving it . ( if they are busy fighting someone that is fine ) . click on the bottom of the two teleportation icons . click on the room in the enemy ship which holds your crew members .
some mods or software that you could use to increase performance : ctd and memory patch enboost have you tired from ctds when your game is heavily modded ? unable to install hd texture packs without ctds or travel in the world very fast ? this patch fixes the problem and also brings you higher performance even without memory fixes enabled . this is not a graphic modification , so feel free to use with vanilla game . this will not degrade quality in any way to increase performance . unofficial skyrim patch - a comprehensive bugfixing mod ; also contains a " savegame debloatifier " feature that may help improve performance skyrim performance plus - installing it will give little ( unnoticeable ) graphics degradation , while certain cpu-intensive effects ( falling rain , snow , leaves , etc . ) are underway injectsmaa - like fxaa , but looks and performs better ( disable fxaa if using this ; if using enbseries , use the ' proxylibrary ' . ini setting to also use injectsmaa with enbseries ) skyrim project optimization [ uses ] a feature called occlusion culling , where [ it ] manually puts occlusion planes in some spots of the interiors to improve performance . what these occlusion planes do is unrender parts of the cell/objects/npcs that are not being seen by the player , in most cases behind a wall or above/below floors ( occluded ) . if less things are being draw on-screen at the same time , it means your hardware is using less processing power to achieve the same thing , and it automatically converts in better performance . these mods will increase performance , depending on a computer 's specs , but will degrade graphics or turn off visual effects : colorful lights - no shadows - more fps if your computer spec lurks somewhere near or below the edge of the recommended minimum system requirements you have probably noticed that the option to disable shadows is not offered in the launcher , and consequently may have noticed that the low quality shadow settings look like garbage . if you scratched a little deeper you probably tried disabling shadows by changing the commonly recommended ini values and were disappointed to find everything had turned dark and colorless . the vanilla shadow options amount to menu choices between a garbled blocky flickering striped mess and a beautiful slide show , or editing the ini to induce a global dungeon vibe . this mod offers a alternative that i think strikes a nice balance between eye candy and system performance by removing most of the system-hog shadows . everything will still be shaded to create the static , nice-looking shadows and colorful lights that utilize relatively little system resources . the shadows that are removed by this are the dynamically-rendered flickering shadows , commonly found near flames . bethesda hd textures redux this is a cut down version of bethesda hd texture pack for skyrim . it aims at improving skyrim visuals while , at the same time , allowing pc users with old systems to benefit from higher resolution textures . interior and dungeon fog remover removes fog in dungeons and indoor locations ; use this if getting low performance in these areas . replaces most default " fog " meshes with blank ones . several people have commented saying they are getting better performance in specific areas , so if you notice unusual performance drops in the presence of fog , this might help you . hialgoboost fps performance accelerator hialgoboost dynamically modifies internal rendering resolution in order to increase frame rate , and utilizes various additional approaches to make the game more responsive and smoothly controllable . it does not affect game contents . ( shamelessly copied from my answer in another question here . )
sharks can be found in most open water areas in far cry 3 . look for the shark symbol on the map , you should see several .
to complete the group dungeons that do not belong to your own faction , you will first have to talk to the undaunted and become one of them ( this is optional , if you have got someone else " opening " the dungeons for you ) . talking to them will reveal the dungeon locations ( read : map pins ) for your current zone/tier . complete the group dungeon belonging to your current zone ( i.e. . your own faction ) first . for example , if you start in the daggerfall covenant , the first group dungeon to be completed would be spindleclutch . once completed , the other two group dungeons of that tier will be open to you . once visible on your map and unlocked , you can just click the group dungeon icon to travel there ( it is essentially a wayshrine ) . note that each and every faction got their own instances of those dungeons , i.e. you can not group with someone from another alliance to run these dungeons . the story and content are identical though .
in fact you cannot : its a feature implemented in the dreamworld game engine all the funcom mmos are built upon . having worked myself at funcom on age of conan , i can tell you that playing the game in windowed mode and reducing it ( not switching to an other program , but reducing it in the task bar ) was working at that time ( maybe they have " corrected " that kind of bug since ? ) . but i doubt it ever worked on the secret world , since the secret world always had the new features and bugs fixed .
the deck that i have had the most success with is as follows : jace 's phantasm ( 2 ) , visions of the beyond ( 2 ) , tome scour ( 2 ) , unsummon ( 2 ) , hedron crab ( 2 ) , counterspell ( 2 ) , into the roil ( 2 ) , jace 's erasure ( 2 ) , mind sculpt ( 3 ) , crippling chill ( 3 ) , sands of delirium ( 1 ) , sword of body and mind ( 1 ) , clone ( 2 ) , sleep ( 1 ) , icy manipulator ( 2 ) , telemin performance ( 1 ) , archive trap ( 1 ) , body double ( 1 ) , traumatize ( 1 ) , scalpelexis ( 1 ) , isleback spawn ( 2 ) , chancellor of the spires ( 2 ) the breakdown looks like this : mana 1: 10 mana 2: 9 mana 3: 5 mana 4: 5 mana 5: 5 mana 7: 4 sub total : 38 total ( inc mana cards ) : 65 the focus of the deck is to attack the other player 's library , while drawing cards . half of the spells in the deck are low-cost ( 1 or 2 mana ) to allow for a constant assault . this also means you should be able to start right away . i have ignored cards that allow the opponent to draw cards , as i found this to be a great help whenever i play against jace 's deck . in answer to the second question , there are several ways to modify this deck , but i would advise staying as close as possible to the 60 card deck minimum . a full listing of available cards ( by deck ) can be found here
here 's a very handy diagram for how the crew skills relate to each other .
it is always random , you can select game modes via custom battles , but i do not think quests are completable within them . as you gain tiers ( 3 ranks = 1 tier ) more and more game types are introduced . so by tier 5 you have all of them . within tier 1 and 2 there are limited game modes , so combat recon might not be available until tier 3 . i know for sure it is in tier 3 , might be there in 2 . *Tier 1 - Rank 1 - 3 *Tier 2 - Rank 4 - 6 *Tier 3 - Rank 7 - 9 *Tier 4 - Rank 10 - 12 *Tier 5 - Rank 13 - 15 
the star trek online wiki has a wonderful description of each damage type , i have copy and pasted them below ( in case the website goes boom ) . phaser damage is displayed as an orange colored beam . it is a directed energy primarily used by the federation for both ground and space weaponry , although in-game any race or faction can use phaser energy weapons . the term " phaser " is an acronym for phased energy rectification . player-acquired starships for the federation by default come with phaser energy weapons . shields and armor with the [ pha ] suffix modifier take 20% less phaser damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : disable 1 subsystem for 5 seconds ( space ) / 5% chance : +2 hold disruptors are a type of directed energy used in weapons , and are green or dark green in color . they are used by races such as the romulans , klingons , gorn and orions . there are multiple types of disruptor energy ranging from type 1 to type 3 , although in-game there does not appear to be any difference between disruptor energy weapons . disruptors cause damage to the target by breaking the bonds of atoms . shields and armor with the [ dis ] suffix modifier take 20% less disruptor damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) : 10% damage resistance debuff plasma energy beams are emerald in color . plasma projectiles are typically seen in use by romulan , cardassian and borg vessels and weapons platforms . high-yield plasma projectiles are extremely powerful . focused beam plasma energy is not directly used by any one race or faction in the game . shields and armor with the [ pla ] suffix modifier take 20% less plasma damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) chance : applies a non-stacking dot tetryon energy beams are blue in color . tetryon weapons are not specifically used by any race or faction , but they are available to anyone . tetyrons are subatomic particles that exist outside of normal space . when brought into normal space from subspace ( artificially or naturally ) they become highly unstable . shields and armor with the [ tet ] suffix modifier take 20% less tetryon damage than usual . energy bonus : bonus damage to shields ( ground and space ) polaron directed energy was heavily utilized by the jem'hadar during the dominion war on both their starship and ground weapons . in star trek online they are pink/purple in color and are available to all races and factions . they are first available to players at the captain rank ( mk viii ) . polaron ground weaponry typically leaves an anticoagulant behind , although this is not the case in the game . shields and armor with the [ pol ] suffix modifier take 20% less polaron damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : -25 power to all subsystems ( space ) / 5% chance : weapons malfunction for 5 sec ( ground ) antiprotons , when confined into a beam , are normally yellow in color ; however , in star trek online it appears near identical at distance to phaser energy 1 and the differences are only apparent up close . [ 2 ] up close , the energy looks a lot more unstable , similar to plasma and tetyron energy . antiproton beams were used by the planet-destroying doomsday machine . in the game , antiproton energy is used on end-game weaponry . shields with the [ ap ] suffix modifier take 20% less antiproton damage than usual . energy bonus : +2% critcal chance +40 critical severity in star trek online all types of torpedoes and mines use kinetic energy as a form of damage . kinetic energy is highly negated by shields both in ground combat by a personal shield and space combat by a shield array . kinetic energy is produced from the reaction of any explosion . although projectiles are based on kinetic damage they do have some differences ; for example , quantum torpedoes and mines use plasma-based warheads , whereas photon torpedoes and mines use a standard matter/antimatter warhead . all projectiles are fully based around kinetic energy damage . energy bonus : none
first pause the game using spacebar . then click the weapon icon you intend to cancel the shot from as if to target it to another system , then right click somewhere in empty space to cancel the shot entirely .
one of the major considerations i make when creating a load out is " what do i want to do with this load out ? " then i pick and choose perks that best suit that end goal . here is an example of a load out that i used to answer the need " i want to run around like a nut and knife people like crazy . ": usp + tac knife riot shield flash bangs marathon pro lightweight commando pro the synergy here is strong , and its also quite annoying to the opponent . i will go over the synergy even tho i fear it is quite obvious . first off lightweight gets you moving much quicker , the pro for lightweight does not really help much in this load out , but its always a bonus . moving quicker is nice since you want to focus on knifing people with this load out , which brings me to the usp + tac knife . this allows you to knife much faster and much more frequently . many times i have been able to sneak into a room and kill off 3+ people because of being able to knife so quickly . without it maybe 1 or 2 people before they start to react and take me down . the riot shield is great for fleeing from an opponent , as it greatly reduces the surface area of your body that is available to shoot . as well as allowing you to provide a distraction to your opponents for your teammates if you pull it to the front and block for them . flash bangs are always useful , even more so when you need to get close to the opponent . ( to knife them ) marathon pro is important because it allows you to run forever , which is very important when you have to be close to kill , and also makes those pesky ladders not so pesky . commando pro lets you take that swipe much sooner and greatly increases your lethality when focusing on knife killing . and the pro , removing falling damage is amazing when you are running around like a nut trying to avoid getting shot . jumping out a window without fear of death is a nice thing to have . so , there ya go , the focus of the load out is to keep moving get close and stab a lot . every item in the load out furthers that goal to some extent , as well as providing a little bit of utility to help the team if needed .
there are very few guaranteed sources of anything in crawl . as of dcss 0.8 , the ways to resist electricity are : the shock resistance mutation . great if you get it , but short of being a black draconian ( who gets it when his color is declared ) , it is unlikely . the thin metallic scales mutation at level 3 also confers shock resistance . wield a staff of air . a staff of air is a relatively common find by the time you get to zot . you might carry it as a spare weapon and wield it in case of danger . if you are a melee or ranged weapon fighter or earth spellcaster , this is mostly for running away ( perhaps to equip more suitable armor ) , not for fighting . wear storm dragon armor ( a hide is enough ) . this is often a good option for heavy armor characters , and storm dragons are common enough that you are reasonably likely to collect some armor before zot . wear , put on or wield an artifact that confers shock resistance . this is obviously up to chance . note that you can switch weapons and jewelry in one turn ; armor requires several turns . cast the insulation spell ( charms/air level 4 as of dcss 0.8 ) . the duration is 10–100 turns depending on random draw and power . quaff a potion of resistance . the duration is 35–74 turns . take on statue form . i believe the maximum damage from electric golems and titans has been toned down in dcss ( i think they could one-shot some very-low-hp character builds back in 4.0b26 ) , so permanently-on resistance is less mandatory than it was back then . on the other hand , there are now more shocking monsters ( draconians ) , and there is more risk of needing all resistances at once ( draconian packs ) .
no , you can not change your face or gender after creating your character , you had have to make a new one . you can however make a new , non-mayor character that is female ( they will have to more or less start over with various things like house payments , encyclopedia , catalog ) . in addition you can also use a mii mask from harriet to look female ( i believe you can use a different gender 's mii mask anyway , i have not tried ) . and if you wear a female " dress " type item , your character 's animations will actually change to the female animation set ( note certain " dresses " are unisex or male clothing ; as a male able will make a comment if you attempt to buy female clothing , those dresses will change your animations ) . i am not sure if there is a way for female characters to change to the male animations .
they drop randomly from doing jobs and fighting in new york . presumably , the rate is similar to any other chop shop item , as there are not exceptions noted , but i personally have not fought or done jobs in ny at all really since the chop shop was introduced , so i am not entirely sure . ~ source
epic war has a large collection of warcraft 3 maps . just choose a category on their search page : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/ here is a search url for all survivor td maps , sorted by downloads : http://www.epicwar.com/maps/search/?dosearch=1name=category=5players_bool=1players=1roc=1tft=1order=descsort=downloadspage=1
you need lapis strawberry from the 3rd stratum take points ( click here , ctrl + f and enter the item name ) as you will see , it is a rare find and i think at this point i had take skills of 10 and still did not get too many , there are 2 take points on floor b12 so you can run around going to these and waiting for them to replenish is a good way to grind exp ( level 12 seems a bit low to me , i average 2 levels per mapped floor ) . also i would invest in focus , for every level in this skill will allow the user ( arthur and simon ) will recover 1 tp only if they are at full health , since i normally have simon in the front line this means arthur could have infinite tp with the basic formulas , at a high enough level your tp gain will be greater than your spend ( at least for weaker formulas ) . i also remember rosa having a cordial that is like her initial one but regens tp instead of hp but i always use the initial one or the one that up 's health in rare cases . finally , i would rush the queen , this way not as many eggs have been laid and since the ant queen and her spawn are weak to ice , ricky and arthur can double up the damage for a turn or 2
hold down back ( xbox ) or select ( ps3 ) , go to " quick gps " and select " atm " which will put a waypoint on the nearest atm . this is from the gta online guide - interaction menu : use the interaction menu to access the quick gps function , which will help you find your way to useful locations more quickly . view the interaction menu in game by holding select/back . use quick gps to quickly navigate to locations such as your home , nearby atms , ammu-nation and more . you can also use quick gps while doing missions – objective locations will appear as quick gps destinations . called pegasus for one of your air or sea vehicles ? then select ‘pegasus vehicle’ as a quick gps location and go straight to your awaiting vehicle . edit : here is a little more information about atms i found in the gta online guide : you can also access your bank account to make deposits and withdrawals using the internet , simply visit www.maze-bank.com from your phone’s web browser or any connected device . your bank is shared between your character slots so they can deposit and withdraw from the same account . gta dollars bought from the store will be deposited directly into your bank account .
the way the bonus pool system is designed , you are definitely experiencing a glitch . the bonus pool is designed as a reward / incentive . a negative bonus pool would punish you for playing ; there is no way this would ever be intentional . congrats on the promotion ! here are some links explaining the bonus pool : comprehensive sc2 league and ladder guide faq from blizzard i do not have any references to directly prove that a negative bonus pool is invalid , but it can be deduced from the various descriptions and observed behaviors .
ben 's answer is technically right , but not very detailed , and the post he links to is quite misleading . i am going to put the rest of this in spoilers , so only mouse over if you want to know what they are . the crystals are a food of sorts for a construct named blackroot . you do not have to wait til you get the tremor gauntlet to collect them , as they can be broken with redemption , after you talk to blackroot , who can be found in the western bend of the fjord .
there is an achievement for completing the game in one sitting , with 5 deaths or less , so i would think that for the standard player , it should not be very long . i completed it in one sitting myself , and it took me between 2 and 3 hours . for 1,200 points , i would expected a bit more , but the atmosphere and ambiance in the game mostly made up for my feelings of being shortchanged .
there is nowhere you can get " cheap " medicine . the prices you see are the prices you get . however , if you are looking for the most cost effective items for healing , the fresh water ( heals for 50 ) and energy root ( heals for 200 ) offer the most bang for your buck . fresh water is found at the veilstone department store top floor , and energy root is found at the herb shop in eterna city .
the mg4 shows as having explosive rounds when equipped with fmj . so it is sort of a glitch . look in the trivia section at the bottom : http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/mg4
the power of an attack directly correlates to how much damage you deal , because its presence in the damage formula is entirely multiplicative . so , an attack with 120 power will do twice as much damage as one that has 60 power . the same goes with your corresponding attack stat : a pokemon with 100 attack will do twice as much damage as one with 50 attack when using the same attack on the same target . stab has operated consistently since gen 1 so this applies to all of the games . stab increases the power of an attack by 50% if it matches one of your types . 60 becomes 90 , for instance . technician increases the power of an attack by 50% if its power is 60 or less . so the most you get is boosting an attack at 60 power to 90 . this occurs before stab is calculated , so your power would be 90 for stab , boosting it to 135 .
if you can not dig across to get to the adamantine , you will just have to start from above the magma sea and dig straight down once you have located the adamantine veins . and if you have not already : breach into the magma sea by channeling to make lower levels visible . to quote the simpsons : " no , dig up , stupid . " : )
there are specific vision indicators as you have already noticed but you cannot tell whether somthing is true vision ( ignores stealth ) or just a normal vision ( ignores fog of war / bushes ) . this depends entirely on the spell that is cast . a nidalee trap grants vision to a stealthed target and it used to have the same indicator ( second picture ) as corkis phosphorous bomb ( does not reveal stealth ) . if you see such a thing above your head it basically just means that the enemy has vision on this champion . here you can find a list with all stealth detection methods . here you can find a list of all vision generating spells . you will notice some of them use the same icon as stealth detecting ones . the following champion spells use individual " marks " for vision . the ones not listed use the standard " eyes " that look like this diana q ( champion is pierced by a ray of dim light , does not reveal stealth ) warwick e ( two red eyes , does not reveal stealth ) twisted fate r ( orange eye , does reveal stealth ) talon q ( blade above the target , does not reveal stealth directly but prevents from entering it due to ticking damage ) nidalee passive ( a yellow triangle , does reveal stealth ) rengar r ( not really a mark , but the champion glows red , reveals stealth )
any effect which states that it increases recovery of an attribute , without further qualification , increases it both in-combat and out . anything that is specific to one or the other will say so .
yes , it does . buying ( or being gifted ) the orange box is one of the ways to get " premium status " and the " proof of purchase " hat in tf2 . in fact , this is one of the original ways to do so . i own the orange box , which i bought a long time ago , and i have both of these things , even though i have never made a purchase via the mann co . store . others on the steam forums have reported that even after the game went f2p , this is still the case .
if you play on veteran but your partner plays on regular , the game will give you credit for the lower difficulty . this applies to any situation where the difficulties chosen do not match . usually there is a warning to this effect , i believe over the picture of the specop you are starting .
i believe that is the zelda room , you will need to have the fire flower and light up the torches in the room . there is a fire flower in the very first room between the " ! " question mark boxes . [ ? ] [ ? ] [ ? ] x &lt ; --there is some fire power . [ ? ] hope that helps . . the formatting for posting that picture is a little off but you get the idea if your looking at the very first room of the world .
maybe you were ' locked-in ' with a different character without realizing it . here are the dialogue options from the wiki for a male shepard , a love interest is " locked in " once you express interest at the following dialogue points : jack : " i want to talk about us . " to prevent locking-in , say " never mind " . tali : " i want to talk about you . " at the point where she beckons you toward the drive core . to prevent locking-in , say " so you are not interested ? " followed by " i need to think about this . " miranda : " can we talk ? " at the point where she says " i do not know what this is , if it is just stress , or blowing off steam , or . . . " you can not opt out ; every option results in either becoming locked-in , or the relationship being broken off permanently . hope you saved before the conversation ! at this point you know that shepard has successfully ' locked in ' that romance . shepard can still express an interest in other crew members . however , the new love interest will ' challenge ' shepard 's love-triangle and force shepard to dump the ' locked-in ' option in order to be with them . once a potential relation is at the ' challenge ' part , there is no way to express disinterest in them no matter what shepard choose . however , if shepard dumps someone who is ' locked in ' , that romance option will never be available . a romance scene with the ' locked-in ' character will be shown when the normandy sr-2 proceeds through the omega 4 relay . although it is possible to have a sexual encounter with jack before this , it does not count as a romance . if shepard and the love interest survive the suicide mission , it is possible to invite him or her up to the captain 's quarters to either sit with them on the couch , or lie with them on the bed .
these sort of messages are typically received from civilizations that are hostile to your own . i believe the idea behind those is to let you know that civilization is hostile to you . to give you a hint about the areas in which you are lacking ( e . g . if they say you are uncivilized , it indicates your culture output is too low ) . i am pretty sure that among the two response options , one is just to slightly increase the hostility and one to slightly decrease it , basically giving you some influence about the future of the relations .
you can free-fall ( with the " dying " animation ) for a few seconds before you are reset up on your high ledge . your best bet is moving down successive ledges until you get to your destination . it will take more time than just jumping down directly , but it is faster than trying and failing multiple times . some tips : i believe i was the one with the jumping tip—even if you are in the " dying " animation , tap a rapidly right before hitting the ground . you will jump once and not die . when falling near green wall vines , press ↑ to catch them . you can stop your fall this way even if you are in the " dying " animation . float down slowly by holding down a whenever gomez does the " dying " animation . he will stop heaving in a few seconds and you can continue downwards . you will lose some downward progress by floating up , but if you do this a few times on your descent , you will find you can float all the way down . there is no secret reset spawn code , as you mentioned . if you reset your game , you will start the room near the door used to enter it . if you just can not make it down , you can just continue on—the last room node in the chain invariably has a nearby warp portal back to the warp zone . i can help more specifically if you mention the room you are in .
overclocking the sensors decreases the amount of time it takes to run a scan . when to overclock depends on your game configuration . if your game is configured such that sensors operate at unlimited range , science should be scanning the ships idly whenever possible . you will probably only be engaging enemies you have already scanned , so overclocking is effectively never used . however , if your game is configured such that sensors operate at a highly limited range , or if you have found yourself in combat and did not expect it , overclocking sensors can be a huge boon . you want to scan your enemies as fast as possible ; this way , you know what frequency their shields are vulnerable to and waste less time in movement . generally , there is no reason to overclock , but do it when you need the information from science immediately .
since soul trap can not be resisted ( well , except by corpses and dragons and the like ) , i do not think there is much of a point in stacking soul trap . but there is one minor one that has more to do with fiery soul trap 's mechanics than stacking soul trap . the fire damage on fiery soul trap is fixed at 10 , aside from perk effects . that means if you turn the magnitude all the way down to 1 ( 1 second soul trap ) , you are doing 10 fire damage for far cheaper than a normal fire enchantment . you can then add a longer soul trap and have it be marginally cheaper than if you had just made the fiery soul trap enchantment stronger , i believe . i did not look too far into it because it seems kind of wasteful , but for me the break-even point was 8-second soul trap ( so 9- or 10-second soul trap + 1 sec fiery soul trap is cheaper than just 9- or 10- second fiery soul trap ) . there are way better combinations , of course , because one second of soul trap is really all you need . there is a similar mechanic for the notched pickaxe . it does shock damage ( at 50% of the magnitude of a shock enchantment ) and grants a bonus to smithing . you get the +5 bonus to smithing no matter the magnitude of the shock damage .
like final fantasy xiii , extras are unlockables you can use out-of-game when you complete certain objectives . they are always tied to major achievements , like completing the storyline or non-trivial achievements ( gold or platinum trophies in the ps3 version ) 1 . for the ps3 version , the extras available are xmb themes . for the xbox 360 version , the extras available are gamer pictures/icons . note 1 : gamefaqs has the specific info about how to unlock them .
there are several differences , some major , some minor : no eidolons several paradigm role abilities have been removed or consolidated paradigm shifts are much faster and do not have heavy animations involved in them party ai within each paradigm can be tuned to focus on one enemy or area-of-effect attacks deterministic pre-emptive strikes via the mog clock : you decide how to engage most non-boss battles incorporation of cinematic action sequences ( read : quick-time events ) no permanent third party member : replaced with a " paradigm pack " of monsters , which allows one of three monsters to be switched out mid-battle depending on your paradigm deck monsters have " feral link " abilities ( read : limit breaks )
yes , according to the minecraft wiki page on beacons : adjacent beacons may share blocks in their pyramids , allowing for fairly efficient designs that provide multiple powers . here 's an example , again from the wiki :
it is actually true . taunting when standing on a capture point speeds up capturing a 10% . you can see it in the " pro tips " in game :
it honestly does not matter . it has been proven many times that any type of armor can actually max out the armor caps with just 1 or 2 perks in their respective armor trees depending on which armor you want to use ( maxing out leather or iron takes a bit more perks/enchants than say daedric or dragon ) . they really do give you the ability to play any way you want and to remain viable . the link above shows the minimum perks needed to max out each classification of armor so you can pick what you want to look like and aim for that end goal .
as you can see by clicking on weapon links you can acquire them only in multiplayer . " acquisition : multiplayer : randomly rewarded by purchasing a multiplayer item pack after the mass effect 3: resurgence pack has been downloaded and installed . " from mass effect official site " first multiplayer expansion " " deadly weapons , new consumables , and powerful characters for each class in multiplayer "
i believe there is no factor for doing stunts , it is just the distance covered that counts . however i could find evidence both for and against the trick theory ( none of them 100% reliable , mind you ) for : http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/105768-13-andreas-increase-driving-skills against : http://gta.wikia.com/statistics if i remember correctly , it was a viable technique to level up these skills by jumping a vehicle onto a flatbed train and letting it carry you around the map for a few ( or for lots of ) rounds .
the weapons that currently do damage over time are in these two lists : fire weapons bleed weapons which correspond to the two things that can do dot currently , afterburn and bleed . the gloves of running urgently used to do self-damage as long as they were equipped . that is been replaced with minicrits on yourself , but it is possible that a new item may have that effect .
the mass effect inventory is shared - what is shepard 's is everyone else 's too . that said , the only thing that does not count against the limit are those items which you have equipped . it might be time to goop some avenger 's down to omnigel , or make bank offloading your ill-gotten guns to the nearest shop owner . clear out some guns , armor , and mods , and you will have plenty of space again in no time .
if you die as a phantom you only return to your world where you last rested at a bonfine . there is no penalty to dieing as a white or gold phantom . in addition as a blue phantom you also do not incur a penalty . however if you invade others as a red phantom you " die" ( drop souls and humanity ) where you were when you invaded but you remain human and return to the bonfire .
a simple pulse lengthener will work here . it works like this : the first block gets powered from the pressure plate ( or you can power it in some other way ) , the redstone line immediately takes power from there , so all the pistons go up instantly . after some time the repeater draws power from the block and powers the next block , and so on . . . when you step off the pressure plate , the first block no longer powers the redstone line , but all the next blocks still do ; the first repeater turns off after some time and the 2nd block is not powered anymore . . . but the line is powered until the last block loses power . if the signal is shorter than 4 ticks , this scheme will not work well , but buttons always give a 5-tick pulse and pressure plates ' signal lasts at least 5 ticks . and by the way , i used iron blocks , but these can be any non-transparent blocks , old answer or , for a different behavior , use an rs nor latch as in this screenshot . this scheme will keep the pistons up for at least the time it takes the current to go through the repeaters , or for more time if the player keeps standing on the pressure plate .
its simply for entertainment . the game watches for the last kill before the objective was completed ( not sure how much earlier it can be ) and displays it as the final kill . if there were no last kills , theres no final kill cam
i always thought that it was the top 3 players of each team . those links seems to tell that sometimes one or two guys are selected randomly .
some ps3 users have had problems with this also . it appears to be a game bug that affects a limited subset of users . for other users , the course rank shows up correctly . i was unable to find a solution , or any offical developer comment on these issues .
my best guess is yes , since having steam does not affect any game " saving format " . just make sure you are transfering the save of skyrim , and not the one that steam saves and sync to cloud .
not at the moment . the mod tools are still somehwat limited since the source code for many of the libraries has not yet been released , so i do not think it is possible to create all the underlying systems of espionage points , missions , etc . i would not be surprised to see it in the future though .
it happens to me too , and only at shang simla , no other place . . . i read around and the common conclusion is that a sim out there got stuck and can not find a right pathing to get out so it keeps running a check to find a correct pathing to get out of the stuck condition , which is why the game lag every few min ( game time ) . . . which makes sense since there are quite a few spots there where a sim can get stuck with the horrible pathing . i use http://ts3.tscexchange.com/index.php?topic=4685.0 which seems to help , but like any cc it probably has some risks too
according to sony themselves , your wallet funds do not expire . a psn gift card however , does , if not applied to your wallet within a year of purchase .
to answer your questions , in order : treats are common and cheap , so use them up without worry . gems , on the other hand ( these teach spells to familiars ) are much more rare . be wary of how you use these . you can not undo treats , but do not worry about it . you will be able to tame another version of the critter if you do not like how you allocated points . do not worry about keeping your starter familiars either , you will find consistent upgrades along the way . as i mentioned above , gems are what teach abilities , not treats . it will be clear to you .
yes , other non-descendents can inherit . think of it this way : they are a descendent of the previous holder of the title ( the current ruler 's parent ) , so they are already in line for the title . one brother inheriting does not remove the other 's claim to the title , so the second brother is the first brother 's heir , at least until the first brother has children . then the second brother is still in line for the title , after the first brother 's children .
you can not add queens to the group while they are in production . to make things even worse you can not even set the rally point for them , since queens always spawn directly near the hatchery ( in free space ) ignoring the rally point . and since they emerge directly from it , there are no eggs to be grouped . there already are few threads on blizzard forum where people complain about this issue . here under " spawn larvae " section there are few tricks on how to use spawn larvae ( queen ability ) faster , in your case it might help you to select queens and group them a bit faster .
no hiding spaces ? no bullets ? no problem . use a flare . all the nearby monsters will panic and you can just walk right past . here 's a video demonstration .
the expansion pack is windows only . it does not show up on a mac where i was trying to use it . in windows , it shows up under “downloadable content” menu in the game .
with a gold membership , you will have the ability to play with friends and family online . additional perks of having a gold membership can be found here : xbox live membership ( us only ; compare with uk or australia ) you do not have to pay for online access per game you wish to play multiplayer in on top of the subscription fee , though some of the newer games have started implementing an " online pass " feature , which locks multiplayer access until you buy a pass from the xbox live marketplace . these passes come free with new copies of those games , but for those who purchase used copies , you will have to purchase this separately . i am also assuming that you have an internet connection at your home ? otherwise the built-in wifi adapter would not do you much good .
as of now ( open beta ) guild creation works like this : you need to be at least level 12 . a guild registrar npc in your main city ( thayd or illium ) , ask a guard for directions . the cost is 10 gold . no charter signing needed . there is a guild currency called influence , earned by playing together with other guild members . it is used for unlocking different guild perks .
i tried it tonight , and it did not seem to have any direct effect ( maybe it is random ? ) . however , the chinese were very happy that i did not blame them , and i got something like a +50 boost from them .
the servers show day or night depending on the actual , real-world time of the server . many dayz servers show the timezone ( as an offset from gmt/utc ) that server is set for . for example , the server DayZ - US #00 (1.7.2.3/95251) [REC][GMT-5] is located in gmt-5 , whose current time can be found here . at the time of this writing , it is 10:30pm there , so that server will have night . if the server does not display the timezone in the server-name , the best you can do is join servers located in a part of the world that currently has daylight . a lot of them change the timezone , though , so this method is not fool-proof .
yes , the vendors change their inventory each day , as well as the prices on individual items . this is mostly from personal experience , but due to the time since i last played gen4 , backed up by the bulbapedia entry on the underground . the top of the article also has a handy map that shows where the different types of vendors hang out ; in the map of the underground at the top of the page , the yellow dots are the trap vendors , the red dots are the treasure vendors , and the blue dots are the goods vendors .
as lyrion said , auctioneer is probably the most popular auction house tool for gathering information . but i have found that no one add-on always gives you everything you need . you may want to check out some other auction/crafting mods , such as auctionator and tradeskillmaster , which can help you to optimize your crafting . regardless of the convenience of the tools you use , a big part of crafting and playing the market will be the manual tasks of paying attention and recognizing demand .
there is no limit of how many times you can promote ( whether its the same class over and over or different classes ) . you will gain 75 points of war assets each time and a boost to your n7 ranking . the only draw back of doing so is you will ( very slowly ) lock yourself out of seeing any ending other than the best ending if you get some ridiculous amounts of war assets .
try the following settings in console : cl_cmdrate 60 cl_updaterate 60 rate 25000 net_graph 3 then look at the graph that pops up . what is your fps around , and are you getting any choke or loss issues ?
it was most likely eaten by an enemy . you are going to need to buy another . the enemy that took it is probably the flower like creature that sticks its tongue out while it attacks , called a pikit . if you are playing the gameboy advance version , it could also be a like-like that took your shield .
how to find fortress in nether world ? they are there , and will spawn in every world ( assuming you are not using a really old version of minecraft ) , though , they can sometimes be difficult to find . there are a few " quirks " in the generation code that you can take advantage of in order to make finding the nether fortresses easier . tips taken from the minecraft wiki on nether fortresses : nether fortresses tend to spawn in " strips " aligning along the z axis ( north/south ) in the nether . ( tested over 200 seeds so far , the trend is strong in all tested seeds - confirmed with amidst . ) if you do not see a nether fortress within 100 blocks or so north/south of your starting position , it is best to search diagonally or east/west . if you continue searching north/south , you may be between strips and never find one . on the flip side , if you have found a nether fortress , it is best to search north/south from there to find more . when trying to spot nether fortresses , a potion of nightvision can help considerably . if you are not opposed to using external tools or mods , there are several tools which predict where structures will be generated , and create a map for you . the only one i know of off the top of my head ( although there are several out there ) is amidst which creates a map of your specific seed , and should work in the nether as well . this will help you find the structures without having to create those chunks by exploring the area first . is nether world almost limitless like overworld or limited size ? the nether is exactly as limitless as the overworld ! ( which means , there is technically a limit several million blocks out at which point it starts overwriting old chunks , but there is no chance you can reach that limit " accidentally " , you need to travel in a straight line for several real-life days without stopping . ) is there only 1 fortress in nether world or many ? there are many ! while there is a hard limit of three strongholds per world , there is no limit to the number of nether fortresses ; you can keep on traveling farther and farther , and new fortresses will keep springing up along the way .
nothing . i have hired both of them before and made huge batches of beer .
the ' ton map has two exists , one is the main entrance and the other is the paul 's apartment window . ( fire escape ) when in outside map ( hell 's kitchen ) and standing towards the main entrance , the window to paul 's apartment is at the right wall of the building . but when you walk in the ' ton map the window is in the wall directly in front of you . yes , the ' ton map is incorrect with regards to the outside map and is also 2-3 times larger than it should be .
mountain halls are simply dwarven-built settlements . having one close to your fortress will not impact you in any meaningful way , perhaps with the exception of larger migrant waves due to close proximity if both settlements belong to the same civilisation . i do not believe it is possible to start out at war with another dwarven civilisation due to wars being sparked by conflicting ethics , which are defined per race , not per civilisation , so you should be quite safe from the short menace . occasionally a mountain hall may be conquered by another civilisation , and if they are hostile to you you may suffer ( or enjoy , depending on your ability or level of masochism ) increased attacks , but it is relatively uncommon .
i am not sure about most important npcs , but im sure soldiers/police respawn and i think the civilians might respawn . the soldiersrespawn when a convoy ( red , green or other-colored arrow ) passes through or stops at the city .
i hope i do not misunderstand your question ( my english is not the best ) but i think the order of the assist display is dependant on what mmr/pickorder you had at the start of the game or at least the display order of the champions ingame . as you can see here alistar and karthus always appear next to eachother . and i hardly doubt that alistar did more damage than a karthus and it would be really strange if they allowed shielding/movementspeedbuffs to gain assists but made the order dependant of damage dealt to the champion . also here you can see the order of purple team on the right and the assist display . you may notice how the killer is ( what a surprise ) always the big icon , while the champions that assisted are in their order displayed on the right . i have no detailed information about how the ingame display order in normal games is created but in ranked games it is determined by the mmr ( not the division ) so i assume in normal it is the w/l ratio of your normal games .
access t-bone junction from the fast travel points . it shows for all characters after the install—there is no need to play through the game again to make it appear . ( i installed the dlc after i finished the original game . ) if you are having trouble , install all latest patches , reinstall the dlc , and reset your cache and try it all again ( in this order ) .
you can not get rid of these little shakes when you shoot and aim down to compensate the recoil . it is only possible , when you are using " sv_cheats 1" , so it will not be possible in any server . the nip aim is not smooth as you think . it just looks like it is smooth , because you are a gotv spectator . on gotv they turned off this visual shakes , to make it more watchable for a general public . try , instead , to get used to that . the shakes appears to annoy a little less when you play at 128 tick rate servers . try that too . good luck and keep practicing .
no , explosions do have random elements , and are therefore not deterministic . the minecraft wiki has an in-depth analysis of how explosions work in minecraft . the relevant bit : an explosion can destroy nearby blocks . its effect is evaluated independently on many explosion rays originating from the explosion center [ &hellip ; ] . each ray has an initial blast force randomized in [ 0.7 × power , 1.3 × power ] . so an explosion consists of lots and lots of separate " blast rays " that have a random variance of up to 30% , and are therefore non-deterministic . the article even answers your question outright : [ &hellip ; ] but how many blocks an explosion can destroy is non-deterministic and also dependent on the specific location of the explosion .
if you choose to kill her you gain a powerful staff and return as a hero and become king , if you wish to rule with her then you both go back and rule together ( you gain a destiny card for both of them but they are the same ) if you rule alone everyone will be happy and call you your grace of you rule together they will call you chancellor
nephalem valor only functions for level 60s . you also must have been involved in the fight against the champion or elite to receive the buff , but you do not have to be present at the actual time of the kill .
i went to lago zancudo , there is a gas station where i fortunately found a tanker ( what trucks use to carry gas ) . i parked the security van next to it and i shot the tanker from a distance . four shots later it blew up and open the backdoor , dropping a brief case with $7,000 ! ! ! !
start with a bigger world ? if all you want is room to spread out . in civ 5 there are actually reasons not to want to spread out so much , if you want to go for culture instead . 4 cities with decent resources is plenty to get you to the modern age , with the added advantage that you will have 4-5 more social advancements than your rivals . just do not alienate everyone , so that you are able to trade for aluminum and uranium . remember that on difficulty higher than 4 , the ais cheat . they will have more settlers , workers , and military much faster than you do . you can not beat them in the early game just by outbuilding them , you need to out-think them as well . this is where diplomacy can come into play ; if you can trick the ais into starting a war with one another , it does hurt their economy ( not as much as it would hurt yours , but a little ) .
the steam forums have a few answers : renaming a steam-screenshot workaround via vlc both should work just fine but do take some effort ; ) the first option is to make a screenshot ingame , give the name of that screenshot to the screenshot you want to add and to copy the renamed screenshot over the steam-screenshot . the second option requires some more steps : download , install and add vlc to your steam library . run vlc from steam . select open file and select your image ( select any file is necessary ) . go into full screen modus ( double-click the screen ) . make a screenshot with steam .
when you have no weapon or car upgrades with left over money , Fame just adds automatically to your character .
you can not specify your opponent in a ranked game because that would allow people to ' cheat ' the ranking system by simply having your friend allow you to win again and again .
you are immediately supposed to know you are not playing as solid snake . the game takes place in 1964 ; metal gear takes place in 1995 and stars solid snake , who looks the same age as ( or younger than ) snake in mgs3 . if you have played mgs1 / mgs2 , you know solid snake is a clone of big boss . well , here 's a game where you play a character who looks exactly like solid snake , 30 years earlier , and has the codename " snake " . who could that be ? as someone paying attention to gaming news when mgs3 was being previewed , kojima was coy during interviews , but " everyone " knew that this game starred big boss before it came out .
starting a new campaign does not erase achievements , unlocked portraits , or decals . all it does is start the missions over , from the beginning , so you can , for instance , take the alternate routes on the 3 " choice " missions ( and see the after-mission movies , which you are not privy to when simply replaying the mission via the archive ) . it may also be the only way to lower your elapsed time for the " hurry up it is raid night " achievement . ( on account of being able to skip some missions )
i am not exactly sure what you are counting as rewarding ( only tangible objects ? achievements ? gold ? ) , so i will try to cover everything . pretty much the best use for excess candy corn is to give it to the kids dressed up in costumes in lion 's arch . you can give increments of 10 ( 1 bag ) , 20 ( 3 bags ) , and 50 candy corn ( 8 bags ) in order to receive personalized trick or treat bags . personalized trick-or-treat bags have a higher chance to drop the rare salvage items that you need ( plastic fangs / nougat centers / chattering skulls ) . you need these in order to create the recipes for the gifts ( gift of spiders / gift of souls / gift of the moon ) that are required for the 3 craftable halloween weapons , arachnophobia , the crossing , and the mad moon . note that only the recipe to make the gifts requires candy corn , not the actual recipes for the gifts themselves . for example , you need 250 cc+100 nougat centers+40 bottles of elonian wine +10 piles of crystalline dust to create the artificer recipe for the gift of souls . however , the gift of souls itself is made up of non-halloween items ( gift of knowledge +250 orichalcum ingots +20 globs of ecto +100 crystal lodestones ) , which means that after you acquire the recipe , that is all you have to worry about in regards to time-sensitive halloween resources . i forgot that you do need to have 20 superior sigils of the night for crafting any single one of these weapons ( just not the gifts ) , so you would also have to have a store of 2,000 cc in order to craft one of these weapons after halloween . however , like many exotics , the requirements for these weapons are a bit steep in regards to both gold cost and/or time needed to spend farming for items , so you may wish to forego them and simply flip the rare items on the trading post . eating 150 pieces will also go towards netting you the october monthly achievement , which will net you 20 mystic coins and 10 jugs of liquid karma ( you will still have to fulfill the other requirements for the monthly ) . in addition , these bags will also count towards the number of trick-or-treat bags opened for the special event achievement " trick or treat bags opened " . and of course , you can also hang onto it and hope that after the event ends , the demand for candy corn ( and other halloween-related rewards ) will rise after the source of the supply has disappeared and try to flip it on the trading post for gold . the other rare skins available in this event only drop from black lion chests / mad king chests , so your candy corn will not increase your chance to get those . note that the prices for the gifts fluctuate . keep an eye out for the 10g mark , which is cheaper than the materials cost of the non-fluctuating vendor items ( 40x bottles of elonian wine ) required to craft the gifts , so it may be more worth your while to outright buy them if you want to eventually craft them .
you can only rob workers if they are available to be ' harvested ' . just think in terms of your own workers . most of the time , they have a timer on them indicating when they will be available to collect money from . if your opponent 's workers are in this state , then they cannot be robbed . when timer counts down to zero , this is when you can collect money from them , this is also when they are vulnerable to robbery . same applies to your opponent 's workers . therefore , if your opponent is extremely active , it leaves a very small window of opportunity for you to rob their workers , as it is more likely they will have collected the money from their workers before you have the opportunity to rob . is this clear to you ? it is really a matter of luck actually . there are two ways to do this . 1 ) randomly pick an opponent and check to see if any of their workers is ready to rob . keep repeating the process . or 2 ) you can camp by marking a specific opponent ( preferably one with many workers ) , and keep going back to him/her every now and then to check for valid targets . to mark an opponent , click on the rivals icon a the bottom of your game window , which will give you a list of opponents you have had contact with , click on your target and choose mark .
the game also contains " shopping list " type quests , for which some hunting accouterments are required . some of the hunting things ( particularly cougar skins and claws ) are hard to gather in a timely fashion , even with the hunter unlocked . you never need more than five of any item so every thing above that number is vendor trash . the homestead creation items are almost never worth the price in time and materials , even late in the game .
you do not . pa does not offer much to a gank as a level one hero beyond a 1-second slow and autoattacks .
no , staves can be neither enchanted nor disenchanted . if you are on pc , you can use the creation kit to either create a new staff or customize an existing one ( unique staves are good candidates , as modifying them will not change the ones npcs will use against you ) . with dragonborn , you can craft staves , but they are the same staves you could find or buy elsewhere - you cannot create custom staves . at the moment , no mods appear to have been developed that add this functionality .
the bad weapon and hands full ( the debuff for wielding two weapons without the dual weilding skill ) do not affect any of your statistics , but instead cause a direct percentage loss to your damage output when using melee weapons . bad weapon reduces damage by 28% . hands full reduces damage by 36% . i am not sure how these stack ( whether it is a straight 64% drop , or compounded ~54% drop ) . see the bad weapon page on the wiki if you want confirmation .
the team fortress 2 beta game is where the devs test changes to the game prior to rolling them out officially . it is not intended to replace the " real " game for normal play ; the rules for acquiring items are very different , for example , to facilitate testing . more detailed information is available from the official wiki .
the commander can start a surrender vote which the team has to accept by pressing f1 ( i think 75% have to accept , not exactly sure ) . however , the commander has to be in the bunker ( if he gets killed on the way to the bunker every time => no surrender possible ) and it only works if a building is missing in the base . for example to unlock surrender early , it is possible to just sell the default mg turret and the button will appear in the top right . i am a little unsure about the exact conditions for when the surrender button appears and sometimes it is even gone for good eventhough there are no buildings other than the bunker left and there is not a surrender vote active . in my experience , surrender votes never get through thanks to too many players with a " never surrender " mentality even if they die the second they spawn , so hoping on surrender is futile anyways .
how are you running the server ? i have run a server on a computer and port-forwarded the ports and had very bad lag issues with friends directly connecting . however , when i run it and my friends connect through hamachi , it seems to alleviate most of the lag . if you are not running through hamachi , you should give it a try . this seems counter-intuitive to me since you would think hamachi would add overhead , not take it away but what can i say , that is what i have noticed .
it is possible . if you use srcds to set up a dedicated server and note the lan ip of the computer hosting it , you can enable the developer console in-game ( under keyboard settings then advanced ) press the ~ key ( on foreign keyboards , it is usually whichever key is next to the 1 key ) to open it and enter the command connect &lt;LAN IP of server&gt; into it . you will then be dropped into the game . make sure to edit the key of the server so that random people do not start joining . consider setting it to lan-only . if you are using a non-qwerty keyboard , sometimes binding the developer console may not work . if so , you can edit the launch options and add --console . then , whenever you launch the game , you will have console open .
distance , plane weight , and plane speed are the 3 variables used to determine a plane 's flight expense . ( the higher these values , the higher the total cost . ) you can spend " bux " to upgrade an individual plane to lower its weight 3 times , by 5% , 10% , and 15% . these upgrades names ( in game ) are slightly misleading : they represent your total weight reduction , so each upgrade is only giving 5% for a total of 15% weight reduction , and 15% reduction in cost . see " napkin math " below for details . . . please note that increasing a plane 's speed via upgrades will increase flight costs , but lower flight durations . also note that adding/removing passengers and cargo currently has no impact on a plane 's weight . ( as of v1.0.3 anyway ) napkin math : i tried out a few speed and weight upgrades . . . each time i lowered my plane weight by 5% , it consistently lowered the route cost ( from original cost ) by another 5% . increasing the speed by 5% increased the route cost by 5% . when i combined the two , the results showed the effects multiplied . thus , the game appears to follow a simple formula for cost : weight ( w ) * speed ( s ) * distance ( d ) * someconstant ( sc ) = cost ( c ) so , if we reduce weight by 15% and increase speed by 5% . . . ( 0.85*w ) * ( 1.05*s ) * d * sc = 0.85*1.05 * c = approx . 89.25% change in cost .
just concept art , and a really excellent soundtrack of metal .
edit : i checked a bit deeper regarding this and yes , i was wrong regarding the deactivation of the account , still the same consequence as erasing the account , the games will be rendered unusable in the system ( s ) you deactivate your account from . if by deactivate you mean that you are going to erase the account , then yes , every game you have got that was downloaded by that account will be disabled , that means you will not be able to use it any more since the " owner account " is not in your system any more .
any of the barbarian abilities which generate fury only generate fury when they hit something - that means an enemy or a destructible item . do not you get angry when you leap into a pile of books ? i know my barbarian does .
the effect did not have any cool down that i could notice and is definitely not one time only . it saved my hide multiple times in adjacent rooms ( i was careless ) .
it is directly on the game tab of the options dialog , for some ineffable reason in the feedback area .
en_recovery.txt is the text for a custom firmware 's recovery menu ; usersystemlib620.prx seems to be related to using cfw to play kingdom hearts : birth by sleep . they may be safe to delete if you do not run cfw , but as always , keep a backup of your files handy just in case .
the answer to this is unfortunately : nope , not on ps3 . you can heal " neutrals " in the pc version but not the console version . even large area healing spells like group heal will fail to affect neutrals . depending on your party makeup you can consider using some of the " battle control " skills such as threaten and disengage to keep neutrals alive . if your warrior is the most threatening character in the battle he/she will draw attention away from everyone else , including the neutrals . provided you can keep the warrior alive under this kind of fire , you will probably notice the neutrals lasting longer .
yes , the elemental damage dealt by the gem ends up being increased by elemental damage gear . the +holy damage gear you have will not affect the gem 's listed damage , but it will affect the end result . the gem will still hit for 2000% ( or more depending on the rank ) . leveling gems increases the value of the blue text on the gem , so this one will increase every level - not sure of the exact increase . however , once the 2000% weapon damage as holy is calculated , the additional holy damage from your gear will be added on . essentially , if you do 500,000 in white damage per hit , then this gem should hit for 10,000,000 in holy . if you have +20% holy damage , then the resulting hit should be 12,000,000 . edit , some screen shots here is a normal white hit , as seen it is 290k here is a normal crit , 1.2m the range seems to be roughly 250-350k on my character for white hits , and 800k-1.6m for crits . i am bringing this up because with 75% crit , the holy gem seems to only crit . so , with 0% holy damage , this is what the crit from the gem looks like , 19m and this is what the hit from the gem looks like ( the crit was from my plain attack , the white is the gem ) , 3.9m okay so all of that was prior to the holy damage , i am now going to put on 20% and repeat the process : as you can see , yes , the damage modifier does factor in , holy damage on gear increases the damage done by this gem .
" tech " is bonus xp earned during a fight . it is generally awarded for succeeding in . . . unecessary areas , to put it bluntly . an example would be wakka in the beginning . when he yells , " take this ! " and throws his blitz ball at you , you can hit it back to him for bonus xp in the form of tech points . there are several other ways to earn tech points ( parrying an attack , exploiting an enemies weakness , etc . ) . the wikia gives a few more ( better ) examples than mine , though .
since it was i who wrote the referenced question , i might as well shed some light on the topic here . the protected servers i mentioned there are most likely tshock servers . tshock is an alternative dedicated server for terraria that adds in-game commands that enable , among other things , protection from griefing , spawning objects and enemies and privilege groups . at the time i write this tshock is not stable for terraria 1.1 yet , but in case you are interested you could have a look at tshock 's website .
ps3trophies . org seems to be maintaining a community sourced list , which currently contains over 200 titles , and lists other information that might be of importance . it can be found in a topic on their forums it believe that this is the most comprehensive list you can get .
the following gameplay video shows that the game goes on till you fail . after 980 meters , the gauge displays " max " instead of meters , and you can dig till you fail .
i do not think the ban wave is something you can predict by date . keep in mind that microsoft is not just banning any player , they are specifically banning players that they can reliably detect mods on . mods vs . microsoft is a back and forth game . the community releases a mod that is " undetectable " and some time later microsoft develops a way to track it . sometimes it can be tracked with current software , other times it requires a mini dashboard update before microsoft can detect it . but they will eventually find a way to detect it . once that system is in place , microsoft starts collecting accounts to ban . traditionally , microsoft has held on to these accounts until just before a big launch , as was the case with halo : reach . maybe they think banning right before a big game is going to get you to go out and buy a new console ? however , there is no guarantee that microsoft will ban people before any given game release . it depends on the cycle : is there a mod that is gaining in popularity ? has microsoft had the time to develop a reliable detection method for the most recent mod ? no one knows for sure , but the best way understand where we are in the cycle is to keep tabs on the modding community forums .
the way you have described the problem , the best bet is that it is continually switching between standing and prone . my first guess was that you actually have two cats on the same tile , one beneath the other , but then you had get the spinning green line as it switched from one to the other . so that is not it . as for why it is continually falling over , i am not sure we have enough information . cats do not eat or drink , so it is not collapsing in hunger or thirst . extreme pain or missing limbs would appear in the v iew unit -> w ounds menu . they probably will not appear in the v iew unit -> z tatus screen , because animals do not produce diagnosis tasks when they are wounded .
okay , i tried for myself now . donating 5 sovereigns = 200 xp ( outcome : 0.4 xp per silver ) donating 1 sovereign = 100 xp ( outcome : 1 xp per silver ) donating 50 silver = 50 xp ( outcome : 1 xp per silver ) as one can see , the payout for donating 5 sovereigns is worse than for the other two donations . but as you can only donate once , it may still be worth it , because xp are harder to gain than money .
sockets are available at level 15 , at that time i always end up getting a helm and socketing it for + % experience . what i always ended up doing when leveling , like my level 40 hardcore monk , is every 5-10 levels i will check the auction house to see if there is better exp gear available . i would always try to find exp rings and amulets that still had at least one good stat other than exp . the best form of exp is having the best weapon available ( what is the point of having a +10 exp with a 15 dps weapon when you can have a 45 dps weapon and kill things 300% faster ) . if you check every 5 to 10 levels you should notice a good jump in the + exp for each item and they should be relatively cheap . part of it also matters on how you level . are you way ahead of the game for your level and fighting creatures that are +5 your level , and what you kill gives more experience and takes you a little longer to kill each mob , or are you a little behind for your level ( as i am since i am hardcore ) where the + exp means more both because i kill things faster and they give me less experience . obviously , the + exp equipment is worth keeping if you are a little behind . in short : with my level 40 hardcore monk : i am still holding on to some of my exp gear , but i always find the best one-handed weapon and shield . my + exp rings , amulet and other gear typically have one good important stat that helps ( vitality or dexterity or resistance ) . every little chunk helps , if you kill a monster that is a little below your level and only receive 50 exp for it , the +52 exp as you mentioned makes a major difference ( over 100% more experience ) . even if you got 300 exp per kill that will make it 352 exp ( 17% increase ) which in theory means you will level 17% faster . : )
progress wars stores several cookies in your browser which it attempts to retrieve at each session to figure out your progress in the game so far . among these cookies are the cookies that allow the game to retrieve your level and progress each time you open the game site . if you cleared your browser 's data recently , you will have gotten rid of the cookies . also , your browser might be configured to delete cookies automatically when your session ends ; check your preferences . edit : recovering your progress : if your browser supports editing of cookies or if there exists an add-on which allows you to edit your browser 's cookies , you can " recover " your progress , although it can be considered cheating . on firefox : install this add-on or something similar tools > cookie editor find the cookie listed for progresswars . com called level . change the value to one below the level you were at when your progress was lost . refresh and click the progress button . you will be progressed to the next level and it'll be as though you reached the level through amazing dedication to progression . on chrome : tools > preferences > under the hood > content settings > cookies > show cookies and other site data same process as with firefox from here on in .
in the early game , shooting down ufos is going to be your only real source for these materials , so you are extremely limited to the amount of elerium and alloy you are able to acquire . as you progress into the later game , the more advanced aliens , namely heavy floaters , cyber disks , and sectopods , start to " drop " these items ( or are built out of them ) . in short , the only way to acquire these materials is to go on missions . shooting down a ufo ( or better yet , invading a landed ufo ) is the surest way to get these rarities .
the range within which a portal may counter attack appears to be twice of your hacking radius , i.e. around 70m . i have read of attacking high level portals standing just outside range to avoid xm depletion , esp . for high level farms . note that firing bursters from afar also means their damage is greatly reduced and you will need many more of them . however , since the actual firing of an xmp uses far less xm than the portal zap , this is a means to take down high level portals that would otherwise suck all xm from the scanner .
perhaps your omnipotent pork sword has extra enchantments on it ? the dredmor wiki says that this sword comes with +2 slashing , +2 piercing , and +10 hp . the other stats are not listed there . the " quality " stars are set by the type of weapon , and do not change if it is been enchanted , so that might explain why it is quite a bit better than a katana . on top of the fact that additional enchantments are not a factor in quality stars , after looking at the sword-class weapon list , it does not look like you can really compare artifacts to " standard " weapons by their quality stars alone . in general , it seems like the quality star system is kind of bogus . you will need to just take a look at the stats on your items to decide which is better .
yes , you can do that using the command setstage &lt;quest ID&gt; &lt;stage ID&gt; . in your case , the quest id is 00014e8b , the current stage is 55 and the desired stage is 60 ( the wikia article you have linked lists the stages and their ids ) . the exact command you want is setstage 00014e8b 60 .
sorry to tell you , but you can not . you need to use another nintendo ds ( or dsi , 3ds , anything ) . the guy at the transfer lab even tells you that you need another one .
smartbuff has been around for at least 3 years . always worked for me when i used to raid ( as a priest but works for other classes ) .
as i have just completed campaign level 30 now , and can say that : campaign levels 28-29 earn 20 each . campaign level 30 earns 1000 . a reliable friend , who is a little ahead , tells me : campaign levels 31-35 earn nothing , and cost 100 each to unlock . and taken from here , this is ( some of ! ) the rest : campaign levels 1-5 and 7-9 earn 20 each campaign level 6 earns 100 still leaves 10-27 , and the tutorials , unaccounted for . . . tutorials ( just quickly ran through ) : tutorials 1 and 2 earn 20 each tutorial 3 earns 60
yes : go into your profile menu , and hit manage profiles . there should be a " register " menu option .
no , you can not combine the poison with stuff at the moment , but it might be a planned feature . but you can create a splash potion out of your poison potion . because you can throw a splash potion it can be used against other entities . just beware , skeletons and zombies do not take damage from them . to kill these you need a splash health potion . source
the explosive barrels and mines count as traps , and those appear to be the only ones that can be reset consistently . some of the others are story related and you have to reload to the point before them . the reset for explosive items can be triggered by having a zone reload . you can accomplish this by going to a save point , changing and outfit , and exiting out . with the explosive things , you sometimes have to have the enemy hurt prior to killing them with the item . i actually went the route of reloading the area with the boulder and found that to be quicker and more reliable way to get the achievement .
when either one civilization has reached the information era or 50% of civs have reached the atomic era , the world congress becomes the united nations . in alternating un sessions , there will be a ' world leader ' vote , where civilizations and city states can vote on a single leader to unite the nations of the world under their influence and control ( aka win a diplomatic victory ) . each allied city state contributes one or two delegates ( depending on the era ) to vote for a civ , and if you have ever liberated a civilization 's capital city , that civ 's delegates will vote for you . other than that , the ai will always vote for themselves . it is not enough to simply have the most delegates . there is a minimum number of delegates required to be in favour of a civ in order for them to win . this means that if someone has gone on a city-state shopping spree there may not be enough delegates left in the world for a player to win a diplomatic victory . the number of votes required is determined by game conditions such as the number of civilizations and city states in the game . in order to maximize your chances , you need to make sure you control as many delegates as possible . depending on your era , you get the following delegates by default : atomic era : 4 by default , +2 for being the host , and +1 per allied city-state . information era : 5 by default , +2 for being the host , and +2 per allied city-state . other ways to increase your delegate count : the forbidden palace grants two extra delegates . the globalization technology gives +1 delegate per spy assigned as diplomat you have in another civilization 's capital city . you get two extra delegates for being part of the world religion , if there is one . you get two extra delegates for being part of the world ideology , if there is one . if no civ receives enough support to win a world leader election , and you are among the two civs who received the most support , you permanently get additional delegates to use in future sessions ( please note that this was listed on the online civilopedia but is not something i can verify as a fact myself . if you find you are having trouble retaining city-state allies for the vote , a very cunning tactic which i have encountered is to wait until the turn before the vote , then buy out all the city-states to get their vote , then declare war on every ai so your allied city-states also go to war with them , meaning that they cannot be stolen as allies by the ai .
obviously the first thing you want to do is memorize the song . you will want to know when to expect the fast parts and whatnot to keep it as smooth as possible . to strum the harp , you are turning the wiimote left and right more than you are waving your arm left and right . so if it is pointed to the left , it will be playing at the lower strings . pointed to the right it would be playing the higher strings . when you are strumming the harp with kina , you want to be going at a speed where you play every note decently spaced out for each time they wave . if you were to look at their waves and your strums position over time , it should look like this : when the fast parts come up , it is a lot more lenient . you do not necessarily have to be evenly spaced out like the normal parts , you just want to finish before the next wave comes . the freestyle part , i think anything goes . i always played through them just random stuff . if you still need more pointers , i recorded myself playing through it .
if you are asking about the plain old mushroom spores , the spores you get from any plain mushroom , then i am convinced that they serve no other purpose in the game and only have a one time use . healing orielle 's loftwing i have done a fair amount of testing and could not find a single use for them . everything i have tried it on does absolutely nothing : hearts ( on flowers or on their own ) rupees ( green , blue , and red ) ammo ( seeds , bombs ) catchables ( grasshoppers , hornets , rhino beetles , non-blue birds ) enemies ( chuchus , bokoblins , octorocks , guays , babas , keese ) friendly characters ( kikwis , the old lady in the temple , townspeople ) diggable holes breakables ( pots , bushes , big fruits ) other mushrooms ( non-sparkling and sparkling ) bird statues other interactive items ( sticky plant bombs , stamina fruit , chairs , ropes , trees , etc . ) if on the other hand you are asking about the glittering spores , the spores you get from the glittering mushrooms , they have very limited uses afaik . there is only a couple of uses that i know of . you can use it on hearts or rupees to change them . hearts turn into fairies . rupees turn into different valued rupees , even a rupoor . on some of the smaller enemies , it knocks them dizzy . i was only able to do this on bokoblins , octorocks and babas ( the plants ) but did not have enough to test on others .
it is difficult ! generally your best best is to plant something behind the cob cannons that will kill the imps quickly , e.g. a gattling pea or melon-pult . unfortunately from recollection they will still manage to take one bite . over a long game you will lose your cob cannon and have to start from scratch . your solution of cattails is a good one to have in addition to the above . actually if you are on a pool level you should plant your first cob cannons on the pool lanes , as those are not attacked by gargantuars . insta-kills such as the cherrybomb , squash , jalapeno or cob cannon itself work , though the first two require an open square next to the imp which is unlikely . the cob cannon also takes a few second to fire so you would need to be very quick . and do not forget you can use insta-kills on the gargantuars themselves before they throw the imp in the first place !
yes , you do . as long as you see the popup notifying you that you earned an achievement , it is yours regardless of whether or not you finish the current mission .
emeralds can only be mined from the ore with an iron or diamond pickaxe . source
by default , most games do not have controller support . some of them do , especially newer ones . as time goes on more and more pc games are coming stock with controller support . a majority of them implement it very poorly , while very few actually have good ( and customizable ) controller support . i recommend using a third party solution globally regardless of what game you play ( whether it has support or not ) for one very important reason . the solution i will present to you , gives you 100% customization options , full support for all games , and comes pre-stocked with different " profiles " you can find to fill out controller controls per game . most are done by other gamers who have built them on their own while playing the game , and they get community ratings and supports so you can find out which ones are widely used , and liked . the app i recommend can be found here : http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/ it does cost money , but it is the best on the market . i have used controller support apps before that were free , and they never had the same level of customization , or power . they also do not feature the nicely built profile system to easily get new profiles instead of having to build the profile controls yourself . i personally stopped using the controller for most games on pc ( even though i use an alienware laptop ) . i started realizing that with a little bit of getting use to , most of the time the keyboard/mouse combo works the best , as that was how they were originally designed . although some games ( sleeping dogs for example ) have horrible pc/moues controls . most do the control schema very well . good luck , and let me know if you need more advice ! edit : below are a few profile links for some of the games you mentioned , and some other telltale games . http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/rogue-legacy http://pinnaclegameprofiler.com/pc-controller-support/alpha-gamepad-joystick/xbox-360-ps3-psx-etc/dont-starve
teamliquid has a big sc2 replaythread , also a good place to talk about reps . if you want to study replays and analyse them i suggest the youtube channels of hdstarcraft and huskystarcraft . they upload commented games with a bit of analyzing and also provide some tutorials . for a deeper game analysis i can recommend day [ 9 ] daily episodes . good places to find pure replays to download are sc2 replay section of nibbits . com and sc2rc . com the sites metioned by michael are also great resources ; )
it looks like it means that your xmp make double damages . critical just means double damage . so for example a l1 burster at zero distance will do 300 damage rather than 150 . that is what i have been observing . this doubling is affected by distance . as the damage is relative to resonator energy/level and it is rounded up to a minimum of 1% ( even if it is 0.2% for example when hiting a high level resonator with a level 1 burster ) you get those critical 1% hits . source
i have always set this option with my video card settings . . . i know for sure nvidia does this . not 100% sure ati does , but i find it hard to believe they do not . may need to update your video card drivers , but it is well worth it to me .
a friend pointed out that there are nearby geysers that shoot you way up in the air . by properly timing a run into the closest geyser ( or simply standing in the right place ) , it is possible to land on top of the big pig , which will net you challenge success . this youtube video pretty much sums it up :
not heavy explosives , no . the floor of ufos ( including the outside roof , which counts as a floor , as far as the game is concerned ) are definitely destructible , but are quite durable . the internal floors / walls are slightly less durable . as you have seen yourself , shooting down a ufo causes one ( or more ) of their engines to explode , which has a chance to destroy the roof . unfortunately , terrain destruction requires a certain threshold of damage to trigger , and the only item in x-com 's arsenal strong enough to breach the hull of a ufo is the blaster launcher . it is worth noting that explosives always do a fixed amount of damage to terrain , so if one he explosive did not blow it up ( and/or change the tile to an alternate , " damaged " tile ) , the second one will not either . terrain can not take partial damage , so you can not detonate several he is over a couple of turns to get around this , either . finally , explosives in cannot stack . it is not viable , for instance , to throw 3 he onto the same tile to increase the damage dealt ; the terrain will only take damage from the first . this page in the ufopaedia has more .
" almost forever " , where creeping death is concerned , is 5 minutes . this does work . the result is an dot which deals double the damage per tick and lasts 150 seconds .
you can have as many mutators active as you collect , in a normal mode , or select and collect , in a custom mode . however , be careful about selecting multiple mutators in custom mode , as character model mutators have a habit of conflicting with each other and making the custom game unplayable with that character . regarding ' r ' mutators , unfortunately , there is currently no way to disable and enable specific ability mutators , causing all active mutators to trigger when you press r . for instance , if you have jetpack , devil , and pitcher mutators , when you press r , your demon powers and jetpack will toggle on , and a ball will be thrown .
you might check and see if you can not just rebind the key in the options menu . many games support both keyboard and mouse input , and i seem to remember that you can rebind most actions from mouse buttons to keys , although selecting dialog options ( and the like ) might be always mapped to the mouse . if the game makes you use the mouse , autohotkey is my go-to solution for these problems . it is free , and it downloads and installs quickly , and it works with games in many cases . in this case , you might be able to get away with : a::LButton b::RButton  which would map your a key to send the left mouse button , and your b key to send the right mouse button . you can replace ' a ' and ' b ' with whatever keys you want . some keyboard keys have special names in ahk ; there is a list of all the keys here . open a notepad window , and copy and paste this line into the blank notepad document . save it as " mousebuttonremap . ahk " ( including the quotes ) and then you can double click to load it . there will be a little " a " icon in your tray that you can right click to quit the script , when you need your keys back . sometimes this method does not work with games , in which case you may want to try : a:: SendPlay {LButton} return b:: SendPlay {RButton} return  if this still does not work , you may have to tweak the script a bit more to work with the specific game you are trying to play . there is a faq entry about issues with games that might help in this case . update : according to other users on the ahk forums , sendevent works best , and you may need to edit morrowind . ini to set " background keyboard=1" for this to work properly .
the new enemies are tim and the dead miner . the new item is the wizard hat , which is dropped by tim .
get wine . wine allows you to run . exe files and consequently lets you run window applications on linux . while it is not guaranteed to work for ra2 , it is very unlikely that you had be able to get it to run on linux using any thing if you can not get it to work with wine . on the appdb page , it is reported to have silver/gold status , which means , it will most probably run fairly well , if not flawlessly . check out the comments in each .
right now , the single best way to take merasmus down is as a huntsman sniper . while the relatively measly 16 arrows will have you hunting for ammo quite quickly ( nothing a dispenser can not fix , mind you ) , you can charge your headshots quickly and deal more than a thousand damage every two seconds from any safe range . you will not additionally be causing explosive splash damage on " enemy teammates " who do not know better and are too close to merasmus . as for prop hunting , here is a possibly inexaustive list of places to check : ( overhead image taken from tf2portal . de )
there are traps in the game which can damage you ( and your followers ) . they are typically not activated by things you actively do ( such as releasing a chandelier or smashing support beams ) but instead on where you pass . in contrast there are environment elements - such as the abovementioned chandeliers - that are triggered by the player and only damage enemies . as a general rule , if it does not hurt you , then it does not hurt your follower ( s ) or human teammates either .
if you go into the games upgrade section . towards the bottom of the list you will find score multiplier . you have to spend coins to upgrade it . but i believe that is the solution . . . . just checked , it is under ability 's and should be the last one on the bottom . ( also , if it is not there make sure you have updated the app . )
you can right click on the steam icon in the system tray ( next to the clock ) and select servers , and this useful tool will come up : there you will have every server , grouped just as you did in-game for every game you own . you can also access it this way :
yes , the weapon would still crit . market gardener considers you to be rocket jumping if you are airborne because of any explosion- including explosions from enemy explosive attacks . it still will not count other attacks which could knock you into the air , such as a pyro 's airblast . the weapon demonstration for the market gardener shows a soldier launched into the air by an enemy demoman 's stickies causing a crit .
you cannot plant cocoa beans in minecraft versions below 1.3.1 . as the wiki says , they can only be used as dyes and to make cookies and they can only be found in chests in dungeons . as of 1.3.1 , you can plant cocoa beans on the side of jungle trees to grow cocoa plants , from which you can harvest more cocoa beans .
there are two " secrets": the four owl puzzle ( denoted by a question mark on the node ) , and the subsequent anticube room . four owls in four places , an owl appears at night . speak with each one : in the waterfall level near the pillar ( green tree , first warp zone ) , in the windmill level near the windmill ( orange tree , air warp zone ) , in the forest near the transforming cabin ( green tree , outside rainy warp zone ) , and outside the octopus-looking building containing the revolving model of the solar system and the counting cube ( pink tree , temple/science warp zone ) . these locations were shown on the walls of the fez-wearing elder 's house ( in gomez 's hometown , across the bridge ) . hidden room after speaking with each owl , they fly to the rainy warp zone 's giant owl room . when all four arrive , a panel reveals a door behind the owl statue opposite the entrance . it leads to another owl room with an anticube . glitch : if you remove the patch , the original version of the game had a glitch where you could access the hidden room without the four owls : stand in front of the entrance , rotate the room twice , and press up to enter . keep in mind , the room will not be " completed " until the main secret ( four owls ) is finished and the next room is visited .
in short , no there is not . the best you could do is sell the gems and buy the upgraded gems from the auction house . . if the saved time is worth more than the ( tiny ) amount of saved gold by crafting , then it is worth it .
in addition to the number of mushrooms you get in time trials , the higher the kart 's item rating the better your chances to get ' useful ' items - better chances at tripple bananas/shells and bob-oms vs fake item boxes and single bananas/shells when in first place , and better chances at things like stars and lightning bolts vs bloopers and mushrooms the further behind you are . how much better the odds are exactly , i can not say . i also seem to recall that a better item stat would slightly reduce the duration of the effects of items used against you ( less time spinning out/bouncing ) , as well as slightly increasing the positive effects of items you use ( mushrooms give a slightly bigger boost , stars/bullet bills last a bit longer ) . however , i have not found many reliable sources to support this , so it may be observational bias on my part .
official information on this is pretty hard to come by , but there are 2 seperate pieces of information that point towards nephalem rifts being completely random and having content independent of their name . the first one is from the blizzcon 2013 ros panel : so what we have done is we have taken all of the tilesets , all of the dungeons in the game , and we organize them in new and interesting ways . so we have taken the cathedral , all the exteriors and all the monsters and shuffled them up . so every time you do one of these , it’s random . [ . . . ] so every time you transition from one level to another , it can be a different dungeon and it will have a different combination of monsters and we mix up the type of dungeons you are going through . for example we’ll start with the cathedral , we can go into a root cave after that , go to crypt , or you can go to just one level which is just a big exterior zone . or you can go from exterior into a zoltun kulle dungeon or something like that . so there are all kinds of different ways we put this together and every time you do them it is different . in the beta forum there has also been a post by tsamis that heavily points towards the fact that rift names have no meaning at all : going forward , please try to include a link to a screenshot showing the environment of the rift you were in when you encountered the bug . if you are unable to provide a screenshot , please do your best to describe what the environment looks like ( i.e. . " the area looks similar to the keep depths" ) . the names of the rifts are randomized so including the name listed in the upper right corner of the screen does not really help us when we are trying to reproduce these issues internally .
the cleanest way to get your equipment back is to complete the current quest . nobody dies , gets a bounty or tries to kill you . you are in a very unusual situation , possibly the only such situation in the game where an npc who could be a follower temporarily has the follower tag removed as part of a quest .
yes and no . you can not get off a taxi while it is traveling between flight nodes . this is very much by design as the taxi can not be used as a substitute for a flying mount . however , if your destination travels through another flight path node ( as indicated on the taxi map as a " flying boot " that intersects the line between you and your destination ) than you can choose to instead land at that node ( that is , get off at the " next stop" ) . to do this , simply log out of the game while in transit . when you log back in , you will still be on your taxi but it will land at the next flight node instead of your destination . note : using this method , you will only be billed for the flight nodes that you reached - saving you some gold .
wood is one of the few solid blocks in the game that cannot be destroyed with a pickaxe ( or drill , later in the game ) . you have to use an axe or a chainsaw ( or a combination tool that incorporates either ) , just like you would for chopping down a tree . you should have spawned with a copper axe .
according to ubisoft support 's twitter account the invasion mode is random only . @ubisoftsupport is there anyway you can hack your friends in watch dogs ? i have been trying to figure out how to join friends games to hack @mypizzaiswarm no this multiplayer mode is random . [ s ]
enemy levels determine the target time for a battle , and consequently , these post-battle stats : points per second score stars tp recovery item and shroud drop chance based on the game mechanics guide on gamefaqs : target time given : target time t hp at start of battle h enemy level l highest party member attack power ap atb level a thus :  T = (H * L / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  if enemy level l is less than or equal to 50 , otherwise :  T = (H * 50 / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  points per second given : points per second p target time t thus :  P = 10,000 / T  score given : score s points per second p target time t battle duration d thus :  S = (T - D) * P + 10,000  stars , tp recovery , rare drop chance , shroud drop chance
one approach - which could probably be deemed cheating - is to play on the map burning tide . the goal of this map is to be the first team to collect 15,000 minerals . you can get all the outmatched achievements this way , because the ai players spend minerals on units and buildings , yet they do not attack . the ai players also do not collect the minerals deposited by the lava - this becomes important when going against 3 or 4 ai opponents .
the xbox 360 version has kinect support , which is exclusive to this version . the pc version requires origin , which is a bit stricter/more intrusive drm than either of the other two platforms . however , this also means it is digitally distributed as opposed to needing to purchase a physical disc . the playstation 3 never had the original mass effect , ( at that time , the game was an xbox 360 platform exclusive property on consoles ) so you may be at a slight disadvantage if you would have made different choices in the original game that effect the starting point for this game . for instance , your choices in me1 near the end of the game change certain war assets in this game . aside from these differences , i am not aware of any platform-specific dlc exclusives for any of the three versions . there were a few pre-order bonuses which could be considered platform exclusives , for instance preordering the pc version via origin would have secured you a at-12 raider , which is a unique shotgun .
it deletes the oldest ghost ward out at the time and places your new one down . see below for examples here is two wards from the sight stone you can see the other ward fading out after i placed the third after getting the ruby sight stone i can place a third ward with the other two out however trying to place a fourth ward causing the oldest to disappear still
i believe imperial marches is similar to panna city medicines for the christmas event and you will unlock it after you accumulate enough medals from building the new imperial items on the imperial floors . if my memory serves me right ( please feel free to correct me if i am wrong ) , these are the rewards i have unlocked for accumulating service medals : 100 medals - costume ( rebel pilot for me , not sure if it is the same for all ) 250 medals - vip ( level upgrader ) 500 medals - vip ( recruiting agent ) 975 medals - bux ( 10 if i noticed the increase to my total correctly ) 1200 medals - 3 droids : r2-q5 , r4-19 , and r5-j2 1725 medals - imperial marches that is all .
do i deal less health damage to a zombie while it still has stamina ? the inverse - i do not believe zombies take less damage when they have stamina , but if they are knocked down ( either as a result of having no stamina or via throwing/ramming/etc . ) , they take more damage . will aiming at the zombie 's head inflict more health damage , even when it is knocked down ? yes , and you will occasionally get a time slowdown when this happens . do certain types of weapons inflict more health damage compared to stamina damage , regardless of their base damage ( for example , if i have a firearm and a blunt weapon with the same attack value , will the firearm inflict more health damage ) ? it seems like the more force a weapon has , the more damage it does to stamina . i am not sure how firearms stack up , though .
no , there is currently no way of respeccing a dead island character .
while the m stores should seemingly have a copy , i ended up finding a copy in the poppo store in chapter 12 . still nothing in the m store . i picked up 5 ( the total number i had room for ) , just in case , but thankfully these are not used up when you purchase a special menu item . looking further online i did find a thread that later on said you could find them in poppo marts as well , but the first half-ish was solely talking about m stores having them . since i rarely had to purchase healing items in my normal playthrough , i am sure i stopped in there once when i first arrived and then never went back . if i pick up yakuza 1 and 2 and decide to replay the story in this one from start to finish i will be sure to see if a copy ever shows up in the m stores .
i sent an e-mail to the game 's creator , and he responded with the following hint : have you tried exploring the ceiling area to the right of the bottom fan while vertical ? here 's my solution : there is a grate to the right of the bottom fan , you just have to be as close to the right wall as possible . if you are having a hard time flying through the grate , keep walking right .
yes - the missing link contains spoilers . the missing link dlc stands apart as an episode by itself , even though the timeline in which is happens is during the main story ; it takes place chronologically just before the last mission in the main story of human revolution . ideally , you want to play up to the last mission in human revolution , save your game , play through the missing link dlc , and then finish the last mission . alternatively you can play through the whole of human revolution and then play the missing link as explained in this existing answer ( contains spoilers ) . i would not , however , play the dlc before the last mission as it does contain information explaining the story in the main game .
with regards to knives in cs:go , you inflict the same damage to an opponent with a knife to the head as with a knife to a leg . the extra damage element is caused by knifing from the front/side or the back . this weapon chart shows the knife damage of the primary and secondary attack , to each hit box area ( although irrelevant ) and also whether in front/side or behind your opponent . as you can see , the hit box area causes no difference in damage . interestingly , this chart shows that kevlar and helmet mitigate knife damage . it also indicates that it reduces the damage when hit in the legs . kevlar does not reduce damage to the legs with any other weapon . this seems to indicate that knife damage is based solely on whether hit from the front/side or back .
tl ; dr : yes , you can do this , although it makes the game a bit confused . this question made me curious , so i tried affine 's strategy of putting 22 civs and 41 city-states on the smallest possible map size . the game assigned me the shoshone civ , which turned out to be perfect : their cities start with extra tiles , and they have a unique unit &#8212 ; the pathfinder &#8212 ; that acts like ( and replaces ) the scout but has the combat strength of a warrior . starting the game as the shoshone , you get a settler and a pathfinder instead of the usual settler and warrior combo . on my first turn , i founded a city , and its borders shoved spain 's starting units onto a little peninsula . i was not able to get my pathfinder over to the spanish settler , but that settler was too close to my city to found a city on its turn , and i was able to capture it on my second turn . i am not 100% sure what happened to spain 's warrior ; it seemed like it just disappeared when i founded my city , but it could have been pushed onto a hex i could not see . i remained at war with isabella for about ten turns , after which spain just disappeared from the diplomacy menu . in the same game , i noticed that the huns had not founded a city by turn four . i captured their settler , but their warrior ran away from me and the civ remained in the game . it took another four turns for me to track down that warrior and attack it . the combat went normally ; neither my warrior nor the hun warrior was destroyed , though both took damage . then , after i ended my turn , the hun warrior just disappeared off the map , without being attacked . when my next turn started , the hun civ was no longer in the diplomacy menu . to test the second part of the question , i started a new game with the same settings , except that i had it start from the classical era instead of the ancient era . that means starting with a settler , a worker , a spearman and a pathfinder . i never founded a city . i was able to capture venice 's settler on my first turn , and destroyed its military units over the next five turns . i did not go after the worker , though . it kept running around until turn 50 , at which point i gave up hope that the game would consider the civ lost . i did not have the " complete kills " option turned on .
looking around on the guidescroll warframe guides i have found the following information : grineer : takes bonus damage from armor piercing . corpus : takes bonus damage and gets staggered by electricity . infested : takes bonus damage and some gets staggered by fire , some are immune to electricity . freeze damage dose 200% damage to shields where all other damge type do 100% damage . most enemies will recive a bonus resist based on there level that is subtracted from your damage . damage is listed as normal hit/weakpoint hit , for most that is body/head . grineer everything is armored except for melee grineer . normals include trooper , lancer , etc . heavy include bombadier and gunner . shield grineer takes damage as normals , but recives 2 levels less resistance . commander-normal is the same as heavy but immune to electrical/fire damage , ap/freeze not tested . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical sawmen 100%/300% 100%/200% 100%/200% 100%/200% 100%/200% normals 33%/100% 150%/300% 37.5%/75% 16.5%/33% 20%/40% heavy 66%/200% 100%/200% 50%/100%+ 50%/100% 50%/100% corpus crewmen are armored . they are staggered by electricity . moa 's weak point is there midsection/gun . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical crewmen 81%/0% 100%/2000% 33%/100% 75%/200% 160%/400% moa 100%/200% 50%/100% 50%/100% 50%/100% 200%/400% osprey 100% 100% 100% 100% 200% cameras 100% 100% 100% 100% 200% infested normals include chargers , leapers , runners , etc . ancient heads/bodies and crawler bodies are armored . normals and ancients are staggered by fire . crawlers have 3 areas of damage body/legs and arms/head . ancients have 3 areas of damage body/head/lower legs and arms . normal armor piercing fire freeze electrical normals 100%/200% 50%/100% 200%/400% 100%/200% 50%/100% nauseous crawler 66%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% 125%/200%/400% 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% crawler 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% 100%/200%/400% 50%/100%/200% 50%/50%/100% ancients 25%/75%/100% 100%/200%/100% 37.5%/75%/200% 25%/50%/100% 0%
the warframe wiki has a very nice explanation of what is needed to level mods . first the economical answer , the cost of fusing mods in credits are directly tied to the amount of benefit it can potential supply . so using the most optimal fusion of mods from a mod perspective will automaticly also be the best solution on a financial view . to level a mod you need to add a certain amount of energy to it , this energy comes from fusing other mods with the mod you wish to level . there are 3 factors when fusioning mods : level rarity polarity/type level energy required to level a mod is doubled each level and they start at level 0 , except for fusion cores , and goes up to 10 . energy they can supply for fusion is base + ½ * level * base . so if at level 0 it supplies 2 energy , then at level 1 it will supply 3 energy , at level 2 it will supply 4 energy etc . the level is the number next to the rarity , no number is equal to level 0 , or the number of white stripes on the left side . rarity there are 3 types of rarity : common uncommon rare common has a multiplier of 1 , uncommon 2 and rare 3 . calculating energy needed to level with these 2 factors we can calculate the amount of energy needed to get a mod to the next level , to make the math easier later when we get to polarity/type we make sure it is a multiplier of 4 . e = 4 * r * 2^ ( l - 1 ) e is energy needed to level from precious level . r is the rarity ( common = 1 , uncommon = 2 , rare = 3 ) . l is the level . this gives us the following chart : calculating energy supplied by mod we can also calculate how much energy a mod supply at different levels : e = 2 * r ( 2 + l ) e is energy needed to level from precious level . r is the rarity ( common = 1 , uncommon = 2 , rare = 3 ) . l is the level . this gives us the following chart : with these 2 charts you should be able to calculate how many mods are needed to upgrade a mod , but there is the 3rd factor . polarity/type polarity/type is divided into 3 groups when fusing : same mod ( duplicates ) mod with same polarity or fusion core mod with different polarity two of the same mods give 100% of its energy . so fusing 2 level 0 common mods of the same kind it will transfer 4 energy from one mod to the other , resulting in it gaining g enough energy to reach level 1 . if you then want to get it to level 2 you will require 8 more energy which is equal to 2 more of the same mod mods that have same polarity or fusion cores give 50% of their energy . looking at the chart we can see that a level 5 uncommon fusion core supplies 28 energy . it will get a 50% penalty to energy supplied to it will add 14 energy to any core . so when fusing it with a level 0 common core it will gain 2 levels ( 4+8 energy needed ) and have 2/16 of the next level done . mods with different polarity gives 25% of their energy . having a rare level 0 mod that will provide 12 energy and fusing it to a common level 0 with different polarity will give it 3 energy , so it will be 75% of the way to level 1 . so the most efficient way of leveling mods is to use duplicates , once you get spare mods ( do not need any more/higher level of a mod ) you can use same polarity and fusion cores to level other mods . my personal recommendation is not to use use spare mods/fusion cores to level common mods . most of them drop relative often and you will be better suited waiting for some duplicates to drop and using spare mods/fusion cores on rare mods where you will not be seeing as many duplicates .
you can no longer craft the golden wrench ( or rather , receive while crafting other things ) , and the 100 people that won it and another who bid on it are the only ones who ever will as it is not tradable . from the original 100 and 1 , at least 19 have been destroyed , 14 of which net $31,000 for child 's play , another raised $530 for the same charity , and one more provided 10,200 twd ( ~$344 ) for a 2011 sendai earthquake and tsunami charity . why people donated so much money to have someone destroy a virtual item is beyond me , but i am not going to argue with results .
bulbapedia 's pretty good on this , but i will try to answer some of your questions here . when you switch blocks they will stay like that until you switch them again . they ' level ' by keeping that block out for 10 days , and some pokemon only appear when you put certain objects/blocks of certain levels into the safari zone .
there are 14 secret goals to be found in the game . here 's the list and where they are .
follow these steps : download the . jar version of minecraft from the website force update minecraft on your windows machine and login press Ctrl+r and type %appdata% and copy your . minecraft folder put it on a usb and insert the usb into your linux machine copy the .minecraft folder to ~/.minecraft in your linux machine login as usual and click "Play Offline" you will have the following issues : generally linux does not have java per-installed and you will need internet connection you cannot play online you should just get a ethernet cable and tether internet off of your windows machine . or do as uncovery said and get cheap network cards connect them .
according to the gw2 support page on gems ,
the story states that the memories are stored in the dna ; thus he must be related to them both in order to have have their dna within him . coincidentally , 1up just ran a feature on the worst of video game science and because of the storing of memories in dna they mentioned that there is about 1.5gb of information contained within our dna ( both in useful genes and in the filler space ) . the article does not mention that since half of your dna comes from your mother and half from your father you had wind up with some seriously disjointed memories .
that is a bug in de:hr , it happened to me , too . one of the gang members has wandered off to some point where you can not reach him . i would point you to a specific website , but none of the suggestions i found helped directly . some solutions are here in the deus ex wiki or here in the steam forum otherwise , google for deus ex cloak and dagger bug and try out a few things . i opted for the possibility that the gang member is one another roof somewhere and tried to shoot him ( without seeing him ) , but that did not work . all out of a sudden , the marker started moving and he was back in the flat , so i could finish him off .
in tournament play , it will register how many wins you get during the period of validity of the tournament ( displayed on the popup when you hover it ) . you can then compete with other players in the leaderboard . random matches are more casual . it will track your total win ratio but nothing more .
when i started the new tekkit i also ran into this problem . some things that i started doing with it were : using the minium stone to turn it into clay then from clay to clay blocks then from clay blocks to iron . the conversion rate is terrible and it is a bit time consuming but it really helps clean up your chests . you can turn it into glass . glass is used in all sorts or recipes ; the way you make glass is to pulverize it into sand , then toss the sand into a furnace . you can turn it into lava for magmatic engines .
the unofficial elder scrolls wiki has a good database of the traditional houses ( like those that can be purchased in each of the major cities ) as well as a list of the houses that do not count for your " houses owned " statistic . the wiki also has a complete list of non-respawning containers ; normally , the contents of each crate , chest , and container gets reset and randomized every 3 in-game days . here is the page for houses ; here is the page for non-respawning containers if you can not find your stuff stored in either the " free " houses , or the safe containers , you may simply be out of luck , pending a burst of sudden remembrance .
after you reset your quests , this will allow you to redo the follower quests as well ( given you have reached that part of the campaign ) .
this link has a list of every weapon attainable in the game and how to unlock them all . it does not have the comb as a usable weapon . i have every animal orb in my game and i know you do not get a comb from those . however you can unlock one weapon in medusa 's lair . the buster sword .
it changes the menu title and the voiceovers - nothing else ( so far ) . the player does not have a model yet ( but it will have by the time multiplayer releases ! ) . this will reflect the selected gender . . .
you need 5 sunburst to enter the ravana map . monsters in the mini dungeons of golden temple have a chance of dropping a sunburst .
every classes first companion has three major quests that will take you off the ship ; one per act . this is in addition to the ' quests ' that are your on-ship conversations with all of your crew members . these , like the three ' major ' quests , are unlocked by a combination of affection and class story progression . if you get your companion affection substantially ahead of the plot curve ( say , via gifts ) , you can use these conversations to see a nice xp boost at the start of each chapter .
it makes no difference , gameplay or story-wise . it is simply the way the game does profiles . that is , each bunk corresponds to a different profile with its own save files , so multiple people could play off of one copy . if you are actually using multiple profiles , remember to use the green door ( load game ) instead of the blue one ( continue ) when starting the game . this allows you to select a profile to load from .
you want the xbox 360 wireless controller for windows , it comes with the wireless usb receiver . once you have one of those you can use any xbox 360 controller with it . after my xbox 360 died i bought one of those controllers ( basically just to get the receiver ) and my two existing 360 controllers work with it too . microsoft used to sell the usb receiver dongle separately but no longer .
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
it is empty , i am afraid . others such as yourself had found themselves also searching in vain , so do not feel alone in your frustration .
at the point you are at , you do not actually need all the shiny stuff right away . the bug net and the extra wallets are probably what you need the most right now , especially if you want to buy the shinier things early . that said , this early on , there are few ways to get rupees effectively : you can try to find all the goddess cubes you can and open them ; they can contain rupees , but often contain other things . you can catch as many bugs as you can with the bug net ( deku hornets come in especially large numbers ) and go see stritch in his room at the academy at night . he will buy some bugs off your hands , but only buys four specific kinds of bugs a night . it is doubtful you have a lot of treasure by now , but if you are willing to part with them ( keep in mind they are used to upgrade your equipment at gonzo 's ) , rupin will buy treasure from his house at night on a mechanic like stritch 's . his house is located on the other side of the river , near the graveyard . there is also the classic " break everything you can " strategy . break all the pots and skulls you find . cut all the grass and flowers you can . roll into every tree .
you do run into it into the course of gameplay . it is roughly about 2/3rds of the way through , for a sidequest . it also fills in a spot in your inventory . that is about as detailed as i can get without spoilers , so details incoming ! after you get the clawshot , you can talk to the potion maker 's husband during the night . he is awake trying to get the baby to sleep , and can not because a bird made off with the rattle . to get the rattle , you will need to clawshot up the floating islands ( look for vines ) . at the top , find the nest , run off , and skydive onto it . you will find the rattle in the nest , and can complete the quest .
the problem with building lots of houses is that you have to support that population - you have to keep them fed and happy . this is not too much of a problem at the outset , but as the game progresses each resident 's needs are going to increase drastically . keeping them all happy means you have got to build a huge support network to meet all their needs . buildings of various types will need to be constructed to provide them with their " intangible " needs , and production chains will have to be large enough to meet their need for goods and food . for instance , peasants require food , drink , community , and faith . production chains that provide fish and cider meet their food and drink requirements , but you will need enough of each that you can support the population or they will move out . community is provided by the marketplace , and faith from the chapel ( or other upgraded religious buildings ) . these buildings have a limited radius , so you will need enough of them to cover all your houses . when you " level up " to citizens , suddenly in addition to peasant needs , you will have to provide more goods - spices and linen garments . you will also need taverns for amusement . citizen homes hold more residents , so now you have got more of a demand for peasant goods than you had before . each successive " level up " means more residents , and another tier 's worth of goods to keep them happy . most of the time , the limitation will be how much you can cram onto an island , and what other resources you have available . while you can spam houses early on in the game ( and to an extent , you should focus on growing your population early ) , you can not just build forever . you will quickly exhaust your ability to provide for people , and they will get angry , refuse to pay as much in taxes , and/or start to move away . as you add houses or level up residents , keep an eye on the stock of your goods in the warehouse , and compensate for shortages before you run out completely . you will eventually find the proper balance between residents and production that fits the resources ( land and/or fertility ) you have available .
given the attack target priority , a unit will attack units over the barracks . overlords tie with other hostile units , so they are treated equally . in your zerg example , there is nothing that would tell the ai to favor other zerg units as opposed to overlords except the player 's micro . in terms of the terran example , the units should favor the opponent 's hostile units over the barracks . what may have been happening is that , given nothing else in range , they continued to attack the barracks . in this case , moving the stalkers so that they are in range of units with higher attack priorities should cause them to favor the opposing army over the barracks in the sky .
nope . the only thing that has an effect on your stealth skill is . . . well , your stealth skill itself . it can go from 0-10 , but this value is the only thing that matters outside of smoke bombs ( which keep you hidden for 5 seconds regardless of what armor you are wearing ) .
it depends on the game . as you have found out , mass effect 3 requires online authorization for all dlc ( but not for the base game , so they can claim to not require online mode while effectively crippling the game in offline mode ) , so you cannot load a save that has dlc data ( basically any save that was made in online mode if you have me3 dlc ) . you can start a new me3 game without dlc in offline mode , but it will get dlc data written to it once you load it and make a save in online mode .
since the launch of spectator mode this has been happening a lot more and with more time for me to actually find solutions i´ve figured out the following . switching ingame settings around from fullscreen/windowed seem to reset it to the correct position moving around the taskbar resets it to the correct position going into the task manager and rightclicking and selecting maximize resets it to the correct position this problem is also directly associated with running the game in borderless windowed
items in cargo slots can not be activated , only ditched into the ocean or transferred to other ship/buildings . you have to move the coordinates item to one of your ship 's ' tool ' slots , then activate it .
an incapacitated enemy is any enemy which is controlled ( cc'd ) , stunned or knocked down . because champion enemies and above are not able to be controlled , pommel strike cannot be used against bosses in most operations / flashpoints . the big deal here is that you can use pommel strike if someone else incapacitates the target , which makes it much easier to use for knights/warriors .
the game counts the werewolf 's ability howl of terror as an unlocked shout ( i am assuming you are a werewolf , or have been ) . i have just tested this on a save where i have found 5 word walls but have yet to kill a dragon ( of course , meaning i have not unlocked any of these 5 shouts ) . as i am a werewolf however , the stats page tells me i have unlocked 1 shout . this is further verified by the stats page telling me that my favourite shout is howl of terror .
the service area is always the entire city . travel time determined whether you will reach the destination before a building burns down , patient dies , or criminal gets away . early on , with little traffic , one single service placement can usually cover the entire city . adding more vehicles lets you dispatch to more places at once . once traffic increases , the effective service area is reduced , no matter how many vehicles you add ( except for helicopters ) . you can wind up in a situation where a vehicle can not reach the building next door because it can not even exit the vehicle bay . good placement , road layout , and public transportation will keep your services most effective . you will notice that the game lets you plop the vehicle bays apart from the building . do not lay them all next to each other so they exit on the same road in the same direction . place them on opposite sides of the road and across intersections . that way , traffic in one direction will only clog up some of your vehicles instead of all of them .
there is an auto-map option in the options that you can access from the pause menu and the title screen . when it is activated , it will automatically perform the actions of " painting " , which colors the tiles you walk on . as the movement of foes is only shown on tiles that you have physically walked on , this can be handy to activate if you feel the need . it will not draw walls and other dungeon features , though , so that falls on you to handle . making the player draw the map is a core mechanic and appeal of the series - it is intended to be part of the experience . different individuals will map it out differently : i put a wall in front of a door , while my brother puts walls around the door as if it were a passage . as part of the game is to make it your own experience , there is increased creativity in leaving the map detail and style entirely up to the player instead of even suggesting how it might be mapped . there are also some early quests that rely on you drawing the map - so automatically performing the task for you would make such tasks very easy , aye ? and do not worry - they are very lenient and care primarily about walls and floor only , namely because different gamers will use the symbols differently . there are also one or two points where you will be given parts of the map , but these can be altered to fit your own style of mapping . some tips to alleviate the process if it starts to get boring . for the most part , it is a matter of reducing the frequency of updating the map . use the auto-map for floors . while it will only use one color , it can be a big time saver when you do not want to map it all out yourself . get a feel for distance so that you can map the walls of a room from a distance . this makes it so that you only have to look down every once in a while instead of each step you take . perform your mapping movements in sets - such as walking along the entire length of a wall and then drawing the full wall only when you have crossed the entire distance . draw parts of the map during battle transitions and the animations of actions . battle text auto-scrolls after a point so you can easily squeeze in certain map needs during this period .
here 's my suggestion , based on the actual circumstances that earned me the specialist achievement . play defense on pl_badwater . make sure your team has a few competent damage sponges ( heavies , soldiers , and demomen ) who know how to retreat ( you may need to explain that bullets are hazardous to your health ) . you want to stay alive . you can facilitate this by always sticking to a buddy . the best buddies to stick to are the ones that hang around sharp corners near narrow corridors : in these locations , you and your buddy can stay behind cover in the yellow area , and once they are fully healed ( to 150% , conditions permitting ) , they can venture into the red zone for ideal damage exchange along the highlighted lines of sight ( where heavies , soldiers , and demomen have a captive audience , so to speak , of the cart 's escorts ) . note that the general advice here ( be on a good team , play against a bad team , heal everybody ) still applies , and that you will still need classes like engineers ( who can help by putting dispensers near you ) to cover your back .
the gray order is a sort of rebel group formed by gregori hastur , a warlock , and his wife amoline , who is a witch . because of several attempted coups against their leadership , the immortal general boram darkwill , any political groups or politically motivated citizens of noxus that are not the same as the governments are violently put down . because hastur and amoline believe in practising and learning the dark arts/black magic while leaving their neighbors and other countries in peace ( pretty much heresay in militaristic noxus ) they were cast out of the country . since i can not imagine they had be welcome anywhere else , hastur and amoline ( annie 's parents ) left the country in an exodus , bringing with them other intellectuals and magicians of the dark arcane arts in order to study it and learn its secrets in relative peace . they have made a colony beyond the great barrier ( inhospitiable lands destroyed by the rune wars that used to be fought all over the continent . which is why there are so few counties left i suppose ) in what are called the " voodoo lands " , which are especially hostile lands north of the great barrier . annie 's bear , tibbers , is an example of the wild life that can be found in the voodoo lands . this means several strong , deadly bears just as bad as tibbers , or worse , are constantly near the colony . since the colony still survives with those things nearby and in such a harsh place it can be said that the gray order is somewhat powerful in that its members are adept with their knowledge of the dark arcane . annie 's parents have some sort of reputation for being powerful wizards as well , which adds to the supposed strength of the gray order , as they are known as the gray warlocke and the shadow witch , respectively . this is all from annie 's lore , so far no other mention of the gray order can be found ( by me anyway . there might be small tidbits in the journal of justice that i havent found yet . ) speaking of which , the only place where you could find more information on the gray order would be the journals of justice avaliable under the lore section in the lol game client lobby . however , i do not recall anything being said about them , but feel free to look here : http://na.leagueoflegends.com/story/issue-1-13-july-20-cle from that page ( the first issue ) you can access all the other and see if there is any more lore about the gray order .
there is no difference apart from aesthetics . you can build a house out of anything ! monsters will not spawn unless there is no wall .
i believe you need to play through the entire game without shooting anyone to gain this achievement . if you mess up , you can reload your last checkpoint and go again but if you have passed another checkpoint since , you will need to restart . if you want to check as you go along , you can press the " back " button and in the top-right of the screen it should say : " so far , you have not fired a shot at anyone " . if you think you may have shot someone , hit the " back " button and check this . if it is gone , you need to reload your last checkpoint . if it is there , you are good . the bit with the convoy does not count as a shot and you can actually shoot guns in the game ( at servers etc ) , as long as you do not shoot at anyone .
the guild finder tool does exist in-game , but it is not widely used , since many people believe you have to be guild-less to use it . you can bring it up using the /gf command . there are some external resources , though . blizzard hosts a guild recruitment forum on their own site that is pretty widely used and is probably your best bet to find a match just by looking through the threads until you find something good . there are a couple other forums for guild recruitment , such as the elitist jerks forums , mmo-champion , or tankspot . there are also some standalone websites , but i am not sure about their quality . guildster wowmatcher wowstead p.s. - if you are looking for a pvp guild , i would recommend checking on arena junkies .
have you tried setting a static dns server in your xbox 's network config ? the people in this thread seemed to have good luck with that as a fix to this problem .
the only time i can see that it would be worthwhile to do team practice is once all of the following conditions are met : 1 ) you have unlocked everything that requires hearts or lightbulbs ( ie . training methods , facilities , sponsors ) . 2 ) all of your players have reached max stats or their capped stats ( eliminating the need for field , strength or light bulbs ) . 3 ) you have the maximum amount of fans , support and fame ( eliminating the need for hearts ) . 4 ) you still have players under level 30 .
sector and universe traders will ignore existing cargo ( with the exception of energy cells , which they will eventually use up for jumps , and fighter drones , which will serve as replacements for the drones the trader would normally acquire ) , reducing their effective cargo capacity . you will need to get rid of the excess cargo in some way , perhaps selling it as you were , dumping it into a storage ship or jettisoning it .
i wish there was more documentation on this game , but all i could find online was this : drum solider : can not attack but can increase attack rate and damage i did not notice an increase in attack rate , but i did seem to get more critical hits . however , i was not rigorous about my observations so take them with a grain of salt . i am not sure about the best use , but i often place a lot of taoist priests or hammer soldiers around one drum solider . also , i know upgrading the drum solider ( 75 , 150 , 300 ) increases its range , but i do not know if it increases its effects as well . source : empire defense 2 blog post
if defeating these guys is pretty important to you , spend the extra 40 or 50 k ( depending on how far in you are ) on a large health regen potion . this makes the first battle easier and puts the focus on the second ( it stops after the first battle and does not give time in the second ) . for the vile blade 45k is not really asking much . i would suggest dual-wielding for this battle , considering shields are rendered obsolete due to the bog giant/moss golem 's high level of block breakage . in addition to that , make sure your ring has a health or at least shield attack , because these guys hit hard no matter how good you are at dodging or parrying .
i have not played the game yet , but your friend should be able to throw you an invite to his game through his own friends menu . joining a party means you will create a group for you both ( to chat in together ( though you can set the chat to use the game chat also ) and if you are the leader of the group , you can also choose to just send a game invite to the party , which will invite everyone in it to play . details on the party system can be found here .
to answer your questions : in your build i would take warmog 's armor or guardian angel as the last item . i think infinity edge is better since it works well with atma 's impaler however , you cannot think like that . there is no build which is generally good . sometimes it is better to get this item othertimes that item . if you want a general build for yorick i would go for this one : boots of speed + 3 or 4 health pots ( 4 pots - when solo top , wait near the fountain and buy 4th pot asap ) tear of the goddess => manamune probably mercury treads unless they have a heavy ad team , then i would go for ninja tabi straight for atma 's impaler warmog 's armor ( tankier build ) or frozzen mallet ( better chasing ) the other one of the previously mentioned items or the new item maw of malmortius trinity force ( damage ) / guardian angel ( tanky build ) / infinity edge ( in case i have frozen mallet ) in case of a need i would upgrade boots before finishing manamune , but after tear of the goddess . if i woudlnt be doing very well i would also get wriggle 's lantern after manamune or even before that and spirit visage , but those are items you want to sell in late game . early boots upgrade and atma will give you enough resists and in combination with manamune you will have circa 250 ad . finally , i think that yorick is better with a tankier build rather than ad . ad note : i think nasus benefits more from a far different build . urgot is also good with manamune and atma , but before atma he really needs brutaliser and after atma it is better to go different items . you can also build frozen heart before atma which makes you even tankier and gives you some damage , too ( since you have manamune ) .
the answer to your question would appear to be , in fact , yes . i too have looked at the game 's source code , most notably in game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules . cpp and this is what i have found . there is a number that governs difficulty . in the source it is called m_imissiondifficulty , though the function getmissiondifficulty ( ) is often used to read its value . its initial value is set using the skill level you choose . easy : 3 normal : 5 hard : 7 insane : 10 brutal : 13 if there are three marines playing , this number is reduced by one . if there are one or two marines playing , this number is reduced by two . the number can not fall below two ( i.e. . if you are playing using the easy skill level ) . this number 's practical application is in various calculations used to determine damage dealt . this tuning can be toggled using the cvar asw_adjust_difficulty_by_number_of_marines - on by default - though sv_cheats must be enabled in order to disable it .
i fought the penguin ufo last night . you can get it from him . a nice tactic is to use your universal tool and trap him with dirt , so he does not spawn penguins . just hold him in place while you kill him . to spawn a penguin ufo , use a distress signal
leather can be used to make snow infantry armor at the spinning wheel . this armor has a very high warmth value making it useful for exploring cold planets and moons .
i am not really a minecraft player , but a quick glance at the wiki indicates that you should ( like with other metals ) first smelt raw gold ore in to gold ingots , using a furnace . these ingots can then be used to craft weapons and armour ( which you do not want ) , but also used to create clocks and powered rail . you can also combine 9 ingots in to a gold block , these can then be used for construction ( if you want a nice golden house or something ) or these ingots can then be used to craft a golden apple , which instantly restores your health . given the supposed rare nature of gold within the game and the items you can create with it , i would presume gold 's most important usage is in the creation of powered rail , which ( from what i see here ) vastly increases your construction options with mine carts .
options are available by right-clicking on individual users in the chat window : whisper , add as friend , party invite and block . if you choose to block a player , you will no longer receive any messages from them . right click them in the chat window and choose block . http://fiesta-online.gamigo.com/first_steps/interface/
you rescue kormac the templar from cultists in the cathedral during the act i quest reign of the black king . lyndon the scoundrel is met trying to con some artifacts from a woman and her village during the first part of the broken blade . early in act ii , in the first half of shadows in the desert , you meet the eirena the enchantress who clears illusions away that hide cultists . as for the camp followers ( artisans ) , the blacksmith , haedrig eamon points you to where the crown is in act i and he joins your crusade after you find it . the jeweler , covetous shen shows up in act ii hiding in a barrel .
what does it say when you try and hit it with projectiles ? what kind of combinations are good at beating the game ? &nbsp ; konami code ? &nbsp ; press ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → b a
reaper rounds increase the damage of conventional weapons ( by increasing the crit chance by 20% ) , but double the weapon 's range penalty . it is your choice of whether to use them or not according to your play style and preferred tactics . take notice that they only affect conventional weapons so once you move all your squad to laser/plasma weapons , the reaper rounds will have no effect . here are two notes about their usage from xcom wikia : reaper rounds are an effective way to increase the potency of conventional weapons before better items , such as beam weapons are researched and manufactured . the added technological and research options in xcom : enemy within can delay a player 's progression up the basic weapon research tree significantly , especially at classic or impossible difficulty . reaper rounds can help give a damage output boost to classes such as the assault , heavy and sniper , the enhanced weapons for whom must be researched separately , incurring greater costs in money and time compared to upgrading the base assault rifle quickly . reaper rounds shine when given to shotgun build assaults , given that their weaponry specialization largely negates the range penalty , and increases crit rates that such troops are often reliant on to clear an enemy . reaper rounds also work well when given to snipers , as the range penalty on sniper rifles is for close-range attacks versus long-range . heavies benefit less from reaper rounds , since their lower base aim reduces the number of crits that actually hit , though if a player adopts a strategy of heavies closing with enemies more this deficiency can be compensated for . supports and rookies benefit the least from the use of reaper rounds since the range versatility of their assault rifles is negatively impacted . as to my own experience , i did not use them because i prefered to have the scope to increase aim instead of them , and i researched laser weapons before i got tactical rigging , so it was not relevant any more . i did research the tech needed for tactical rigging before the laser weapons , but did not have money for the foundry project , and did not see it as important enough . at the start of a game i usually have very little funds and can not afford a lot of things so i try to get only the absolute necessity . at the start , the soldiers are poor shots anyway and the enemies have relatively low health , so a penalty to aim in my mind is much worst that an addition to damage . on second thought , they might be good to take on the first terror missions to deal with the problematic chrysalids , they do not take cover , so hit percentages are usually high , but they have a lot of health and a 1-hit kill attack , so killing them quickly from close range is a priority , although i did not try it for myself .
a you said in average competitive game 5 hosts are the minimum for them to reach the enemy and do any kind of damage . now with 10 hosts if you focus them you will be able to kill few enemy units , and in the next wave they will kill even more units making it easy to overwhelm enemy with constant attacks since their units are costly and take more time to be produced . everything over 10 is desirable but depends upon the situation . basically the best way to know if you have enough hosts is to engage the enemy army and see how many free kills you get , ower 3-5 killed enemies and you can easily overwhelm them . detailed guide
my wife has had this problem . i recruited her from onyxia , but we play together on ghostlands--the result is that every time she logs in , it defaults to onyxia . according to what i read , the only thing you can do about this is wait . once your raf time runs out with whoever recruited you , your realm default can be set to whatever you want . but as long as you are still raf linked , you are going to default to the realm the person was logged into whenever they recruited you .
from this answer note that the smooth operator reward is an easier version of ghost . ( if you get " ghost " you will always get " smooth operator " as well . ) smooth operator is used for the foxiest of the hounds achievement . it deals almost only with alarm panels and security-system alarms , rather than " alarmed " guards
try shooting him in the leg then going for a takedown .
the iso cache does the same thing that the umd cache in stock firmware does : saves frequently used blocks of the game disc in ram to improve load times . the umd cache only applies when playing from a physical disc , and the iso cache only applies when playing from a disc image on the memory stick . the settings under it are for fine-tuning ; cache size is the amount of memory the cache is allowed to use , and cache policy is the algorithm it uses to decide which blocks to cache . cache number does not appear to be documented anywhere , and i have no idea what it does . note that running your games from the memory stick instead of from the umd already gives such a huge improvement in load times that the additional improvement from using the cache will be pretty small .
you have to use the two flagstaffs on the side of the building . the first will catapult you to the second and the second enables you to reach the roof and in further consequence the bottle . i have marked the spots in the image :
first off , it is not the company motto , it is an ad campaign . aperture science was a shower curtain company producing deadly shower curtains before they became better known for developing the portal gun . basically , you are reading the phrase the wrong way . it is not " salt asbestos curtain " , it is " salt " , " asbestos " , and " curtains " . i am not sure quite where the salt comes in .
no it is not . i was in a dungeon and i tried to surround it with lava . all it did was to stop the spawning . but the block stayed . from the minecraft wiki : tnt , bookshelves , leaves , wool , fences , wood , planks , and wooden stairs are flammable . if flammable blocks are within 3 meters of lava , they will eventually catch fire . non-flammable blocks block this effect , but not the spreading of active fire . the “embers” or “fireballs” which fly out of lava are purely decorative and do not directly cause fires .
the commander hotkeys are laid out in a grid system based on their position in the ui . the top row ( of tabs ) are assigned q w e r . the two rows of icons below the tabs use a s d f and z x c v . space will take you to the location of the last alert ( i.e. . structures under attack , marine requesting ammo , etc ) . you can select a group of buildings or units and press ctrl+1 - ctrl+5 to save the group , and 1 - 5 to reselect that group later .
if you pause the game and go to the menu ( using the + button on the wii u , i am unsure about other platforms ) there is an option for ghosts with three settings : all , friends only , and none . personally i find friends only better than all . but i have no friends :- so all i see is ghosts of my own prior attempts which i find far less distracting than ghosts of other players ( especially when they play as other characters ) . you will obviously want none to disable the ghosts completely . on a side not i find that the ghosts distract me much more on distance challenges where you are racing against the flames and you have to go as far as you can . on time challenges where you need to collect as many lums as you can i actually find that the ghosts help me a lot . here 's what it looks like on the wii u . i am not sure about what other platforms would look like :
you get all the possible cooking recipes from the start : it just depends on what ingredients you have on hand . when you visit a cooking pot , you will see all the available recipes , and when you have the right ingredients , the recipes will enable . the stews and soup that you can make with cooking sell for a few gold and have some basic perks , but are not nearly as good as potions . in terms of what you can make with carrots and potatoes , there is : beef stew carrots , garlic , raw beef , and salt pile increases max stamina by 25 , stamina regeneration for 12 minutes cabbage potato stew cabbage , leeks , potatoes , and salt pile restores 10 health and stamina vegetable soup cabbage , leeks , potatoes , and tomatoes health and stamina regeneration for 12 minutes venison stew leeks , potatoes , salt pile , and venison restores 15 stamina , health and stamina regeneration for 12 minutes if you scroll over the other recipes while using a cooking pot , the items you need to make them are listed under the item detail box .
it seems to me that there is a probability involved every time you run the task . when you use a hacker with great stats , most of the time they will produce , however i am betting it is a simple percent chance that they will/will not , similar to when your workers ask if they can ' improve ' a specific stat and the highest percent chance you can attain is 80% . i have tested these variables all at once : 1 . ' amazing ' genre/type combination 2 . maxed out direction a . both fully maxed out , and only maxed out for what i feel is needed for that specific combination 3 . high level staff member who is in the key job for the task ( scenario/writer , graphics/designer , etc ) 4 . full energy bar and on occasion , they still will not produce . i am quite sure that of course a higher stat staff member reduces the chance of a bad outcome , but the bad outcome still remains .
i am not entirely sure what modio has to do with minecraft . it seems to be a utility that can transfer game saves between a pc and an xbox 360 . if you are indeed running a server without name verification , you should worry anyway , if anyone on your server is an operator . setting online-mode to false causes the server not to verify usernames with minecraft .net, which allows anyone to log in with any handle they wish . if you have given someone else or yourself operator privileges , this person could hijack the nickname of an op and thus gain their status . if you want to defend yourself against this , your options are : enable online-mode . of course , this will effectively ban anyone with a&hellip ; less privileged account . do not give anyone operator status . moderate the server directly via the server console . switch to bukkit and set up local user accounts with a plug-in such as authme .
according to square 's official website then , thirty years ago , ehb 's king was murdered , and blame was cast upon the legion . led by the young and charismatic jeyne kassynder , the people rose up and slaughtered the 10th legion , tearing down their proud chapterhouses and estates . with the fall of the legion , the kingdom has fractured into petty states and free towns . most of the country has fallen under the sway of jeyne kassynder , who controls the church and eastern ehb . her power is steadily growing . the royal court has retreated to the mountain fastness of glitterdelve , in the west , and the bustling city of stonebridge has declared itself a free and independent republic . only a scattering of legion descendants survive . many were hunted down and slain by jeyne kassynder , while others fell victim to the mobs of common folk who rose up to sack their estates . but a network of descendants endures , organized by an elusive old man - the venerable odo - believed to be the last surviving legionnaire . he has protected the children of legion blood and kept them safe from jeyne kassynder . now a gathering has been called in the remote rukkenvahl , in the north . odo has asked all the legion descendants to assemble , in an attempt to rebuild the legion and take back their kingdom from jeyne kassynder , before it is too late . . . so to answer your question jeyne is hunting down anyone remotely related to the legion because of the supposed involvement in the regicide 30 years ago . she controls the church and must of the eastern land of ehb
i know while playing , the game has not let me sell , destroy , or put in my junk bag any quest items , so i am guessing that is the cause . while i do not have firsthand knowledge of your particular item , i did find some info on it . brother fallon’s beads st . hadwyn’s beads is an accessory which you’ll get in the plaguseshield . you will not be able to thrash it , go to st . hadwyn mission ( glendara ) and talk to brother udo . make sure that you make him certain that you believe in the ways of mitharu in order to trigger this quest . so it sounds to me like it is a quest item for a quest you do not have yet .
you want to use a monostable circuit . this turns any input pulse into a pulse with an exact length ( in ticks ) . hook this up to your clock and you can pulse the piston on for 1 , 2 , or however many ticks you want . by tweaking your clock speed and monostable circuit you can get very precise piston pulses , e.g. 1 tick on , 5 ticks off ; 3 ticks on , 7 ticks off etc . sethbling , noted redstone genius , gives a very good guide to monstable circuits , as well as other redstone components in this video :
there is almost no difference to default morale for the individual factions . some have plus or minus 1 , but compared to other factors , it is relatively negligible . you can read the details here . poland does in fact have a tiny edge . since it sounds like your theory is based on few battles , i would rather consider a different explanation : there is a large variety of other factors affecting the morale of enemy units . usually , more expensive units come with higher morale , such as a king 's guard will keep fighting when a usual knight will have routed long ago . nearby units , especially inspiring units , will increase morale , and very experienced units also have a very large bonus to morale . most important though are the ratings or the generals involved on both sides . finally , the fact that they were defending their last capital weights in very heavily - units without a way to retreat will fight far longer . i am not certain if they can flee at all - which would explain fighting ' til last man standing . however , i have also had cases of having to kill every single enemy in regular battles ( vs ai ) with ways for the enemy to retreat .
you need to place certain objects in your map before it will support invasion slayer . i found a guide in a forum post by eternalenmity . it says : here is a halfway decent guide in making invasion slayer maps . you need to have at most 6 initial spawn points for each team . they need to be labeled invasion and set to the proper team . you need backfield spawns . a backfield spawn is an area that is available to either all fireteams or some of them in all phases . ( fireteam-each team is split into 3 mini-teams . each player in a mini-team has a partner they can choose to spawn by , those miniteams are called fireteams ) a good number of backfield spawn zones to put are 3 . set each spawn zones spawn sequence to 0 , 1 , 2 or 3 . 0 , 1 and 2 are each individual fireteam . setting it 3 will make it available to all fireteams . you must label it inv_slayer_res_zone you have to have at least 1 drop zone . this will be labeled as inv_slayer_drop . set all the spawn sequences to either the same , or chronological order . this will decide which ones spawn before the others . set all the same for random choosing . now , i am not exactly sure whether or not you can choose which weapons came out of a drop , or in which phase . but i do not see why you should not be able to . last notes : unlike the normal invasion , you cannot phase or gate objects . this means you can not have objects spawn and/or delete themselves upon phases . blue team is elites , red team is spartans . vehicles labeled with created_vehicles make it so a vehicle is indestructable for 5 seconds upon spawning . never ever use the labels inv_platform or inv_mancannon as those or specific to the huge gravity lift , and the mancannons , respectively , that spawn in spire in the 3rd phase of invasion
using the term " better weapon " is really ambiguous . the more expensive weapons seem like a good choice when going against large army of police , but they have some trade-offs . the double barreled shotgun has a huge visibility , very low ammo capacity and only 2 shots before reload . the deagle has a big recoil and relatively large visibility . the automatic pistol is hard to handle effectively . while it is safe to say that generally more expensive weapons pack more punch , they are not as flexible as the cheaper ones . these are just a few examples . it really comes down to your style and the mission you are playing . you cannot simply say one gun is better than everything else in all situations . weapons are very situational . speaking overall , the more expensive weapons are not better , but they can be a better choice depending on your situation and goal . low visibility and silencer are important for stealth ; this makes car-4 and compact-5 the superior weapons allowing you to reach minimal visibility . for sheer power , the ak-series and shotguns make for excellent choices , depending on range . for very large open maps , the uar and m308 win the game with their supreme accuracy at long ranges . despite my earlier claim that more expensive weapons are not better , the more expensive weapon of the same type is usually better than the last one . ( amcar is inferior to the car-4 , and ak is inferior to the ak . 762 . )
according to a steam forum topic , you will have to overwrite menu_act01 through menu_act04 with menu_act05 in Steamapps/common/portal 2/portal2/media .
you can buy or sell any blacksmith plan in the auction house , except for the account bound plan of herding . they are listed in alphabetic order not level ( annoyingly , there is no way to change this ) but if you already found higher level plans , then you should be on the right screen to search for harvest moon as well . it is possible that there is none available at the time ; if this is the case price will show 0gp and the ' buyout ' button will be grayed out . option c ) is still a possibility , if you searched for items and entered the name in the legendary box at bottom - this will search on specific crafted stuff , not the plans themselves ! so for e.g. , if you search for Asheara's Clasp ( lvl 51 set gloves ) this is different from Plan: Asheara's Bindings that you will find in the right place on pages and recipes section . harvest moon plan on ah
i finally figured it out . use focus to follow the wires for pressure plates , trunks , safes , etc . they will sometimes lead you to a panel and when you interact with it , the wire cutters are automatically used to snip a wire and disable all of the traps attached to it . in some cases , this panel is several rooms away from the traps . the first one i encountered like this was in oxheart perry 's residence for the silence is golden quest .
it did not increase your weight ; it gave you wounded legs , which decreases your carrying capacity . you will get better after a few turns .
the eclipse war asset modifier is the same +50 regardless of how you resolve the situation . the only difference is the reputation you gain . release sederis = +5 renegade convince sayn to take over = +2 paragon convince sayn to kill sederis after she is released = none
sometimes they become openable doors through the story ( e . g . entrance/exit in dead city ) , sometimes you get a keycard or key to open them ( e . g . gearhead vault in subway ) , sometimes they can be opened by shooting gas tanks behind them ( e . g . wasted garage ) or similar . however , mostly they are just part of the wall that looks like a door - there seems to be more ' doors ' like that than any other .
no , the only way to see your medi gel capacity is to have as many medi gels as you can carry . . . and also know that you are maxed out . you can take an educated guess however ; you start at 3 , and each level of medi gel capacity boosts it by one . additionally there is a quest you can do for dr . michel ( maybe also doctor chakwas ? ) that increases your capacity by one . therefore , your character in the screenshot must have 5 or 6 max medigel ; they started with three and they must own med gel capacity ii already . only you would know whether you got the extra capacity from the quest . i am guessing it was not a priority to display it in-game because there is not much you can do about it ; you can not intentionally fill up on medi gel , and there is no reason to abandon medi gel if you are maxed , since it gives xp . but me3 is largely missing an " inventory " screen for items like this .
i was able to find an answer to this question here . basically , the hdmi handshake does not work correctly between some tvs and the xbox . the tv tells the xbox to only allow pc-like display options if it is set to auto-detect the display settings . to fix this : open the options on the xbox main screen right until you get to Settings select Console Settings → Display Discovery turn the auto display discovery to off it will ask you to reset your tv and xbox , after which you should have sound . you will also need to reset your display configuration ( i.e. . your resolution/hd settings ) .
this may be a mistake or some transaction may have happened you were not aware of . i honestly cant tell , but if you contact soe they can check your history and probably can at least find out why you received it .
game development consists of five stages : the zeroth stage is preparation , before any sliders are used . some tech and design points accumulate . stages 1 , 2 and 3 involve silders . the sliders affect the portion of the time to spend on each of the three fields . the sliders do not affect the length of the stage . raising a slider above the other sliders increases time spent on that field , which may be important depending on the kind of game you are making ( dialog in an rpg , for example ) . the last stage is bugfixing and lasts until you release the game . bugs reduce the quality of the game . if you want the best quality game , you should fix all the bugs . also during the last stage , tech and design points will continue to be added at a low rate ( even after the bugs are fixed ) . this also increases game quality , but it is not a very effective use of time . the optimum strategy over many games may not involve fixing all the bugs . stage length by game size ( d = day , 4d = 1 week ) : Size Prep 1 2 3 Bugs Small 3d 8d 8d 8d ? Medium 4d 13d 13d 13d ? Large 6d 18d 18d 18d ? AAA 9d 34d 34d 34d ? 
maxwell is the boy with the red cap , not the farmer . the instructions seem a little ambiguous there ( and slightly incorrect ) , but you are just supposed to use it " yourself " .
here 's my aggregated understanding of panic changes . there is still a good bit of uncertainty on some of the more rare cases . please edit this post if you have more detailed or more correct information ! also feel free to fix my crappy formatting . reducing panic successfully assault a ufo landing site or crash site -2 panic in the nation the ufo landed/crashed in complete a council mission ( vip escort , bomb defuse , etc ) -1 panic in all nations in all continents ? this seems to vary occasionally and may even be random . if it were random i would guess it is a panic reduction between 0 and 2 for each nation complete a major combat mission objective ( i.e. . assault the alien base ) -2 panic in all nations in all continents this may be different for other mission objectives build a satellite over a nation -2 panic in the associated nation ( -3 or even -4 if the nation specifically requested a satellite ) successfully stop a terror attack -2 panic in all nations on the continent the terror attack occurred in mixed panic response successfully respond to an abduction ( the 3-choice scenario that happens frequently ) -2 panic in the nation you responded to no panic change in other nations in the continent you responded to +1 panic in every nation in the continents which had an abduction you did not respond to in some cases , i have seen +2 panic in the specific nations that i did not respond to instead of just +1 . i think this may depend on either a ) the intensity of the attack or b ) the panic level before the abduction took place . increase panic fail to stop a terror attack +1 ( or 2 ? ) panic in all nations on the continent which was attacked the attacked nation leaves the xcom funding council instantly fail any other type of mission i have not actually had this happen yet , but at the least it has no benefit and probably increases panic further than just ignoring the mission would have . i believe there are slight variations in a lot of these , and panic may even go up somewhat randomly in individual nations which were not attacked . my justification for this is that i often have individual nations which have not been targeted by specific activity being at a higher panic level than the other nations on their continent . many of the events above are not directly under the player 's control . the things that the player can affect are : when and in what nations you build satellites . it is actually " wasteful " on potential panic reduction to put up a satellite in a nation with less than 3 panic . consider this carefully . you may be better off waiting until near the end of the month to put up satellites . unless you are finishing coverage on a continent , you do not get any immediate benefit , and unless you fail a mission a nation will not leave the council ( they leave if the report comes in and they are at 5 panic ) . a nation that is at panic level 3+ might end up getting attacked , and you can reduce its panic level by responding to it . if you had already put the satellite down you have lost that opportunity . you have to aggressively go after engineers and satellite uplinks to have enough satellites to keep everyone calm . putting your hq in africa for the 30% funding bonus helps in this . funding from an affluent nation like the united states can provide as much as $120 more than the poorer nations , which is the cost of two satellites , so keep it in mind . when you do major combat missions like the alien base assault seems advisable to save these for when you can really get a lot of use out of the panic reduction . obviously you have to have gone through the main mission objectives to get to this point at all , which can be challenging as you are focusing on satellites . which nation you respond to when abductions happen can be a tough choice . engineers are really important . money is too . and panic rises in the two continents you do not respond to . scientists and new soldiers are almost certainly bad choices in the first few months of the game .
as you noted , if it picks up engi , fluffwise there is no reason they should not pick up drones . this game does not try very hard to make biological sense ; do not get caught up on it . gameplaywise , while it may feel misleading to lase an enemy to find him completely freaking unharmed , it is more misleading , and more dangerous , to teleport into a ship and be caught unaware by more bodies than were on your sensors .
as usual angry bird 's nest has a guide golden egg #4 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of poached eggs . the angry birds soundboard is the first of the puzzle levels . here’s what you need to do to unlock the star . press the group of birds , slingshot , tnt , any top bird , and finally any bottom pig . there is also two similar levels you could be referring to : golden egg #12 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of danger above . the second soundboard puzzle level is all about the birds and their beautiful harmonies . to get the star press blue bird , red bird , black bird ( with eyes closed ) , blue bird , then finally the green bird . golden egg #17 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of the big setup . to get the star first fill in all the pigs then tap big brother so he opens his eyes . now drag him to all the way to the right . no . 17 was originally broken on the android version , i believe , but doing the above has worked for a while now .
from the developer 's site ( article on checkpoints ) : the color of the flame dictates how valuable the gem will be when you break the checkpoints . besides that the only reason you would want to break them is to make the game harder , which is exactly why they made them breakable . update : as mentioned by jonespm , shovel knight is now on steam and there is an achievement called " get the point " , which requires you to destroy all checkpoints in a single stage .
no , there is no left-handed mode , although there were lots of rumours . this ign editor 's note confirms that from nintendo itself . when sites started reporting our " news " we immediately started to have second thoughts . was there a left-handed mode ? we consulted our combined 50 pages of notes and realized we had made no such observations . that lack of evidence caused me to quickly send an inquiry to nintendo for extra verification . however asking nintendo a question can take a little while , particularly if it is something a bit off the radar or about a very specific game detail . . . . . . late , late last week i heard back from nintendo that there was no so such mode .
pick pocket the arrows from the npc 's who are shooting at targets . you have to do it before or after they are actually shooting at the targets unless you have the steal equipped perk unlocked . then replace the ones you took with 1 arrow of the type of arrow you want to have a lot of . then when they shoot the target you collect the arrows that hit the target and it will always be the arrow you gave them . npc 's get unlimited arrows to shoot so long as one arrow is on them they will continue to shoot that arrow . my example was i joined the thieves guild and pick pocketed everyone in there and gave them all 1 deadra arrow . now i go from the main room to the training room and collect all the deadra arrows they shoot at the targets to refill . i can get a stack of 100 or so arrows in about 7-10 min of running back and forth . gl to ya .
some mods or software that you could use to increase performance : ctd and memory patch enboost have you tired from ctds when your game is heavily modded ? unable to install hd texture packs without ctds or travel in the world very fast ? this patch fixes the problem and also brings you higher performance even without memory fixes enabled . this is not a graphic modification , so feel free to use with vanilla game . this will not degrade quality in any way to increase performance . unofficial skyrim patch - a comprehensive bugfixing mod ; also contains a " savegame debloatifier " feature that may help improve performance skyrim performance plus - installing it will give little ( unnoticeable ) graphics degradation , while certain cpu-intensive effects ( falling rain , snow , leaves , etc . ) are underway injectsmaa - like fxaa , but looks and performs better ( disable fxaa if using this ; if using enbseries , use the ' proxylibrary ' . ini setting to also use injectsmaa with enbseries ) skyrim project optimization [ uses ] a feature called occlusion culling , where [ it ] manually puts occlusion planes in some spots of the interiors to improve performance . what these occlusion planes do is unrender parts of the cell/objects/npcs that are not being seen by the player , in most cases behind a wall or above/below floors ( occluded ) . if less things are being draw on-screen at the same time , it means your hardware is using less processing power to achieve the same thing , and it automatically converts in better performance . these mods will increase performance , depending on a computer 's specs , but will degrade graphics : colorful lights - no shadows - more fps if your computer spec lurks somewhere near or below the edge of the recommended minimum system requirements you have probably noticed that the option to disable shadows is not offered in the launcher , and consequently may have noticed that the low quality shadow settings look like garbage . if you scratched a little deeper you probably tried disabling shadows by changing the commonly recommended ini values and were disappointed to find everything had turned dark and colorless . the vanilla shadow options amount to menu choices between a garbled blocky flickering striped mess and a beautiful slide show , or editing the ini to induce a global dungeon vibe . this mod offers a alternative that i think strikes a nice balance between eye candy and system performance by removing most of the system-hog shadows . everything will still be shaded to create the static , nice-looking shadows and colorful lights that utilize relatively little system resources . the shadows that are removed by this are the dynamically-rendered flickering shadows , commonly found near flames . bethesda hd textures redux this is a cut down version of bethesda hd texture pack for skyrim . it aims at improving skyrim visuals while , at the same time , allowing pc users with old systems to benefit from higher resolution textures . interior and dungeon fog remover removes fog in dungeons and indoor locations ; use this if getting low performance in these areas . replaces most default " fog " meshes with blank ones . several people have commented saying they are getting better performance in specific areas , so if you notice unusual performance drops in the presence of fog , this might help you . hialgoboost fps performance accelerator hialgoboost dynamically modifies internal rendering resolution in order to increase frame rate , and utilizes various additional approaches to make the game more responsive and smoothly controllable . it does not affect game contents .
use sc2gears to analyze your own replays . you can do a search filter on 1v1 " automm " game types and do a multi-rep analysis which gives you all the statistics and graphs you could wish for , including win/loss/ratio . i think this illustrates why it is important to keep all of your replays : battle .netis not an open data source ; they can show / hide anything any time they want . to see un-tampered-with analysis of your games , your replay archive is the best source . it is too bad sites like http://sc2ranks.com will also hide the losses ; they should theoretically be able to deduce your loss count from your recent games played even though battle .netdoes not give that metric explicitly . i guess it is not 100% guaranteed accurate . . . [ update ] more of a commentary to your question : as far as " am i doing well ? " honestly your win/loss ratio is of little use , because battle .nettries to match you with equally ranked players ( thus trying to keep your ratio ~50% no matter your skill level ) . if you are improving faster than your moving mmr rating is rising , the ratio will theoretically go up , but that is only in theory . bnet could just as easily randomly pair you with 10 favored opponents you will lose to . another reason why win/loss ratio is a bad metric to judge improvement : part of getting better is to focus on the things you are bad at , which means during practice you will not win as often . as most of us " practice " on the ladder itself , our win/loss ratio would inaccurately imply that the more you practice , the worse you are .
the flaming sword icon indicates the end of an attack , so you can chain the next one . it appears only on easy and medium settings . from the wikia : on hard , you only see a blue streak where your sword has just travelled and hear a faint " whooshing " sound to alert you to the timing of your attacks .
there are 4 pillars on the front of the building which need to be destroyed . you can achieve this with rpgs , tank shells , c4 and missile emplacements . also likely are chopper rockets and ifv cannon , although i have not tested this . the 4 pillars you need to destroy are the ones shown below . they already have some exposed reinforcement bars showing . each pillar takes 2x rpg shots to destroy , or 2x mbt rounds , or 2x tow stationary emplacements or 5x c4 explosives . this be beta values so this may change . this is an " undamaged " pillar . this is a " damaged " pillar . this is a " destroyed " pillar . when all 4 look like this , it is time to gtfo .
first things first you need to be playing a new game + , e.g. you have completed the game at least once before on that save file . secondly it is basically a matter of having high mental health ; not just green ending mental health , but mental health so high it is basically impossible to get even on a normal high mental health play through , so you need to follow special steps to get it that high ( you need an s* rank at the ending for this ) . do the following to get your mental health high enough for this ending : either play a pacifist play through or just avoid killing too many monsters . you do not have to , but it will greatly improve your mental health and require lest mental health grinding later on eat good food , sleep when you need to , general high mh ( mental health ) stuff . you must do this early on because if your mh is high he gives you items that help you raise your mh even more later on . as per above , talk to the director at every opportunity , he is instrumental to this . he gives several items for cooking better food . adopt the cat by giving it all 5 cans of cat food ( give the director cat comics to get all 5 cans , they are in the city ) . attempt to give your sleepy cat to all human characters this includes kenny , bendizo , chie , the director , hank and the man in the box ( take a green pill ) , and also to the cat after giving it 5 tins of cat food . after getting all items from each sleepy cat receiver , you should be able to make an ultimate burger . combine bun with patty , then add lettuce , then sliced cheese , then add pickles . he will declare it as the ultimate cheeseburger when you are done . do not eat the last of any of these items before getting all other parts . you only get one of several . the burger is also good for a trophy , one very hard to get by accident . everyone is also a requirement for the yellow ending , so you might as well do it now even if you get high enough mental health otherwise . save your cola/mexican cola items ; after getting the cat key you can access a special room inside the hospital with a liquid nitrogen can . use your colas on this canister to chill them ; this gives two trophies on ps ( one for each kind of cola ) and greatly improves your mental health , which may push you over a tipping point if your mh is too low when you enter the hospital once in the hospital you should be able to open the first door from the left , the one you usually says he is too scared to open . if not , try freezing your colas as per above ; if that is not enough you will need to return to an earlier save and grind more mental health . try talking to your cat a bunch , i believe that helps . after entering the corridor in the hospital . . . you will find her , zombified . she will crawl along the floor and will violently react to any attempts to harm her . do not shoot her , put down flares or rotten meat . you will be able to hide in several spots along the way , hide until her passes by you then exit hiding and slip into the next hiding spot to the left . the last hiding spot is swarming with thin men but you should be fine if you hide carefully . if you fire a shot or thin men notice you , then you lose the ability to hide and will have to exit the room to the right and try again , or her kills you . after exiting the corridor to the left you will get the white/best ending . in the ending you find that her seems to be dying , and you continues on without her . sort of a best ending compared to the blue one and it seems to wrap up her 's significance to the story more .
marked for death is a new weapon introduced in worms reloaded . it is activated by placing the cursor over the target worm , then using it . the afflicted worm will be marked with a storm cloud over their head and they will take highly increased damage until their death . source : http://worms.wikia.com/wiki/marked_for_death edit : all attacks do double damage for the rest of the game .
there is an icon devoted to it in the featured tab in the app store . while that may disappear in the future , you can also find a section under hot new games . judging by how long made for ios 4 has lasted under hot new games , this is likely where you will always want to look for game center -enabled games .
i am told : 7 am est ( with weeklies resetting tuesday ) . further more , it is my understanding this is universal ( 6 am cst , 1 pm cet ) .
by " combat " , they mean man-to-man combat , not ship-to-ship combat . basically , mantes make good raiding parties or security guards .
it used to be 4 medals , due to the fact there are more medals now since 1.2 it has been changed to 8 medals without dying .
the wonderful thing about virtual machines is that they are " virtually " identical to real machines . assuming the host is a powerful enough computer , there should be no problems . however if you run it alongside other virtual machines you may run into the obvious problems such as bandwidth starvation ( if multiple machines share one network adapter ) or cpu starvation ( as they all share one machine 's cpu ( s ) ) . there should be no problems that are unique to the fact that it is a virtual machine , though !
relays are always linked to the closest powersource ( powered relay or powerstation ) and if they lose that connection ( i.e. . powerstation or relay got destroyed ) they look for other powersources to connect to . the connection is not " lost " , it is just not maintained because it is not neccessary . they will always only connect to one powersource at a time , which explains your image where the powerstation is closer to the relay than the other relay . if you would sell the powerstation , the relay would connect to the other relay again . sidenote : if a relay is connected to a powerstation ( including via other relays ) it is always powered , which means you do not need a connection to your base to power forward buildings , just a connection to a powerstation .
team collision determines whether you can walk through your team-mates or not . if team collision is on , then your team-mates will act the same way as an enemy when you come into contact with them , namely , they will be able to block doors and the like with their body . if team collision is off , then you will be able to freely walk through your team-mates . this is a mostly anti griefing option , so that people can not purposely block doors to prevent their team-mates from getting out of spawn . it is also a tactical concern , as you can not stuff a bunch of players in one position if team collision is on . keep in mind that enemies will always have collision on .
you are correct on all three questions . i think one point is that you get all of that stuff in the same place , and with multiple chests you can organize stuff more . for example , i have a smithing cabinet and an equipment chest . also , your house is usually more conveniently located than wherever the alchemy lab and enchanting table happen to be in a given city . the other thing you get is some weapon racks ( 2 in the house in whiterun ) and armor stands ( 0 in whiterun , unfortunately ) . these let you display weapons and armor , which is a nice little point of customization . i have the sanguine rose sitting in mine , and it looks pretty neat . so no , you do not really get anything new beyond the first container ( which is valuable because your stuff will not grow legs while it is in there ) . so what are the upgrades for ? completionists , mostly . i might not get every house , but i plan to fully upgrade the ones i do , because they look nice . ( also , some of the upgrades to later houses get you , for example , a cabinet full of good potions , iirc . ) the house upgrades are what an mmo player might call a " gold sink " , and after all you will end up with quite a bit of it .
set explosive gel on the question marks beforehand , then go stand on the button , zoom in and use the remote detonator to detonate the gels in the correct sequence .
you enter the same way as you did the first time , i.e. go through wonder city and take the elevator . you will not be able to access the topmost part of the tower , but there are no collectibles that far up . all trophies , riddles and breakable items are still reachable after completing the main campaign .
the value in your inventory is the worth of the item . vendors will give you a percentage of that value based on your speechcraft skill and other factors . likewise they will sell it for a multiple of that value . specifically the price is : sell price = [ value of item ] / [ 3.3 - ( 1.3 * [ speech skill ] /100 ) ] * [ ( 1 + haggling % ) * ( 1 + allure % ) * ( 1 + fortify barter from potion ) * ( 1 + the sum of fortify barter from equipment + fortify barter from blessing of zenithar ) from the uesp wiki .
you will be fine . millions of passengers have no problem with laptops brought through airport security . your xbox will be fine . here 's a quote from about.com: letting your laptop go through the x-ray equipment will not harm your laptop . the magnetic field which is generated is not enough to cause harm to your hard drive or cause damage to your data . metal detectors on the other hand , can cause damage and request politely that security/customs do not use the metal detector but do a hand check instead .
there seems to be an intermittent issue with chrome where this happens . i have not been able to determine what the cause is , but unmaximizing the browser window , and then maximizing it again seems to clear up the problem .
most pro players do it to " warm up " their fingers early in the game . that way , when they need to produce tons of meaningful actions in the mid-to-late game , they are " limber " . whether or not that helps or is the best method for warming up , however , is questionable . tzenes , our resident sc2 guru , addressed this in an answer to an earlier question on improving your apm : epinephrine has some interesting effects on the human body , one of which is to contract the blood vessels in your fingers right before a tournament reducing circulation and making them feel ' cold . ' spamming keys is less effective at over coming this than taking a second and flexing your fingers . a lot of amateur players will spam actions to get a higher " apm " number . as has been said countless times , though , it is not how many actions you have per minute but what you do with your actions that is the difference between victory and defeat .
here 's a summary of what it does : " doing the eraser trick is very easy , you only need two or more science vessels with irradiate researched . to do the trick , simply have your two science vessels irradiate each other , and fly them over or near the units you wish to kill . since science vessels are not biological units , irradiate has no effect on them ; however , irradiate 's splash damage hurts surrounding biological units . " taken from http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/science_vessel_eraser
as the wiki entry you linked explains , every time an opponent reduces your life to 0 you go down and have a bar that shows your remaining consciousness which gets lowered by time and attacks and increased if you get revived or call for help ( the 4th skill ) . if you get revived or manage to call for help long enough , you get back into the fight . if it is empty , you are completely dead and can only get revived by another player or respawn at a teleport point . the starting consciousness gets reduced by the death penalty . white means you start at 75% , yellow 50% , orange 25% and with red you die immediately , no call for help or rock throwing possible .
i have found that if you attack some one and they survive the first hit , they some how telepathically tell the guards , at least in towns . a " stealth kill " is really any situation where you one-hit kill someone and no-one sees . this is normally done while sneaking as you will get the damage multipliers ( i think its x2 for bows and x3 for melee without perks ) which make it a lot easier to do . it is 3x for bows , 6x for one handed , 15x for daggers , and 2x for anything else with the relevant perks ( deadly aim , backstab , assassin 's blade )
the xbox 360 version is at pc patch beta 1.6.6 . weather was introduced in beta 1.5 . so yes , there is thunderstorms and all types of weather in the xbox 360 version . bonus : crappy video of weather in action :
" reverse pickpocketing a poison using the poisoned perk does not count as a crime , even if the magical effect of the poison ( e . g . " damage health" ) would otherwise be considered a criminal act if applied any other way . this makes it entirely possible to kill or weaken innocent enemies , right in front of everyone , without incurring a bounty . " no , successfully planting enough poison on your target to kill him/her will not create a bounty . if you fail in your attempt to reverse-pickpocket a poison onto the target , you will receive a bounty . furthermore , if you successfully plant poison on the target , but not enough to kill them , they may hire thugs to come after you . this will not put a bounty on your character .
i found a way to move my hi-hat farther left without having to move either blue or green over to the left-hand side ( which was driving me crazy ) . however , this will only work if you have an extra rb drum kit around to cannibalize . ( since the pieces of my rb1 kit turned out to be compatible , i assume an rb2 kit would be , but i do not know . ) i removed the long clamp from between the blue and green cymbals . then i took the yellow cymbal and its pole out of their clamp , replacing that pole with one leg ( both the post and the foot ) of my old rb1 drums . finally , using the long clamp , i attached the yellow cymbal and its pole sticking out to the left of the rb1 pole . here 's the back of the left-hand side ; the yellow cymbal is just above the picture frame . note the two ' nested ' feet at the bottom . here 's the back of the right-hand side . at first it was unchanged except for the removal of the cross-brace clamp ; then i realized i could use the other leg of my old drums to stabilize the post of the green cymbal , which was wobbling without the cross-brace : there is nothing attaching the green cymbal 's post to the leg ; i just adjusted the extra leg 's height to sliiiightly higher than the bottom of the green post , so that when i nestled the base of the green post into the open upper end of the extra leg , the extra leg would take some of the weight . here 's a drummer 's-eye view of the result :
there is not any . there is no way around the recycle time limit that will not get you banned fairly quickly . i tend to just blindly recycle ( and watch the phone screen from the corner of my eye ) while i am reading or watching a video or something . you can drop items reasonably quickly if your phone is fast enough ; my trick is to hover the right middle finger above ops , the left thumb over the screen center , and the right thumb over drop . then touch the three in sequence , with just the right speed . unfortunately , that leaves them around for the opposition to use … so maybe you had rather recycle , and use the resulting xm for recharging … ?
you are right in that you should not have tried to heal as enhancement . not only are there equipment differences ( i am guessing you did not have much int or spell power gear ? ) , but by not being restoration , you miss out on a powerful heal spell ( earth shield ) and a 1 second cast-time reduction on your only other healing spell for that level - healing wave . as soon as you hit level 30 ( at least , i think it is 30 . . . ) you will unlock the ability to have a dual talent spec . this means you can have a restoration spec for healing instances , and an enhancement spec for soloing when you are not running dungeons . regarding being kicked from the instance group : it is rough being a new player , and sometimes other players forget that . chin up , do not let it get to you , and i would suggest finding a guild , or making some in-game friends that can help you learn .
you have to make it from the bottom to the top without touching any checkpoints . that way , you can free the sliding platform , die , and respawn below , in position to collect the trinket . the most important part is that you must respawn in the same room . else the platforms will reset and you will be stuck again .
while most actions in multiplayer increase your readiness rating from the base 50% , promoting a character in multiplayer adds 75 to your war assets , permanently . you do not gain permanent readiness rating from this action , however . when you multiply your war assets by your readiness rating , you end up with your effective military strength , which is really the number that matters when the game determines which variant of the endings will be available .
your formula is correct : if the chances of getting a ring in one run are 1/10 , then the expected number of runs is 10 . and if that is the case , then the expected number of runs to get 3 rings is 3*10=30 runs . once you have all three keys , you craft them into a portal , which you use to get a chance at one of three organs . assuming these organs also have a 10% drop rate , that means you will need an average of 10 portals ( = 30 keys = 300 key-runs ) per organ . since you need 3 organs , your overall expected number of runs is 900 for all the keys you need , plus another 30 to get the organs , for a total of 930 ( at mp1 ) . in general , if k is the probability of a key dropping and o is the probability of an organ dropping , your expected number of runs ( including both keys and organs ) will be 9/po + 3/o . note that the error in your logic is that you appear to be assuming the expected value is the same as the point at which you have 50% chance of succeeding - it is not . take coin-flips for example ; you have a 50% chance of getting heads after only one flip , but the expected number of flips to see a heads is 2 .
here 's the footprint of the mine 's placement , per banished-wiki : legend : tile - green arrow : the front of the mine . you can place a path here . tile - green space : this land must be relatively flat . tile - brown space : this land must be part of the mountainside . as of this posting there is no terrain editor and the game is pretty good about telling you where you can and place structures ( as you have indicated ) , so it may just be the case that you will not be able to use that location . is this a lone , done-shaped mountain you have found ? in my experience , i have had trouble with these ( unless they are sufficiently large ) as well as mountain ridges with a very convex outline . try finding a relatively linear mountainside instead ?
go into steam and select Steam -&gt; Backup and Restore Games... . in the backup and restore dialog , select the restore radio box and click next . then browse to the root of the cd . it should say it found a backup for portal 2 . click next , and it should install the majority of the game . note that i have not tried this and offer no guarantees that it will work better than what you have tried already .
i would suggest using buttons instead of switches . you push a button , the door opens , then the button deactivates , closing the door . it is true that the delay is really short , maybe not even enough for you to get through . this problem can be solved using repeaters to build circuit delaying the closing signal . i currently do not have enough time to try and build a working solution , but if you will not figure it out on your own by then , i will do my best to update this post later in the day . edit : just for for the sake completeness : instead of buttons , you could also use pressure plates . just place one in front of the door from both sides . be wary though , because mobs can also trigger them . ( i almost lost my mind once , when i had a door wired like this and a damn chicken kept stepping on the plate and banging with the door . i had to replace the plate with a button . )
why do not you save your game and then spend your perks on different trees to see what combination works better for you . there is no point going all that way as a battlemage to start learning archery now ( unless your at a high archery level already ) using silent magic for the dark brotherhood will be dam good work , and for the thieves guild , you wont really be fighting at all ( opinion ) due to stealing most of the time . but it is rightfully your choice in the end , the light armour tree works very well for almost all others , with better perks going up to the weightlessness of it eventually , now , choosing alteration , whether your a thief or not does not really matter , or maybe it does to you , but you initially need to activate that , whereas the armour you do not . but just look at the tree , at the perks , and have a hard think , think about everything you do , how it will help in any and all situations , think about light armour too , then you will finally see which one will be worth it more . that is what helps me , thinking far in advance and how i will use those perks , i hope any of this helps you out friend rob
the second time that you go to the steel mill , un-gag harley ( you can always just re-gag her afterwards ; ) ) , and she will tell you about stealing some of freeze 's stuff . follow the objective marker , and you should get the freeze cluster pretty easily . it can freeze multiple people near each other , immobilizing them , but unlike the normal freeze grenade , it will not keep them from shooting .
wisdom does not affect searching , as far as i know . so i will instead cover how you can improve your searching , rather than improve wisdom . the main things that affect it are luck , having a pair of lenses , and getting excalibur . luck is the main factor . the higher your luck , the more likely you will find a door in fewer chances . if you have slightly bad but not horrible luck , you can usually guarantee finding a door in around 20 tries . but if your luck is really bad , it is incredibly difficult to find such doors . so more important than anything , do not ruin your luck . if you have ruined your luck , you should wait for the bad luck to time out before you continue to search . to improve your luck , the main options are to throw gems at co-aligned unicorns or to sacrifice monsters that make your god happy . these both rely on the fortune of running into an early co-aligned unicorn and altar respectively . as reinforced by sepp2k in the comments , do note that good luck will time out just the same as bad luck , if you lack a luckstone . which , early game , is not a very common prospect . lenses are an accessory time item you can wear over your eyes . they are extremely rare , but if you are lucky enough to find a pair early on then you can use them to help , as they improve the success rate of finding secret doors . there is an artifact pair of lenses , but they are neutral alignment ( and the monk quest artifact , specifically ) and so would not be of use to a lawful character such as yourself . but they are a pretty handy item for neutral non-monk characters lucky enough to get an early wish that they would like to spend on it . excalibur is an artifact longsword . any lawful character who reaches xl 5 can dip a longsword into a fountain and have a chance to get this weapon . as a lawful valkyrie , you start with a longsword , which makes this that much easier to get . plus , it is a great weapon to have in general . while wielded , it not only grants the searching extrinsic ( which automatically searches at the end of every turn ) , but it also improves your success rate . note , however , that the bonus it gives is in proportion to its enchantment level . so if you do not happen to run across any scrolls of enchant weapon early game , it will not help too much . but this weapon represents one of the best early game aids to searching . if you have good item fortune , then you may also come across a wand of secret door detection or a stethoscope . these items , once you find yourself at a dead end , greatly expedite your success by simply revealing the secret passages . healers start with the latter .
short answer - just wait , stack cards and wait . they may put down 1 or 2 guys that can damage your relics but they will fill all the other lanes with structures that cant attack your idols . i literally went about 40-50 rounds ( can not recall exactly ) getting about 30+ resources . when i finally had all the cards i wanted , i had the following units : blessing of haste x2 focus x3 skirmishers x4 ( there are 2 types of skirmishers ) general x1 vanguard x1 plate armor x2 frost wind x1 haboinks x2 decimate x3 ( not in the starter deck ) the scary part comes next , you will play your general and vangaurd in a row together pop plate armor on them and use frost wind on the enemies in direct line with them to make sure they dont hit you . wait one turn , hope your general and vangaurd survive 1 health or more does not matter you win if they survive . put down all four of your skirmishers adjacent to your general then use both blessing of hastes on your general to bring it is cooldown to 0 which at the same time will bring all your skirmishers and vangaurds cooldown to 0 . now you play everything you got to increase damage so that you destroy everything in the three rows . make sure you place spells wisely so as to not waste damage on idols your goal is to destroy everything so that 3 turns later you win . it takes patience but it feels o so good after putting them in the dirt . this has worked on 2 occasions in the trials against energy decks . a serious flaw in ai in my opinion .
let 's look at each item , and how it affects gangplank : philosopher 's stone - this is a strong item on many champions . it gives him the mana regen he needs to use parrrley , hp regen , and gp/5 . wriggle 's lantern - provides armor , ad , life steal , a unique passive and a free ward . this is another strong pick , especially if jungling gangplank . mercury treads - these boots are considered the default tank boots , due to mr and tenacity . spirit visage - provides health , magic resist , cdr , and a boost to healing . i do not recommend this item because it does not synergize well with any of his abilities . frozen heart - provides armor , mana , cdr , and an aura debuff . this item is best vs an auto-attack heavy team , otherwise i would skip it . thornmail - provides armor , and deals magic damage when auto-attacked . i do not recommend this item on gangplank , because a clever opponent will stop focusing gangplank when they see you have purchased it . since your goal is to be a tank , this is counter-productive . warmogs armor - provides the most health in any item , and good health regen . helpful for staying alive . atma 's impaler - provides 15 ad for every 1k hp , armor , and crit chance . a solid pick if you have extra health from runes/items . the first build you have listed is very defensive . you end with 229 armor and 55 mr . this build would be most effective against a team that relies on auto-attacks ( master yi , ashe , etc ) . it is going to be weaker vs a team doing primarily magic damage . warmog 's and atma 's provides more health ( good if you have armor/mr ) , and some damage , which helps if you are jungling gangplank , it is common to rush a wriggle 's first . if you are top lane , you are going to focus on spamming parrrley instead , so i would recommend rushing a philosopher 's stone . sheen is a common pick , because parrrley trigger 's sheen 's bonus damage . it also builds into a triforce , an item that boosts all of gangplank 's abilities . every game is different , and you have to build vs your enemy team . of all the items listed , mercury treads and a philosopher 's stone are always viable . wriggle 's is very common to see on him , and most of the time will be a good pick . from there , build a sheen if you are using parrrley a lot , or health , armor , and/or magic resist depending on what is doing the most damage to you . tl ; dr : mercury treads , philosopher 's stone , and wriggle 's lantern are almost always good picks . everything else is situational .
ok , heres the heads-up . i am a wotlk player ( patch 3.3.5a ) , and i swear by carbonite too . quest helper is mostly just a tiny little arrow pointing you in the direction that your quest target is in , but does not take into account that there may be multiple zones where you can finish your quest . carbonite , on the other hand , tracks your quests on a interactive minimap , zones out all the locations in color , points you in the right direction , and even warns you when enemy players are abound . it also contains a list of quests that needs to be completed in a handy little box . downside is , playing the game without either addons named above is the best way to learn and to use your quest log and map . so this is really a question of " what is your flavour ? "
i may have found the answer . i did not realize that it makes use of the flash player data directory instead of somewhere more logical , like the documents or steam folder . machinarium forums long story short . . . if you are regularly using something like ccleaner to clear out your temp files , then your save games will get blown away .
when you activate the teleportato in sandbox mode , you will receive xp for the days that you have survived and be able to change characters . going through the teleportato will keep your current inventory and all of your prototypes . this new world is only going to be different geographically . the monsters have the same hp and attack power ; they will behave in the same way as you would find them in your first world . you are just generating a new world to exploit explore ! sources : klei forums , steam user forums , personal gameplay .
oscuro 's oblivion overhaul is one of the best mods for oblivion , in my opinion . you can download it from oscuro 's site , planet elder scrolls or tes nexus . the initial download size is not that big , only 23 mb for the latest version ( 1.33 ) , although the installer then downloads the actual mod , which takes up approx . 1 gb of space , from what i remember . here is an installation and quick-start guide . i would also recommend installing the unofficial oblivion patch ( compatible with ooo ) , as it fixes thousands of bugs left over from the official patches . to quote raven dreamer : do not forget the unofficial oblivion patch supplemental . the uop introduces a major bug regarding the fort sutch oblivion gate , but the supplemental fixes this , among other things good luck !
this could be due to key bindings . if the f key is bound to something other than the default binding , then there may be issues adding items to favorites . if you did rebind the key , you can try resetting the key bindings to default : note : this is for the steam version of the game . in explorer , navigate to : %ProgramFiles(x86)%\Steam\steamapps\common\Skyrim\Data cut and paste the Skyrim - Interface.bsa file to your desktop or other safe place . start the game . the keyboard bindings should be reset to default . reference : http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/615805-/61000928 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/615805-/60959665 http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2278378
regardless of your interactions with granny rags , slackjaw will offer you the non-lethal way of dealing with the twins . his dialog changes somewhat , but otherwise the quest is exactly the same . i ran this both ways - one run through the game i helped granny rags , and in the other i avoided her altogether . both times i non-lethally dealt with the twins with slackjaw 's help . if you have not poisoned slackjaw 's elixir machine , though , you can use it when you return to his hideout later . if you bypass granny rags altogether : you will also skip the quest towards the end of the game where you have to either assist slackjaw from escaping granny rags or assist granny rags with slackjaw . the gate you had normally need to find the key to is simply unlocked - there is no reason to go to granny rags ' hideout .
i poked around and discovered a new folder : ~/library/application support/minecraft/texturepacks/ putting the texture packs you download in this folder makes them appear in the menu . do not extract the files , just leave the . zip there .
before we talk about " how to harass " you first need to know why . . . why do you want to harass zerg early ? the zerg race is like a virus , it will spread out and overwelm you . so , if you do not want to be overwelmed , you will have to deny your opponent from spreading out . this is where a harass comes into play : you essentially prevent your opponent from performing a part of his plan . by placing your bunker at the bottom of his ramp , you delay him from performing an fast expand and sending zerglings towards your base / expansion / . . . as a bonus , you force him to create counter units against your bunker . this allows you to anticipate . . . why can not i keep the pressure up ? the bunker is like a firewall , it will work until the virus takes it down . but ! as you see : unless you have planning on performing a cheese inside his base , you will be unable to keep up the pressure . this is why you only send what you need for the harassment to work and no more . so that you can keep your defense up , take the xal naga towers , and so on . . . how can i keep the pressure up ? the law of diminishing returns : putting too much effort into something specific is not worth it . so , once your harassment is in place forget about it . instead , work towards your next harassment . your opponent will manage to start spreading out so we need to figure out three things : where does your opponent spread to ? --> scouting how can i efficiently prevent or deny him from spreading out ? --> harassment what unit composition will he use to overwelm me ? --> scouting as your opponent has zerglings and banelings or roaches , your marines will not help you in preventing him from the spread . they are not fast for scouting purposes either . but , there is an unit in the terran repository which answers these three questions quite well ! the hellion : when playing zerg , hellions can also be used to ravage drone lines . they are also effective against zerglings but will fall to larger numbers of units quite quickly . with good micro , hellions can take out large numbers of zerglings ( even roaches prior to their range buff in patch 1.12 1 ) . this fast driving unit allows you to gain excellent map control to figure out where your opponent is , with a bunch of them you can easily take out drones and zerglings . as roaches and banelings are slower they are less likely to be at his non-natural expansions . and if they are they probably are not in his natural base , allowing you to let the harassment take place if he did not build up defense against it . so , together with scanning his creep for buildings this perfectly answers the questions ! but what about banelings and roaches ? if the virus gets stronger , so should you . let 's see how useful your rax still is and what else you can use the fact for : counter against roaches : marauders , instead of wasting minerals into self-suicidal marines you can now reuse your rax . tanks , in an unsieged mode do nice dps and can be turned into sieged mode against swarms . counter against banelings : marines , if you have any left , can be spread out to waste the banelings . marauders , again , have consecutive shells and can tank baneling damage . hellions , can kite banelings if you micro properly . a word of caution : do not take marauders out alone on the battlefield , they are easily overwelmed . supported by hellions in the front and/or tanks in the back they are a deadly anti-ground force . do not forget to expand when you move out ! but what about mutalisks and burrowed roaches ? if you do not take the necessary precautions , a virus will infect you . you can do four things , perhaps combine them : aa turrets , a static defense . a must for your mineral line , also helps you see cloaked roaches . an armory , which is essentially needed for a mechanical play-style . besides allowing you to do upgrades for both vehicles and air , they give you access to the powerfull thor . word of caution is that this is a slower unit and is more a kind of static defense , they should only be taken on the field if you have enough map control or aa turrets in your base to anticipate your opponent . . . a starport , which gives you access to vikings , hellion drops , raven , banshees , and bc ! stimmed marines , just swap addons with a factory and you can quickly transition into them . vikings are also useful to take out overlords/seers and become essential against later brood lords . you are talking about some kind of mechanical play ? interesting ! sometimes , you have to use ' the stuff that you barely use ' a lot ! this is a popular way to deal with zerg , see the mech tree in the left side at lp ii - terran match-ups . if this does not work out , it also lists a 3 rax +1 timing push and the fresh 4oc economy-wise play . why does an attack i planned fail ? turn your opponent crazy ! but secure your expansions against a counter attack . . . do not focus on getting a single thing out , if the zerg figures out that you are going to attack something specific ( he can figure that out by creep , which gives vision ; overlords and burrowed units ) he will have his army ready to counter you . instead , you might want to attack at two places at the same time : attack the closest expansion with your army while dropping hellions at one of his other expansions or his base ; similar you could kite units away , or force them to run away by using the raven 's abilities . . . bonus : demonstration vod because a video tells you more than a thousand words . in a 1:1:1 setting , i found a replay for you that has a mix of game-play summed up in this answer . although i could not find better quality because it is ro32: gsl season 3 - thebestfou vs liquid`ret unless you do not care about a non-english version that starts with an advertisement .
the date is not currently something that can be displayed . though i do not know of any currently , i think it should be possible to display the date via a mod -- perhaps you should try asking on the modding section of the bay12 forums ? do note , that the date is also mentioned for any given a nnouncement , if you are trying to determine when something happened .
i looked it up online and looks like a glitch on all platforms . i found a work around for it though . if you are affected by the glitch , make sure you take out the last two snipers ( that try to take down the chopper ) before they can move . as soon as i did this , it worked for me .
the super battle maison battles are the best because of the least downtime , assuming you can somewhat consistently beat them up to and beyond round 20 . doing the regular battle maison fights will require you to start over repeatedly , and half the fights will only earn you a single bp . in super battles you will earn 2 points for the first 10 rounds then 1 extra bp per round after the next 10 rounds , up to a maximum of 7 after 51 rounds . due to the battle maison characters quite literally cheating it can be hard to keep up that momentum though . it does somewhat depend how far you can go ; if the regular battles are easy but you die in the first 10 or so battles of super battle maison , it is better to do regular battles just for the consistent earn and the 20 bp payout at the ( relatively easy ) battle chatelaine fight at round 20 . 20 rounds of normal battle earn you 48 bp thanks to the 20 bp bonus , you will only come out ahead in super battles after round 20 , but after that it is a solidly better earn rate . however if you lose the 20th round in normal battles , you lose almost half your possible earn . battle institute is just . . . bad , unless there is some insane payout for doing perfectly somehow . i have found it pretty pointless myself , but i can not find the exact payouts in order to completely disprove it . i just know that winning all rounds handily still is not quite enough for it to be faster than super battles in battle maison .
no . the pc version of minecraft and the console version of minecraft cannot connect to each other . the playstation version of minecraft does its multiplayer over psn . you connect directly to another player 's world , rather than setting up a server . therefore , you cannot connect to a pc minecraft server on ps3 , and vice versa .
i managed to do it with the same code through in the gui .
in case anyone wonders , it appears that majesty 2 has different update versions for each expansion . this means that the latest patch version for majesty 2 with no expansions is 1.1.88 , while 1.4.356.0 , is for one of majesty 2 's later expansions .
in the middle of the game , there are a few strategies : equip accessories which increase your first strike rate ( gale hairpin ) , lower enemies ' first strike rate ( alarm earrings ) , and raise your agility ( hermes shoes / sandals ) . higher agility gives your characters a better chance to strike first . also equip abilities which raise your speed and evasion . brave all the time to maximize your damage up front . use job abilities to prevent enemies ' hits . for example : templar 's rampart , dragoon 's jump , and ninja 's utsusemi . later in the game , bonus chains become much easier for two reasons : you are ( probably ) over-leveled compared to all the enemies . you will be able to more easily kill them fast , and dodge their hits . the last job has a ability which will wipe out all regular enemies , unless they get a first strike . just equip this ability and the alarm earrings .
coconuts are still in city folk and still wash up on the beach , but are pretty uncommon . you will just have to check beaches until they appear , and make sure to pick up shells which could cover their spawn location .
the issue you are experiencing is called overscan : where parts of the image that your television displays appears to be " cut off " on each side , or bleed outside of the visible area of your tv screen . the behavior is extremely common on crt televisions , but some newer flat-panel tvs/hdtvs perform overscan by default as well , for a few different reasons . however , many modern television models include a menu option somewhere allow you to reduce or eliminate the overscan effect , though it is not uncommon for that setting to be buried fairly deep if it does exist . one bit of good news is that even if your television does not allow you to adjust the overscan , many games include a " screen adjustment " or similarly-titled option in their own settings menus . this will allow you to tell the game what the visible area of your tv screen actually is , so that it will make sure to draw all text and ui elements within the screen area that you can actually see . not all games include this sort of feature , though . you can read more about overscan and why it exists here .
no jobs are truly miss-able , but they get much harder to get later on as you progress towards the end of the game . i.e. , some item steals and drops can get quite limited and you might find yourself unable to physically win the battles towards the end of the second to last chapter ( unless you summon a high/max level wrecking ball of a player to your aid ) . be on the look out for new quest later on in the chapter . e.g. , there are two jobs that you can not get before the end of chapter four . you will need to beat the fire temple before you can unlock the ninja ; the pirate jobs involves talking to datz ( in eisenburg ) about a ghost ship and going out to sea to look for a foggy area . it is worth noting that the performer job in chapter three can be miss-able early on , since it has a time limit , but it becomes available again in chapter five , if you missed it . there is also the vampire genome abilities , some of which are only accessible right after unlocking the vampire job in chapter four and do not become available until the end of the final final chapter . no content or items in the game re truly miss-able , since you can go back via new game+ . the game is somewhat passive-aggressive about telling you to do all the quests . a general rule to help you not miss a majority of the content is to : do all available side quests ( blue marker ) before going about doing the main quest steal from all unique enemies you encounter as a side note , you will need to do at least 3 play through in order to get all event viewer entries . getting all the pages for the encyclopedia might take more though .
i have scowered tiny death star , and as of version 1.1.2144 it looks like you cannot recycle a floor . the only way to attempt at getting another floor would be to delete the game and start over .
well , assuming you start in the top left corner and end in the bottom right corner , the longest possible path will be one that zig/zags along the entire map from north to south or east to west . i wrote the following recursive program for fun to find the longest path and produce an output and it comes out with this solution no matter what size for height , weight you input : note though , this does not mean the longest path is actually an optimal strategy in turret defence type games , because you have to factor in things like tower costs and upgrades . more often than not , the best situation is simply to force units to congregate as much as possible in a kill zone . it gets even more convoluted when you factor in things like slowing towers . here is some sample outputs : @raven dreamer yes , i realize that last edge case , i am unsure why its not doing that last optimization just yet , but i did modify my code to include a movable entrance/exit . here is a sample generation of a middle entrance : i removed my program since i figured out the source of error , i will put up a working version later , but its going to take some rewriting . the answer remains unchanged though , the longest path is not that interesting , but it was a fun programming exercise .
this is my current build ( focused around having kridershot ) this build is centered around kiting your targets because of slow and increased damage to slowed targets . as long as you keep marked for death up , you will have a generally very good hatred management . shadow power and vengenance give you the health regen you need to survive or if you get caught in a corner they can help to bail you out . the elemental arrows hit for between 500-700k and cluster arrows hits for 1.8 million . the only problem i have with it is when the elemental arrow splits off , it might hit a treasure goblin that is not on the screen and starts its timer far too early . edit : after replacing the bow that caused elemental arrows to generate hatred it was difficult to maintain , even with marked for death . this build is slightly modified because of the new weapon
spoiler : by combining a knife and a feather . if you can not find one : just grab somebody 's pillow while they are not watching and slice it open with your knife . plenty of feathers in there .
i have tried it and somehow experienced the same bug . however i have manage to overcome it by going back and re-entering the particles-field . i have recorded a short demo if you want to watch it here on youtube . beware there is a small spoiler in the video : i have a red gun
those numbers are the slots available for using blessings . the left number is the number of weapon slots , the middle number is the number of body slots , and the right number is the number of magic slots .
each upgrade reduces the time to start regenerating by 3% , so : no health regen pack : 15.00 s level 1: 14.55 s level 2: 14.10 s level 3: 13.65 s
making money from tourism is a real pain in the game . you are better of making industry , however if you really want to do it ( for an achievement or the campaign or perhaps just a bit of fun ? ) there are a few tips i could give you . important , before starting up any tourism , make sure you citizens are happy and you are earning a bit of money from industry or such . without happy citizens , they can not be happy while serving tourists . focus on one or two types of tourists , do not try to please all of them , it will only ruin everything ( from my own experience ) . make sure you place everything near each other , once you get an airport you do not want it to be on the other side of the island ( i assume this would make sense ? ) it helps to have your workers not to far off , or if they are a bit off always have garages so they can get to their work in the hotels fast . try to mess around with the costs of your hotels/entertainment structures . are there no tourists there ? either they can not get there easy enough ( garages , or lack of airport ( s ) /dock ( s ) ) , or it might simply be to expensive . make sure you have fully staffed buildings , no staff means that they tourists can not stay there ! do not cut on costs for maintenance . only build new hotels/attractions if those you have right now are pretty much filled up , you do not want to waste money on something that is not required ! in the end , it is still a bad idea to do tourism if you really want to earn a lot of money in the game . industry simply beats everything else . something to note you might not know about : the entertainment buildings that help both the tropico 's and you have a rather strange system . the tourists will actually pay 3x more then the price it would cost your tropican 's .
you cannot tell when the other end of a teleporter has been destroyed or picked up by sound alone . the only thing you can do ( besides the kill feed ) is to look at one end of the teleporter and see what level it is . if it was picked up it should stay whatever level it was when picked up ( level 3 , level 2 with 150/200 , etc ) . if the teleporter was destroyed at the other end it will drop to level 1 . there is a small drawback to this : the teleporter could be picked up at level 1 and is currently being moved but you may think it was destroyed .
the difficulty jumps quite often rely on the map you are playing on and vary quite a bit between maps . here is a general guideline of the difficulty levels you should expect . the information is taken from the doom wiki . for difficult level on individual maps , it is best to consult their corresponding wikia pages . source : doom wiki .
barbarians and monks cannot equip ranged weapons , so the answer is no .
yes , world of warcraft can run detached from the registry and is considered portable . you can copy the files in the world of warcraft program directory to another computer and it will run right out of the gate . configuration files are also stored in the program directory ( unlike modern games which store them in the user 's home directory ) . it would be a good idea to use the launcher to " reset " world of warcraft 's video settings before launching on a new computer .
unfortunately , i do not know exactly how much you must culturally dominate a city for it to switch . that number may well depends on your difficulty level . however , i think i can help answer your implied question : this city is more culturally mine . why has not it switched to my empire ? first be sure city switching due to culture is turned on . i assume it is , but this is an option you can set before the game , so its worth mentioning . the threshold might not be 51% this is what you supposed , and i agree this might be true . until someone else chimes in with a number ( or several for difficulty ) lets assume something else is wrong . . . culture switches are not immediate . the city will usually have at least one cultural revolt first , i.e. both you and the current owner of the city will see an event like " a [ spanish ] revolt is taking place in [ city ] . " this is a great sign for you , and means that you passed the threshold ; the city would switch to your empire fairly soon if it had no troops in it . this has the unfortunate consequence that . . . the current owner can put troops in the city to slow you down the longer the city is in revolt in the name of your culture , the more likely it is to switch . so naturally , if the revolt is suppressed by , say , more troops , its less likely to be successful . i think with enough troops the revolts can be prevented altogether . i am not sure of this , or whether a city can switch without revolting first . troops are the only way i can remember the current owner being able to fight you , but there may be others options i can not remember , like particular government choices or wonders ? consider destroying the troops with espionage if the troops can slow down the process , then get rid of them . you sound like you want to take the city without war , so spies are the option you have left . but , if you do not care whether you go to war or not . . . consider taking the city with military if i recall correctly , a city that prefers you culturally will be " liberated " rather than " conquered " . unfortunately , this has the same problem you asked about taking the city cultural : how much is enough ? i am not sure , but i believe if they have revolted for you then its enough . liberating a city is effectively " this city is supposed to be mine , the people welcome me " , i am certain its what happens when you retake a city you founded but lost , and has great effects : the city does not lose a population due to being " conquered " . the people do not revolt , but begin working immediately . buildings are more likely to survive the transition . ( perhaps all of them do ? ) ( does not apply to your situation but . . . ) the cultural border the city had when you last controlled it are restored . as a final note , if you could liberate a city , and a third civilization takes the city , they immediately have the option of " returning " it to you . i feel like i have missed something , i will add it later if i think of it .
this actually sounds pretty subjective . there is only one non-subjective answer i can think of : micromanage early , automate late early in the game , you have few cities , few population . a couple of well used units can topple another civilization . a worker improving the right square and double your food income . but late in the game , you have lots of cities and units , all the important hexes are improved , you have explored everything already . in short , early in the game every decision affects a greater part of your civilization than the same kind of decision late in the game . so , micromanage your units early in the game , when they matter a lot . then , whenever you think they have become unimportant , automate . most of the other reasons to automate or not end up being subjective , or simply : it depends . do you want to win absolutely , and play on the highest difficulty possible ? chances are you should be micromanaging everything , checking on every city/unit every turn . do you like some parts of the game and not others ? perhaps you like war but not building ? automate whatever you do not like , and play what you do . do you enjoy quick games or watching a world evolve with only light input from you ? automate a lot , and click next turn to get to the fun stuff . also maybe play on quick . in short , it depends on how you want to play . as long as you are having fun , you are doing it right . can you rephrase your question at all to be less subjective , less abut how you specifically might want to play ? maybe , " which of the automation options tend to make good/bad decisions ? " we can not tell you how much to care about automation , but we can tell you where you might want to care , if you decide to .
so the diamond sword was a good start . enchanting is the right way to go , you will want a high level enchantment though , save up your 30 levels and spend them all at once ( it does not take too long to get to 30 ) . make sure you have got one of Smite , Bane of Arthropods or Sharpness . the first two are better , as they deal more damage , but you can still do it with Sharpness . once you have enchanted , find out what your sword can damage most . i.e. if it is got Bane of Arthropods , find a spider . next , maximise your damage by jumping to deal a critical hit . with all these factors you should easily deal 8 hearts of damage . remember that the amount of damage per hit varies , so you may need to whack a few mobs before you get the achievement .
it shows the configuration of your keyboard , allowing to change between alphabets , for example from latin to cyrillic or korean . it is used for players discussing in different languages and needing different keyboard configurations . edit : so i tested a bit around . i installed the russian and english keyboard layouts on my windows system and checked that i could switch from my french layout " fr " to russian " ru " or english " en " by pressing alt+shift . i then launched starcraft 2 . i can confirm that the " a " means latin characters and ru means cyrillic characters . english and french layouts both show an ' a ' because both use the latin alphabet .
desura does not think you have installed it , it is offering you options how to proceed if it is installed or not - if you have the client installed you click the first button , if you do not you click the other button . there is no desura client for os x , but they do offer standalone os x distributions through the site .
according to this forum post on the official forums it sounds like you have to plant the spores on either a dead enemy or a patch of dirt and wait a few turns . . . . simply you get a rank1 ability to make 2 ' spore ' items at lv1 , you take these spores , click on enemy corpses ( or soil ) wait 3-4 turns and they grow into mushrooms , . . . it does not explicitly say how to do this , but implies you left-click place them on the relevant square ( as with traps ) , and there is enough people there commenting on how useful the mushroom farmer tree is without correcting this statement , so i would imagine it should be correct . i have now tried this in-game , and it is simply a case of left-clicking on a corpse next to you with the spores held by the pointer . wait a few turns and a mushroom will sprout .
there is a piece of software called dualmonitortools ( free as in speech ) that i have used in the past to do this . you can bind a hotkey to lock the cursor to the current monitor , and then there will not be any chance of it moving to the other . once upon a time when i used nvidia cards , there were options in the advanced settings of the nvidia control panels that allowed you to do something similar . you might have a look at your graphics card 's settings to see if there is some way to bind a hotkey to lock the cursor to a particular monitor . however , i think these types of things have fallen out of popularity among the card vendors . i have also seen some autohotkey scripts ( a useful tool for any pc gaming enthusiast ! ) that purport to do something similar . i have not checked them out , but they might be worth a look . autohotkey scripts can activate/deactivate based on the active window , so that might remove the need to use a macro to start/stop the monitor lock .
it depends on your play style . i have seen some people max out guardians for upgrades and then take the weaver skills to buff them every level to a nice effect . i have seen others concentrate on other traps instead . personally , i like to bottleneck orcs with a combination of barricades and tar traps , then take them out with wall blades and clockwork maces . so , i have purchased those upgrades . i would stress that , in my experience , there are some traps that seem a bit underpowered and that could be ruled out when focusing on what play style works best for you and what upgrades to choose . the steam trap is something i have never used . it seems to lack sufficient utility . decoys and boom barrels are things i usually only use when i have an extra slot available as a " get out of jail free " card . because of how the spore mushroom works , it seems a bit too random to be reliable . the spring trap and push trap are very situational .
http://darksouls2.wiki.fextralife.com/bracing+knuckle+ring decreases the rate durability goes down . to my knowledge . . . i do not think there is any other way to prolong equipment life .
there is a bug where you have like a . 00001% chance of getting a critical hit even without any critical strike items . minions do it occasionally . as for thornmail , it deals magic damage as a percentage of the net total damage you receive . so i believe the fact that the dmg is magic answers your question . we can not talk about critical magic dmg ( that would be . . . interesting lol )
it has no effect on any aspect other than how other players may treat you . i do not know if they use truskill in me3 ( i do not think they do , but i was unable to find any indication one way or the other ) , but that would be how they would match you if they did . otherwise it is likely just random . i have been in matches with all low levels ( like me ) and in matches with all really high levels ( 150+ ) .
the crafting area for the carpenter is just for " dummy " items that show the recipe you wish to make . to actually make it , put the ingredients in the inventory below the crafting area and supply it with power .
i have a mod which places pedestrians on the road and workers inside the loading areas . they can be driven through as if they were not there , and i receive no penalty . in theory this is a map-only mod , so the same is probably true for the vanilla ets2 too .
you can use darkness to hide , actually , but it works only when enemies are far from you . do not do anything too loud , and you can snipe them out easily . shoot with a gun and they will be alerted and run toward the noise . if they come where you are hidden , you will be visible . it is explained on the tips shown during the loading screens between levels . line of sight is still your better option to be invisible , but shadows are useful to perform unseen movements in big areas with not much coverings . i wanted to provide an in-game screenshot , but could not find one . i instead found a link and you can check the 3rd point in the list for confirmation : shadows won’t save you . most stealth games task you with using darkness to cover your movements . but dishonored puts the emphasis on line of sight — that means you’ll want to keep objects and structures in between yourself and enemies as much as possible , peeking out using the triangle button . shadows still help conceal you , but only to distant enemies . hint : where there is a shadow , there is usually an object creating that shadow . this object , 90% of the time , is big enough to give you line of sight coverage .
final fantasy xiii is ( by concept ) to a large degree a strictly linear game . most of the time ( with the exceptions given below ) , the levels are a simple " tunnel " with no forks . you will only be able to stray off the path for some meters to find hidden treasure spheres or optional enemies . there are no side-quests in the traditional sense and you will only follow your main objective . once you leave a level , you will not be able to return to the previous visited stages . this is a large departure from the gameplay of earlier parts of the series ( say , ffvii ) . on the plus side , the graphical representation and the atmosphere/mood of these tunnel levels is awesome . in fact , if you switch off the minimap you may even forget the limited topolgy and enjoy the surroundings . also , the game uses the restricted degree of freedom for its intense and fast paced storytelling . the exception from this rule come only very late in the game . ffxiii consists of 13 chapters . once you reach chapter 11 , you will have access to a number of non-tunnel levels where you may roam freely , that is , as far as you can beat the enemies that stand in your way . also , a number of simple hunting missions becomes available , where the simplicity refers to the structure of the quests and by no means to the challenge of the enemies . in fact , at this stage you are not expected by the game to be able to complete all challenges of chapter 11 . rather , you should complete some easy hunting missions and move on with the storyline to level up . that is , you leave chapter 11 to beat another sequence of tunnel levels in chapter 12 and the final boss fight in chapter 13 . however , from chapter 13 ( and even after finishing the final boss ) , you will be able to travel back to chapter 11 as often as desired to beat as many optional quests as you like . this is intended as some kind of open-ended-like gameplay where you can find the characters ultimate weapons and fight some really impressive special enemies . personally , i really enjoyed the game yet i would have like a more open world . the story was exciting and was presented like an intense and fast-paced action movie . yet , it does not reach the quality of earlier great storylines ( like vii , viii , or x ) . however , the real strength of the game lies in the combat system , which is strange at first , but works out great once you get used to it . i recommend to give this game a chance .
i will try to give you more insight . it is a bit murky what is going on to me as well , but here goes . the reaper virus allowed for the geth to evolve to a true organic-like intelligence . when legion absorbs the code from the dead reaper he is upgraded , signified by his referring to himself as " i " instead of " we " . . he is unable to transmit the reaper virus to the other geth likely because of legion 's programming which makes him unique compared to the rest of the geth ( the 1183 geth programs referred to in the comment below . since the other geth do not have all of this code they can not install the reaper virus until they are upgraded . . legion is able to " go to them " and upgrade their software by contributing his own programs to the geth network . so in one way legion dies . . . there is only a physical shell that no longer contains the essence of legion . once he uploads himself to the other geth he is no longer legion either , rather he becomes part of their programming . i think of it like wrapping a pill in bacon to give it to a dog . the " legion " part was allowed in and it brought the reaper code in with it . i hope this helps clear up some of what is going on in this scene . picture of the line in question
to answer #1 i constructed a test rig . as you described , the outer-engines overheat faster than the inner one regardless of vertical placement . this means that the overheating is not a result of the heat emission map ( which extends in a cone underneath the engine that drops off rapidly and is hotter than the engine itself ) . when i placed temperature gauges on the same rig it did not overheat at all which inadvertently gives us our answer . all parts have three config parameters relating to heat : maxTemp , heatConductivity and heatDissapation . by default conductivity and dissapation are set to 0.08 and they are never redefined in the config files . this means that all parts , even the tiny temperature gauge will receive heat from neighboring components at the same rate . in our scenario the inner engine has four components with which to transfer heat via conduction but the outer ones only have one so they overheat faster . to prevent the outer-engines from overheating you could install a heat sink in the form of a few structural girders . as for #2 the wiki states that : as of 0.18.2 , this tank does not transfer heat effectively . engines attached directly to it and running at full throttle ( especially mainsails ) will overheat . i suspect this is a deliberate tweak in the coding since my usual trick of adding a small girder between the tank and engine reduces overheating by an approximate factor of 8 instead of a factor of 2 which you would expect from abusing the heat conductivity parameter as described above . edit based on a comment by philipp i re-checked the results of #1 and it turns out that the inner engine heats up at a slower rate by transferring heat upwards into the command pod , not across to the other engines as i assumed .
spoilers ahead : several of these enhancements require using a machine within a brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . to gain access to this machine without killing anyone , complete ' get the virtibird plans for the brotherhood of steel ' quest . ( and nab the advanced power armor [ +3 strength ] and blue memory module [ +1 charisma ] while you are doing it ! ) make sure to give to the plans to the brotherhood of steel before the shi , because the shi will simply take the plans , where the brotherhood will give you a copy ! all of these notes are disregarding gains through character creation , and through perks . strength +1 via surgery , +3-4 via armor a strength above 7 is usually unnecessary during character creation . this is primarily because you will eventually find power armor which increases your strength by 3-4 depending on the armor . the suits of power armor are as follows : t-51b power armor advanced power armor , and advanced power armor mk ii . you can also make hardened power armor from t-51b power armor . as posted in the other answer , the red memory module can increase your strength by 1 when used within the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco with ace . you can find this chip in the vault within vault city . it is behind one of the doors which is jammed on the second floor , and if memory serves , you can get to it with a strength of 7 and a crowbar . ( use the crowbar on the door ) you can also use buffout to temporarily increase your strength by two . this can be useful in several situations , like getting to the memory chip in vault city , or defeating the super mutant in broken hills at an arm wrestling challenge . jet will temporarily increase strength by 1 . perception +1 via surgery the green memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase perception by 1 . this chip can be found in the military base east of san francisco and far west of ncr . it is on the third floor ( you will need to repair the broken generator on the first floor ) in a locker which is easily accessible without encountering any super mutants . mentats will temporarily increase your perception by 2 . jet will temporarily increase perception by 1 . endurance you can only permanently increase this via perks . you can temporarily increase endurance by using buffout . charisma +1 via surgery , +1 via item the blue memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel 's san francisco bunker to increase your charisma by 1 . you can find this in navarro , in the underground section , in a locker in the north west corner of the map . if i remember correctly , you need to be told about navarro 's existence before you can go there . both matt and ron will give you a quest to go there . mirrored shades ( when carried in an active item slot [ the punch or kick slot ] ) will increase your charisma by 1 . you can find these by digging up a grave in golgotha , or by killing mason who is a guard on the second floor of the salvatores bar in new reno . mentats will temporarily increase your charisma by 1 . * you can find golgotha by either talking to jules for long enough ( you see him when you first enter new reno ) , from myron when you tell him to ' wait here . ' after he has joined your squad ( he will offer you a favor , let him tell you about it , you can promptly ditch him afterwords ) , or by completing the first mission given to you by the salvatores ( where mason is ) . intelligence +1 via surgery , +1 via game story element the yellow memory module can be used in the brotherhood of steel bunker in san francisco . the module can be found in the sierra army depot which can be found by accepting the second quest from orville wright ; ' find a way into the sierra army base ' . you never have to actually complete this quest , it is just useful to get it so that you know where the base is . you must get this quest before becoming a made man with any other faction in new reno , otherwise you will never get into the sierra army depot . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your intelligence by +1 and luck by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . mentats will temporarily increase your intelligence by 2 . agility this can only be permanently increased by perks . every point of agility gives you 1 action point , so putting this to 10 ( 9 if you plan on eventually getting the perk ) at the beginning of the game is a good way to go . buffout will temporarily increase agility by 2 . psycho will temporarily increase agility by 3 . luck +1-2 via game story elements , +1 via game encounter the hubologist zeta scan in ncr can increase your luck by +1 or +2 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . you may want to save before taking it . you can find this hubologist alone in a building in the center of ncr . the hubologist zeta scan in san francisco can increase your luck by +1 and intelligence by +1 . but , it can also simply decrease your luck by -1 . so you may want to save first . just let the ' celebrities who are not at all based on actual celebrities ' give their speech ( north end of the hubologist compound which is found in the north east corner of san francisco ) and then talk to them about joining . finally , the pariah dog can increase your luck by 1 if you kill it before it joins your party . this dog can only be found in a random encounter . if you fail a luck roll , he joins your party and you suffer a loss of -1 luck until you kill him . if you manage to kill him . there is another way to boost your special stats legitimately : ( though it is basically a free cheat mode ) upon completing the game ( or at least the main quest ) and arriving back in san francisco having destroyed the enclave oil rig , you can travel to new reno , and visit father tully . so long as he is conscious , ( he is often passed out , you can just rest a little and see if he wakes up ) you can talk to him and get a little reward : the fallout 2 hintbook . " well , this would have been good to have at the beginning of the goddamn game . " using this book will boost all of your stats and skills to their maximum values . and give you a boatload of experience . you can use the book over and over . perhaps the best walkthrough for fallout 2 i have found , which includes all of these details and countless more : http://user.tninet.se/~jyg699a/fallout2.html
gank squads have three primary advantages : high-burst damage , coordination , and numbers . they rely on the fact that they are better prepared than their victims , at least at the outset of the engagement . if you can catch them attempting this early , an aggressive warding policy and a decision to shut them down can go a long way . however , this level of coordination is hard to pull off in a non-premade game . individually in your lane , however , something similar can be accomplished : aggressively ward the entrances to your jungle , where they are likely to come from and play conservatively . since they are not farming , they must get kills in order to scale . if you are premade , and you notice multiple members often missing from lane , aggressively ward jungle entrances and try to catch that squad unprepared . obviously , the other problem is their burst . because burst damage is typically magic damage ( at least , until the game gets out of control ) , a hex drinker can go a long way . any magic resist , however , is a big plus . since they have to be aggressive , having sufficient magic resist can bait them into overextending into a tower dive . assuming you have an equal number of teammates , that plus the tower damage can turn the fight in your favor . even if you die , your team should try to use the fact that they saw 3 enemies in your lane and try to make the most of it , be it being aggressive in lane knowing the jungler can not gank right now , taking a dragon/their blue or pushing down a tower . so if your are absolutely positive you are going to die , try to spend as much of their time as possible , giving your team more time to do something else elsewhere . the ultimate point being that after a few failed attempts , the gank squad will not be strong enough to be as big of a threat .
fasting refers to food , not speed . to get the fasting title , simply complete the quest without eating food from a vendor ( healing herbs do not count ) .
they will have better club knowledge , so any reports they provide ( including comments in backroom meetings ) will be more reliable . their loyalty will probably also be higher , meaning better morale and possibly lower salary demands .
the default rate is 1/turn , for hostile city states it is 1.5/turn . it can be reduced by 25% with the patronage social policy and by 50% with the greek unique ability . another factor is the social policy " united front " from the order tree , it increases the rate of decay for other players by 33% ( thanks to raven dreamer ) . if you conquer too many city states they will band together to defend against you ( you will get a notification about that ) . at this point , influence with non-hostile city states will decay 100% faster . curiously , influence with hostile city states decays at the usual rate , so they are actually cheaper then . beware that you do not need to attack many city states to trigger this event , 2 city states on normal size/prince triggered it already . ( thanks to sean ) i have checked some other factors using firetuner , and neither map size , difficulty level nor current era seem to influence the decay rate .
i am currently building a site that will show you the next easiest achievement you can go for to take you to your next nearest/easiest milestone achievement . i will update this post as i get further along . update : i have decided to create an achievement advisor at : www.tf2next.info it is workable , still need to put more work into it , but i have used it myself sometimes to look up what achievement to go for next while playing during lunch break when we are so lucky .
yes - more deftness . one part of the formula for success of half inch is the deftness of the character using it . you can equip one of the many kinds of gloves which increase deftness . the honour among thieves accessory is the most effective at increasing the success of half inch . the ranger job has the highest starting deftness , and can also earn a few natural deftness bonuses .
you are certainly not alone . there are thousands of similar complaints littered across the web . bethesda say they will release a patch for the console versions " very soon " . it is already been published for steam ( pc ) users .
you can see them , even without the night vision . you can see the 3d model of the tanks mines , though they can be hard to spot when driving fast . se this wiki , that has pictures of them : http://battlefield.wikia.com/wiki/irnv_scope
the background images for a game in your library ( and also for the game 's store page ! * ) are taken from the publisher / store page † and your gallery of recent screenshots . ‡ * if no background image was specified by whoever made the store page , it simply chooses the right-most screenshot from the game 's gallery . methodology : looked at very old games on steam , then some new / popular games . results held up to prediction on every case attempted . † images are taken from the store page only in the case that no images have specified by the publisher , that is . ‡ methodology : i have some old pictures of the guild 2 in my gallery , about half a year old . after clicking back and forth for new images in my library about 30 times , they have yet to show up as a background for the game . to see if a newer picture would appear as a background , i loaded the game , and took a screenshot and uploaded to the cloud . it showed up the first attempt . similarly , taking another screenshot without uploading to the cloud also resulted in that image being posted as a background on first attempt .
various tips : shock does normal damage against flesh/armor , so 1.0x not 0.8x . shock works just fine against him and makes removing the shield a breeze . non-elemental works fine against him too i think . the bee really really helps , especially during the start . aside from the damage over time effects , it is extremely easy to dodge pete 's attack if you simply walk backwards and shoot at him . pete can be slagged like a normal enemy for a normal duration . if you have slag grenades or a skill that slags , use it . slag guns are far less useful in solo play through . his dot ( damage over time ) effects never wear off over time , so do not wait for them to go away . the water valves open and let you remove the long lasting dot effects from his novas . walk through the water to remove the dot effect . the dot effect is weak but it limits your shield 's abilities ( read : it removes the bee 's effect ) opening the valves spawns a group of rats or spiderants . they increase in level by 3 each time they are spawned , ending in 66 i think . consider letting two dot effects stack before opening the valves . this will limit the leveling up of the mobs from the valves open the south ( i think ) valve as it has spiderants . the spiderants are far far easier to deal with than the rats if one spiderant/rat is alive when you turn the valve , no more will spawn . if you can stand leaving a spiderant alive and kite him around like pete you should be able to water yourself down immediately after each nova no problem . there are respawning ammo crates around the arena for a reason . try and open them every once in a while for health/ammo since he takes a lot of bullets to kill . some people suggest fire/corrosion immunity shields to limit his dot effect , but later on in the fight he will be doing both fire and corrode dot every nova anyway , so unless you have got a fire/corrode immune bee i would not bother with it trying to immunize yourself . immunity does not mean you do not take the dot damage either , it just significantly reduces it . so you will still slowly lose health and never have full shields . in short , use shock or normal damage , slag him , use the bee , release spiderants not rats . try to always leave a spiderant around to kill for a second wind ( and so you can open the valve without washing in more enemies each time ) . the fight is mostly about managing the non-pete enemies to make sure you can wash off the dot , can get a second wind but so you do not get swarmed . pyro pete is not actually a big problem except for the loooong fight and the dot effects , just keep moving and he will never hit you with anything else . no shields spawn with immunity to both elements ( unless there is a unique/legendary i am unfamiliar with ) he can be soloed , but of course a group really does help . with a group it is much easier to manage the spiderants/rats , he is less focused on one target and it is much easier to open the valves since you can assign one person to always do that . here 's a video demo of a siren soloing him :
after you pass through the " gate " where you met the questgiver , go eeen ( about 70 degrees right from n ) , it is a long walk but eventually you will find a shrine-like structure which is basically a roof supported by 4 columns , it will be illuminated from within in purple , the skull will be at the foot of a pedestal at the shrine 's center . the shrine is due east of the entrance to valerica 's prison . here 's a video guide .
you can try either of these ones ( they are case sensitive ) : /run leaveparty ( ) /script leaveparty ( ) ; hope that helps .
you have got your definitions of " compressed " crossed . i am almost certain the games are compressed in some way so that the psn can send as little data as possible , but these would be lossless compression methods ( almost everything sent via the net is compressed in some way or another , non-media files are almost always compressed losslessly ) . and at the same time , in-game assets like graphics , video and music are compressed because the raw files from which they are made are far far too large to fit on even blu ray disks ( or if they could , load times would be beyond unbearable ) . as for the question of quality , no , digitally downloaded games do not differ in quality whatsoever . the graphics , audio and video that you will see on a downloaded title are identical to what you had see on a disc . there is no quality related reason to prefer digital or physical media releases for ps3 games . i own several dozen digital ps3 games now and there is no noteworthy differences ( besides the loading speeds , which are superior , and the storage requirements ) .
it turns out it has something to do with the new " structures " files in the data folder . i deleted the mineshafts file for now and the ram usage went back to normal .
monk 's seven-sided strike right in the middle :
i was at least able to resolve my issue with naming . my assumption was that i would type c and follow it up with a direction . however , with the windows mobile client , you type c , and then need to tap the screen in order to select the thing to identify , otherwise the dialogue will not pop up fo r naming .
no , you do not have to use the weapon to get the kill . the majority of the games characters do not directly use their weapons in their attacks . most of them are just ways to bolster stats and give a baseline for damage . the monk , for instance , is a highly melee focused class , but does not use his weapons ( unless they are fist weapons ) . that bonus you see on the weapon is added to your cumulative bonus total .
it sort of depends on your graphics pack , but the df wiki has the default images/colors for each stone , as well as their uses . http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/df2010:the_non-dwarf's_guide_to_rock *edit* since you changed your question to refer specifically to the phoebus graphics set , a quick clarification . in dwarf fortress , the graphics set does not include any information about the colors representing different items in that game , such as rock types . the phoebus graphics set is just an image that contains all the tiles used in the game . the colors are set in the init file , and are changed independently of the graphics set . for example , the matrix tile set asks the user the change the default colors , but it has to specify them for the user to change in the init file . there are some versions of dwarf fortress that come with a graphics set pre installed , and these will sometimes change the default colors to match the style of the set , as well as some other settings . unless you have personally changed the colors , or are using a special version of dwarf fortress , the colors will be the default , and can be found in the link i originally posted .
credit to darth bieber on trueachievement . com . ( gh ) = ghost , ( so ) = smooth operator . sarif manufacturing plant ( milwaukee junction ) : entering the plant ( gh ) reaching the server room with the typhoon ( gh ) after having dealt with zeke ( gh ) detroit 1: retrieve the dead terrorist 's neural hub ( will sometimes work by convincing wayne haas to let you in . if you do not and need to infiltrate i suggest going by the sewers it is much easier than the other two access points ) ( gh ) locate and shut down the antennae in derelict row ( gh ) fema camp : infiltrate the mercenary compound ( gh ) ( so ) locate the mercenary leader ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 1 investigate the penthouse apartment ( gh ) find and speak with tong si hung ( gh ) escape the alice gardens pods ambush ( gh ) tai yong medical enter tym 's tower by passing through the pangu ( gh ) ( so ) find and view van bruggen 's recording ( gh ) ( so ) confront zhao in the penthouse ( gh ) ( so ) escape and get to the hangar ( gh ) ( so ) open the hangar door ( gh ) ( so ) picus escape the ambush by reaching a lower floor ( gh ) ( so ) get to the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) summon the funicular ( gh ) ( so ) get inside room 802-11 ( gh ) ( so ) detroit 2 go to the convention center and obtain sandoval 's location from taggert ( can be done through conversation or sneaking into his backstage room ) ( gh ) ( so ) find and confront sandoval ( gh ) ( so ) hengsha 2 escape the construction site ( gh ) ( if you are trying to save faridah malik then by all means go right on ahead . it will not affect foxiest in anyway shape or form . however , if you do decide to take out the soldiers [ non-lethally or otherwise ] , then you cannot get ghost as someone will see the robot exploding ) find vasili sevchenko 's gpl device ( no ghost nor smooth operator ) rescue tong 's son ( this is a pre-order dlc from gamestop . if you have it you can get ghost and smooth operator . if you do not have it , it obviously does not affect you . ) meet tong in the harvester hideout ( no ghost or smooth operator ) seaport retrieve tong 's package from the shed ( gh ) ( so ) place the c4 on the administrator 's desk ( gh ) ( so ) ( you will not see these bonuses pop up because it cuts straight to a cutscene . if you are unsure , the way to confirm that the bonuses were awarded is to make a note of your xp before you place the explosive . after the cut-scene ends , you should be 1000xp better off . 500 ( gh ) + 250 ( so ) + 250 ( getting things done ) ) omega ranch disable the signal jammer ( the only way i found to get this smooth operator bonus was to do it in the first building you see once you leave the storage shed you wake up in . if you try and disable it from the tower you will most likely not get it . i did not receive it the two times i tried on the tower , but i got it the first time i disabled it in the building . this will enable this so and the search for signs of megan 's team ) . ( gh ) ( so ) search for signs of megan 's team ( gh ) ( so ) ( see above ) find and speak with nia colvin ( no ghost and no so ) find and speak with eric koss ( no gh and no so ) find and speak with declan faherty ( no gh and no so ) upload the virus to the security computer and enter the restricted area ( gh ) ( so ) use the leo shuttle to reach panchea ( whether you save malik or not there is no bonuses here so feel free do handle this section as you like ) panchea get inside the tower and disengage the lockdown ( gh ) ( so ) reach the broadcast center ( gh ) ( so )
after capturing a city , there are several turns of no production . if you created the city as a puppet , you do not have any say on what the city builds , but it produces less unhappiness than an annexed city . if you annexed the city , you should be able to choose to produce a courthouse ( given that it has been researched and is not already built in the city ) , but this will of course only happen after the period of no production following the cities ' capture .
aside from what you yourself suggest , that some players simply dislike the change , i can think of one relevant consideration : expansions . while " starting worker rally " sets the worker rally point for your first base , expansions will not automatically rally to nearby minerals . friends of mine who have been playing hots since the open beta have previously complained to me that they forget to rally their workers at their expansions precisely because their first base auto-rallies . if you find this to be the case , you may wish to turn it off , at least until you become better at consistently setting worker rally points .
there are various ways to benefit from aliens living in your empire . depending on the race of the alien population they might give your empire some kind of bonus . for example certain races reduce the cost of ship maintenance , however the alien population needs to be big enough for a bonus to apply . some alien races make better soldiers than others . for example the mortalen are better suited for combat than humans . so if you have a planet full of mortalen 's recruiting your troops from there will increase the combat power of your units . another way to exploit an alien race is by enslaving them . enslaving an alien race will give you a gdp boost on the planet where they are enslaved , on the flip side this will anger any empire whose population is composed of the race you are enslaving . a downside of having aliens live within your borders is that they become unhappy if you declare war on an empire of their won race . for example if you declare war on a securan empire any securans living in your empire will become unhappy .
had the same problem . right click on the shortcut , go to " properties " and then " compatability " . for some reason gog has it preset to run in compatability for win98/me . . . when i switched compatability mode off it worked fine !
there are a very large amount of great combinations . game dev tycoon shares most of its great combinations with game dev story . an incomplete list follows : airplane / casual airplane / simulation airplane / action aliens / action alternate history / rpg business / simulation city / simulation city / strategy comedy / casual cyberpunk / action cyberpunk / rpg dance / casual dance / simulation detective / adventure dungeon / rpg dungeon / strategy evolution / simulation fantasy / adventure fantasy / rpg fashion / casual game dev / simulation government / simulation government / strategy hacking / simulation hacking / strategy / mature history / strategy horror / action hospital / simulation hunting / action law / adventure law / simulation life / adventure life / simulation martial arts / action medieval / action medieval / rpg / young / everyone medieval / strategy / young / everyone military / action military / strategy movies / casual movies / simulation music / casual music / simulation mystery / adventure ninja / action pirate / adventure post apocalyptic / action / mature post apocalyptic / rpg / mature prison / action prison / adventure racing / casual / young / everyone racing / simulation / young / everyone rhythm / casual rhythm / simulation romance / adventure school / adventure school / simulation sci-fi / adventure sci-fi / rpg space / action space / simulation space / strategy sports / action sports / casual sports / simulation spy / action spy / adventure spy / rpg startups / simulation superheroes / action / young surgery / simulation time travel / adventure transport / strategy ufo / action ufo / strategy vampire / action vampire / rpg virtual pet / casual virtual pet / simulation vocabulary / casual werewolf / action werewolf / rpg wild west / rpg zombies / action initial source
no , the game never ends , you just keep on climbing up the apartment building .
jamd , unfortunately anything that requires online play will require live . squads has a local play option but in order to battle against other squads not controlled by bots you will need a live membership of gold status .
you will be able to activiate and play the dlc on pc . as long as the game supports steamplay there is no difference between mac / windows / linux keys . out of my head i would not know a game on more than one platform without steamplay , nonetheless you should always look it up before buying .
no , there is no option to hide helmets . if you really want that badly , i would wait for the modding community . they will surely come up with something .
yes , that counts as a weapon . specifically the weapon is a card named " blood fury . " if the " weapon circle " is filled up , it counts as a weapon . anything expressed in the format attack/durability is a weapon , the other effects that can give your hero an attack last a single turn and are just expressed as " x damage till end of turn "
according to eurogamer : it includes 40 new technological and gameplay enhancements , all nine dlc packs released for the game so far and three big new features . a new tutorial section has been bolted on in reaction to complaints that the game 's opening section is too difficult . it takes the form of a short quest set in a small village in a forest . a new arena mode . located in a forgotten stronghold in the kingdom of kaedwan , you will be able to scrap it out against various foes from the main game , and one new beast - the werewolf . a more detailed list of new feature/improvements is available here on pc gamer . this content is available for free to all pc customers and it will be the base for the xbox 360 adaptation , in development .
wall grates , like any other building , can be removed by q uery-ing the building and pressing x to " remove building " . now , you have indicated that this is not actually happening for you . a couple suggestions : are you sure the cursor is over the wall grate ? if there is another building is closer , it might be latching on that one instead . if you have successfully scheduled it for removal , is it possible for your dwarves to reach it ? buildings can not be constructed / deconstructed from a diagonal , even though dwarves can walk diagonally . have you accidentally forbidden the wall grate 's component grate ? ( check with t and see if it is forbidden ) if a building is made out of a forbidden object , dwarves will defer to the forbiddance rather than the job to remove it ( damn , lazy dwarves ! ) .
yes . even in darkness , you see all projectiles and deaths .
it is called interact , it is the fourth starting from top if you rebind them in game . if you stand close to a squad you press interact , or y with an xbox controller . you can issue individual orders . found here : http://brutallegend.wikia.com/wiki/individual_orders whilst near one or more desired squads , an individual order can be issued by holding down &#x25b2 ; or y . when a squad is highlighted , the order is issued by using the directional pad . while the individual orders button is pressed down , all nearby units will freeze until it is released . these orders can be delivered while the player is in the air as well - a blue spotlight will appear that can easily roll over several units to select them . multiple orders can be given to different groups to be carried out at the same time , provided the / buttons are held down .
i believe this forces your unit to look in that specific direction without necessarily aiming down the sight or decreasing his movement speed . it is a momentary glance so he will engage targets in that direction , then continue on hustling at full speed .
sephiroth attacks cloud , but does not kill him . cloud automatically counters , and sephiroth dies . what is actually happening is that sephiroth 's ai script has him target cloud with an attack that deals 31/32 current hp damage to cloud , and then directly commandeers cloud to use a simple attack ( ai scripts can actually directly control other battle actors - this is how ruby weapon 's tentacles work ) . this will always kill sephiroth ( as sephiroth has 1 hp ) , but even if not , the ai script will run an attack called ' done in ' on sephiroth that makes the camera zoom in on the target and makes our villain double over . interestingly , ' done in ' is set as an automatic counter on any type of attack , so using a gameshark to give cloud the ' sense ' command means you can kill sephiroth just by scanning his stats ( which read level 50 , hp 1/1 ) . another piece of trivia : the model of cloud strife used for this battle is actually more detailed than the typical battle model - it has more polygons .
yes it is ! however , early game you are unlikely to have appropriate satellite radar coverage to detect the terror ships , and with only avalanche missiles , you will either need a lot of interceptors , or a great deal of luck ( especially considering the attack range bug ) , since they can destroy interceptors in two shots , assuming you can even catch up to the ships in time . they are one of the two large-class ufos ( the other being the supply ship ) . once you have got your detection network a little better off , you may have better odds . but until you have got hyperwave decoder and some better guns , your chance of detecting , interecpting , and then downing , a terrorship are remote . you can also take " preventative " measures . terror missions are scouted ( with scout ufos to start with ) before the final run on a city is made . if you are consistent about shooting down these precursors , you can often delay or avoid the terror mission entirely . as before , though , hitting the right ufos is a question of luck , before you get the hyperwave decoder , and the aliens eventually use stronger ships to scout , so you still should upgrade your fighter weapons asap .
the matchups are a lot more balanced overall . tager is no longer completely helpless against characters like lambda or arakune , who were both " nerfed " a bit , not to mention tager got a few really good moves like gadget finger ( picks up an opponent off the ground after doing a 360 for example to allow tager to initiate a guessing game ) and a quick magnetizing move ( back-d ) . unfortunately , rachel got nerfed into bottom tier . hakumen , bang , and litchi are all near the top of the tier list when they previously were not . hakumen 's standing and jumping pokes have absolutely insane reach now . litchi has some of the longest combos in the game now other than carl . all the characters are more interesting to play , which is a " buff " in my opinion unless you are playing at the very top level . playing carl clover actually requires a lot of creativity and ingenuity now instead of simply practicing the setup for his infinite clap loop . it is definitely worth buying the sequel , it is such a massive improvement over the first game .
oh forget it , i found the answer . i will post it if someone needs it , is very easy , just come from behind like this video ( second 332 )
you can get a tank ( aka , rhino ) in many ways . . . a ) without wanted level - you can purchase it , and it will spawn in a hangar in the airfield b ) with wanted level - you can find one in the military base , but that can be hard to get into . i suggest getting a fast car with franklin , then using his special abilities to bust through the gate because your wanted level will not go up while you are in the special ability . that will save you some time to get closer before all hell breaks loose . you can find a tutorial here to get the tank i am sure there will also be a cheat soon figured out that would allow you to spawn them , but i do not think it has been confirmed yet . bonus : here is some gameplay footage of the tank
there really is no good monster that gives you great experience and good loot at your level . if you want money , then training slayer with the highest master is the way to go . if you want experience , then you can try killing deadly red spiders ( they give great experience ) . they are located in the chaos tunnels , varrock sewers , or inside the karamja volcano .
mobs that attack each other : golems ( iron and snow ) > all hostile mobs all hostile mobs > you , anything that attacks them ( skeleton shoots a zombie by accident zombie attacks skeleton ) cats > chicken wolves > sheep zombies > villagers iron golems > any player that attacks them , or nearby villagers tamed wolf > anything player attacks or is attacked by in answer to your question , your livestock should be safe from anything but wild wolves and cats ( except for splash damage from witches or creepers , or stray skeleton shots ) .
i am not sure about the slot machine odds , but by far the fastest way to get gifts is to replay certain levels . for example , on level 18 , i can click the bomb pretty much anywhere and guarantee 80 gifts . if you replay a level , you get to keep the gifts from each replay . update : i finished the game , and had 389 coins to spare . if i had cashed in the coins for gifts , i would have received 1945 gifts ( 389 coins * 5 gifts / coin ) . instead of cashing them in , i played slots . i started with 3 gifts , and at the very end of slots i ended up with 3713 gifts . that means i earned 191% more gifts by playing slots than by exchanging the coins for gifts . this is with luck maxed out . now , this is with a sample size of 1 , but i feel like the high ratio pretty much guarantees that playing slots will pay out higher for you . update 2: i played again until i reached 80 coins , and my slots-to-exchange ratio was a little lower at 164% . . . . and i just tried again , also with 80 coins , and the ratio was 180% . do with this information what you will , but i think it is conclusive that the slots give you more gifts for your coins .
you definitely can , that is how i unlocked samson . pay attention that the game is still buggy after the release of the dlc , so it may happen that you unlock him without receiving any notification after beating mom ( also happened to me ) .
yes ! right click it with a reusable safari net , the launcher is only needed for mobs with a right click interface , such as villagers .
each civilization can only found one religion . after you found your religion , you can use great prophets only to enhance your religion ( once ) , to build a religious tile improvement or to spread your religion ( like a missionary , but much stronger ) . in a standard game [ 1 ] , the number of religions that can be founded is smaller than the number of civilizations . so there is some competition , not only to get the best beliefs ( each belief can only be used by one religion ) , but to found any religion at all . [ 1 ] : as far as i know , the number of religions depends on the map size . if you play with custom settings and turn down the number of civilizations , then there would be enough religions for everyone .
this is a common stalker micro technique , especially useful for scaling cliffs in a group and other precision-demanding blinking . order your stalkers to move to a location , then use shift to queue a command to blink from there to your desired target . this way , the entire group will blink , but each unit will do so only when it is in the location you determined with the first move order , ensuring that all stalkers reach the intended destination . so in the video , the player right clicked the end of the near ramp , then shift+ [ blink hotkey ] +left clicked the far ramp .
i have had a similar thing happen . i found i had to complete some current missions ( story or otherwise ) in order fo the bounty board to update ( despite claptrap telling me otherwise ) . if you open your inventory and go to the quests tab , you can check your currently active quests . it may be that you need to progress the story , or perhaps finish a current bounty quest in order for the missions to show up .
i was thinking about that the other day . based on an earlier experience i think you can do it with the help of a companion . ask a companion to do something and point him to the book . i think it'll say " read the book " but do it anyway . he will just pick/steal it and then take it from his inventory .
even if you are standing right next to their hideout , i have found that you can not get them with your sword - you have to get them with a ranged weapon . ( apparently ezio does not have the dexterity to stab guards through an open window , or something . ) i have had success taking them out with my hidden pistol and with throwing knives . bombs , while throwable , never seem to work for me , except maybe for obscuring their vision while i line up my shot .
friendly - and i just finally found the option yesterday , it is in the building menu . spent so much time looking for it !
some items that seem useless at first do have a hidden use . for example , ruined books can be used to create summon atronach spell tomes
there is no way to directly change the camera view so that you can view your character . however , there are certain things you can do in game to make the camera view change . your camera view will change to third-person view with your character visible if you do one of the following things : get into any seat of a warthog get into a ghost get into either seat of a mongoose pick up a mounted turret
for me , the most useful follower in inferno difficulty is the enchantress with the build charm ( charms an enemy ) , powered armor ( 15% armor buff ) , erosion ( extra 15% damage on an area ) and mass control ( aoe hex for 5 secs ) . this helps with the additional disables ( specially in inferno ) , and she does not go in for the dive usually so she can help with some damage . one thing i have noticed is that when she sees an enemy mob coming , she always uses mass control , which is good , since you will not always be diving into mobs in inferno . you could also try swapping powered armor with reflect missiles .
short answer : ~70% long answer : i looked around quite a bit , and there does not seem to be any kind of definitive answer on this , so i thought i would take a look for myself . i did two trials following this methodology using my level 60 monk : turn off all numbers except for the critical damage numbers ( makes it easier to see when you crit ) keep critical hit around 10% so you do not crit too much . use an ultra-slow ultra-low damage weapon ( bought from act 1 normal vendor ) use a very slow attack . only count numbers that pop against indivdual creatures , multiple-hits means multi-tornados ; too hard to count . get whirlwand to 3 , start tracking crits . play in sp so you can pause the game after each crit for tallying ( rather than trying to keep it in your head . ) this methodology is not perfect because the whirlwinds are much easier to see than the numbers ( they stay around a lot longer . ) also you could do a much better job tallying if you were to record the gameplay , then tally the numbers after . trial one : bridge act 3 nm : 30 total samples recorded , 21 procs , 9 misses : result 70% proc trial two : field act 3 nm : 27 total samples recorded , 19 procs , 8 misses : result 70.4% proc obviously we had want further trials to be sure , but i feel good that i got the same results in both trials . if you feel like you are seeing less than that , try turning damage numbers off so you can only see crit numbers . crits off whirlwind or anything but your primary ( energy building ) attack do not proc . you can proc like crazy if you use dual weapons and are using a fast attack that hits multiple enemies .
i am currently playing a melee/grenadier demonhunter in inferno act 3 and it is working so far . my skillset choices : grenades runed with ( gas grenades ) can be used without a bow or crossbow as well as any melee weapon and have a higher damage output than autoattacks . chakram runed with ( shuriken cloud ) is used as area of effect damage in melee range . it is very hatred efficient and does decent damage as long as you are not beeing attacked . smokescreen with ( choking gas ) runed works offensive and defensive . it is your best escape tool while adding additional damage . preperation and ( focused mind ) rune give you the necessary resources to continue dishing out in long fights and keep spamming abilites . as companion i chose the ( boar companion ) rune because of the area of effect damage and it is sustain . decent damage and it looks awesome ; ) last but not least , spiketrap as your main source of damage . the ( long fuse ) rune is the best option in my opinion because 371% weapon damage is so much damage and works especially great when spammed and in big packs . even boss 's hp drop very quickly when using this skill my passives : vengeance gives you additional hatred to spam bombs as well as giving you more sustain when picking up health globes . i have not used it in the lower difficulties but you will need it in inferno . tactical advantage is my get out of jail free card . i ran into the problem of not beeing able to escape in time after using smoke screen . this passive solves it and helps you to spread the choking gas rune 's effect . numbing traps are a must-have for every melee build involving traps . you can try other passives but especially in inferno this is the best way to keep you alive ! playstyle the best thing about this build is it is easy execution . just run up to the mobs with active chakram and spam the ground under you with spike traps . you boar will do additional damage while you keep doing damage with grenades the moment your hatred runs out . you can use preperation inbetween attacks to spam additional traps and get out when you feel you can not survive or want to reposition by using smoke screen . nightmare and beyond in harder difficulties your main problem will be the damage output of the enemys . try to lure them into your traps and use smoke screen for escapes . if you can divide the enemies into smaller packs you will be able to kill them very quickly . item priorities your weapon can be everything with good stats/dmg . if you want to autoattack try a fast sword but grenades are just better in comparison . try to aim for a mix of dexterity and vitality . vitality should be your first priority while maxing dex for " enough " damage output . equip with damage on hit is always nice but do not use it when the stats are otherwise crappy . it is just a bonus and you do not need it as much as you need to stay alive . i have had a lot of fun playing this build and still enjoy it . keep me posted and ask if you have further questions about the specific skills or the build in general .
patch 1.02 ( released november 27 , 2011 ) adds a cutscene viewer . http://www.naughtydog.com/site/post/uncharted_3_patch_102_notes
first off , in the ui , make sure to click the ' advanced ' button and enable the more advanced features ( fxaa . . . ) . in . ini there are some settings , that even on ' ultra high ' quality are not enabled by default : change btreesreceiveshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) bdrawlandshadows=0 ( change to 1 ) iblurdeferredshadowmask=3 ( change to 1 ) iwaterreflectheight=512 ( change to 1024 ) iwaterreflectwidth=512 ( change to 1024 ) add busewaterreflectionblur=1 breflectexplosions=1 iwaterbluramount=4 bautowatersilhouettereflections=0 bforcehighdetailreflections=1 -if you know what you are doing use this to generate your . ini file . - here you can download few minor mods that can make it look somewhat better , after they release the mod-kit you can expect much better mods that drastically improve graphics ( more detailed textures , shadows , better lights , animations . . . some include even their optimized . ini files ) .
i initially guessed 50% health was considered " low health . " if you were to melee attack light enemies ( i.e. . , non-heavy enemies like most bullymongs ) at 50% , it would cause them to stagger . though after experimenting , this does not seem to be the case . based on my observations , i would say " low health " is ~33% health ( or 1/3 health ) . fortunately , it is pretty clear when the ability was applied in a kill . normally you deal a fixed amount of damage to everyone . when the ability is applied , you see a boost in the damage dealt and you get a nice " buzz " sound and a slashing animation for every hit . to test this , i respec'ed zero and went off to fight making sure i did not level up any more during the tests . as a baseline , i fought off enemies with only the deception skill and no other skills . every melee attack i dealt gave 55 damage . i saved and restarted to go on another run . this time i added killing blow level 1 to the mix . again , most hits dealt 55 damage . using a weak gun , i chipped enemies ' health to around 50% ( as close as i can get it ) and hit them with a melee attacks . still did 55 damage . i then tried for 25% . again , as best as i can , i chipped them down to as close as i can to 25% then hit them with a melee attack . i got boosted damage and other indicators of a successful hit . so it is definitely applied at least at 25% . however i noticed that at times when i was not quite at 25% but a little higher , i was still able to get the successful hit . so apparently it was higher . after a few more tests , i came to the conclusion that it is at 33% at max . to see if the level of the skill affects this , i tried again with killing blow level 2 and up . you get even more damage of course but it still seemed to apply at 33% and did not change .
the lawnmower is a weapon that if found incomplete requires duct tape , nuts and bolts and wrought iron to build . the lawnmower kills 2 zombies per use , with a 30% chance of breaking . it can be repaired using the repair kit or kwik-fix ; however , this action takes 1 ap . due to the 1 ap cost to repair while out in the field , it becomes less useful once your town has built plumbing , especially because on average , you should get around 6-8 kills per repair . so with 2-3 repair kits it may well kill more zombies than a cart full of pistols , but the ap cost and the number of zombies it will destroy is not guaranteed so it is unreliable .
it is random . both options actually trigger the exact same event ( ROCK_STARSHIP_MINE_DEFUSE2 ) , so it really does not matter which you choose . the best resolution for this event is to use a beam drone to remove the bomb , costing you a drone part but still giving a low-level scrap reward . another possibility is to use level 5 engines , which costs nothing but gives no reward .
after some quick testing , i have to say that this enchantment currently does not work . i made myself a test dagger with a super high enchanting level so there would be no doubt of the effect if it did trigger . it was done with a petty soul gem so i can see the draining of charges very easily : here are the results from tests , i used getav health to see how much damage i did with 1 attack : night no moon indoors - 8 damage - charges used outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day no moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used night with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used as you can see from the screen shot , even hitting heimskr when there were two moons out still only did 8 damage .
the issue here is not whether something will sell , ( eventually , many things will ) , but rather is it worthwhile to keep your stash/bags full of items with mediocre stats , some of which require 2 to 3 ah listings to move ? right now i believe it is more cost effective to vendor rares , but that may change in patch 1.0.3 , in which blizz has announced that they are " . . . looking to adjust the blacksmith costs for training ( gold and pages ) and crafting from levels 1-59 . . . " in this case i hope " adjusting " means " reducing . " my method for rare item triage has lots of room for improvement , but this is what i have been doing when i encounter a rare : is it an upgrade for me ? if yes , hooray ! if not , then , is it an upgrade for someone in my party ? if yes , give it away . if not , do i have an alt that can use it ( sooner than later ) ? if not , are the stats amazing ? does the item make you think " boy , i wish i had a [ insert class here ] " ? if so , then list it on the ah for a lot . if not , does the item have stats that are decent , and the item has +magic find and/or +gold find ? if so , list it on the ah . ( i admit i have spent 15000-25000 gold on something 10 levels too low for my " gold accumulation " set . ) finally , if #1-5 do not apply , then vendor it . all that said , i have trouble following my own advice sometimes . i am good about vendoring rares with truly horrific stats . it is the items right in the middle i have trouble parting with .
according to the wiki : bbq [ grill ] - never locked , may contain food . if you put any steak on it , you will get a grilled steak . from that , and my failed attempts to cook my various cheeses , i do not think you can cook anything other than steak .
i own a 250gb xbox 360 . it gives me the following advantages over a 4gb version . i am able to buy games from the " games on-demand " store these games are like any other game , but paid with my visa card and downloaded from the xbox live service . i do not need to insert a specific game disc to use them , they are available from the " games library " menu . there is barely place to store a single xbox 360 game on 4gb i am able to download music videos , movies ? and other rich content from xbox live . you would only have place for a very limited amount of rich content on 4gb , my phone has more memory i am able to store games from game discs on my hdd . some games are designed to run better , or natively do , when " installed " on the hdd . halo : reach is an example of such a game . the game disc needs to be inserted and working when playing " installed " games . space will not be sufficient , again . trivia : an xbox 360 game tends to be around 6gb .
according to this wiki : sleeping is the process of resting in a bed , sleeping bag/roll , pile of hay to fully restore your health , magicka , and stamina . in addition , sleeping in a good bed gives a temporary bonus to magicka and health . beds in player-owned houses provide better bonuses than other beds . if you sleep long enough in any bed , you will receive the " well rested " bonus which increases the speed of skill mastery by 10% for the next 8 hours . if you sleep near to your spouse ( same building/cell ) , upon waking you will receive a " lover 's comfort " bonus which increases speed of skill mastery by 15% for 8 hours . this effect can be duplicated by the lover stone which confers this bonus for as long as the stone is the player 's active symbol . also keep in mind that , as alluded to by ryanzec 's answer , there is at least one quest that requires you to sleep in a bed to initiate it , so even werewolves have a reason to sleep at least once ( after killing grelod the kind and receiving the courier message from the dark brotherhood ) .
the short answer is : no . 4 gate is a powerful strategy with a lot of flexibility . this is because , as a race , protoss is really dependent on their tier 1 units . since protoss tier 1 tend to be fairly tough units and a cheap caster , they can get away with this . by comparison terran strategies are usually based around one of three different openings : 3 rax mech 1:1:1 each of which has its advantages . in terms of flexibility the 1:1:1 build gives you access to a wide arsenal of terran units , but lacks the the synergy of upgrades , and thus relies on unit composition to make up . meanwhile , mech has very little flexbility and relies on the strength of siege tanks supported by thor/hellion to deal with air/melee . by comparison the 3 rax has nice flexibility . i think this is the closest thing you are going to find to a 4 gate equivalent . the standard 3 rax opening is : 2 techlabs + 1 reactor and producing 2 marauder/2 marine . some of the nice tweaks to this are : including ghosts ( great against muta/toss ) , mass reapers ( powerful vs early game zerg , with a transition into pure marauder ) , supporting with siege tanks ( deals with most ground strategies ) , and even drops via medivacs ( powerful harassment and nice synergy with stim ) . by comparison , zerg does not really have a nice normal build like these , though roach/hydra play is still fairly standard . some people will say this is because zerg adapt very quickly ( all their unit production is shared ) , where as other might suggest that zerg tech very slowly , and thus are forced to depend on their tier appropriate units while trying to tech up . i hope this helps .
i finally unlocked everything and completed the list . tower type power speed range spread cost research unlock arrow both 1 1 2 0 100 - starter cannon ground 2 1 1 2 120 - starter anti-air air 1 3 3 0 150 - starter tesla ground 4 1 1 0 250 10 gems starter laser air 2 1 3 0 300 11 gems starter mortar ground 4 0 3 4 400 15 gems starter fire ground 4 1 2 3 350 13 gems tiki s2 frost ground 1 1 2 3 200 - tiki s3 trap both 5 0 0 1 250 10 gems gati gati s1 hive both 1 2 5 0 450 14 gems gati gati s2 gem none 0 0 1 0 300 9 gems tiki s1 lightning both 1 0 5 3 500 13 gems tiki s2 notes : fire towers continually fire at the same spot for a set duration , dealing damage over time . enemies with green shields are weak to flame towers and burning enemies are resistant to them . frost towers do not deal any damage , but do slow enemies down . they can remove the burning effect from burning enemies . trap towers consist of both a tower and an antenna , which must be near each other with no obstructions between them . two traps are strung between the towers , one that hits ground enemies and one that hits air enemies . each trap causes an explosion when triggered and can only trigger once per wave . hive towers generate insects over time . each insect will roam the map , smash into the first enemy that gets in its way , and then disappear . you can only have one hive tower at a time . gem towers do not attack . they slowly upgrade any adjacent towers around them over time . each gem tower has limited energy , and cannot be removed even after that energy is depleted . lightning towers hit every enemy on the map , but only attack when enemies are near them . in addition to towers , you can also unlock speed potion makes tikiman run faster . this is a permanent upgrade . unlock by completing tiki s1 remote mine allows you to set a remote mine at tikiman 's location for 5 gems at any time , and detonate at will . you can only have one mine set at a time . these deal high damage over a decent range , hitting both ground and air enemies . unlock by completing gati gati s3 interest increases the amount of gold acquired at the end of each wave by 5% per tier . each tier costs more gems than the last . unlock by completing toki s3
no , there is no way to get the sword . it is a bug or a joke or an oversight , or who knows what , but there is no way to get the sword without editing game files in some way . teleportation spells do not work , though in every discussion of the sword that you will see , there are people who speculate about their use . these people are wrong . there is no way to get the sword . anyway , it is just an arcane great sword . which is nice , but nothing special . there are other ways to get one .
there are 6 different girlfriends , each giving cj a different perk upon 100% dating progress . you can see a detailed overview here , but summing up , they are : denise robinson millie perkins katie zahn : at the north east corner of the golf course in san fierro , katie is practicing martial arts near some bushes . you should be able to see her easily from the road . barbara schternvart : find the sheriffs building in el quebrados , the desert . she will be outside talking to someone . michelle cannes : enter the driving school and she can be found inside talking to someone . helena wankstein : go to the small town of blueberry and find ammunation . if she is there at that time , you will here her firing a gun at a target range beside ammunation up some steps . you meet denise and millie on required missions ( burning desire and key to her heart , respectively ) . the others you have to find .
really ? it does not really matter . however , if you think about it , having six workers returning with minerals half seconds faster is not as good in the long run as having a worker created half seconds earlier - as that delays all future workers by those precious half seconds . however , if you need that pylon down or that supply depot out a half second faster , make sure to follow this precise order : send your workers to work create your next worker split your workers as they are reaching their mining nodes . of course , screwing up any other action by a half second will undo all this precision .
there are two types of penalties that can take place when performing a ranged attack . ranged penalty occurs when you are trying to attack a stack of units more than 10 hexes away . obstacle penalty occurs when you are trying to shoot through an object such as a wall . these penalties are cumulative , so you may be doing only 1/4th of your actual damage . these penalties can be mitigated three ways : sharpshooters naturally do not incur a ranged nor obstacle penalty the golden bow on the hero will eliminates all range/obstacle penalties the bow of the sharpshooter does the same and allows ranged units to use their ranged attack on adjacent targets .
no . when designing trophy sets for ps3 games , one of the requirements is that all of the base trophies must be earnable without dlc . sony will not let developers publish games that do not meet this ( and many more ) requirements .
the way armor per hit works is weird . what i have noticed monitoringthe combat log and procs for this effect is like this : a hit from such a weapon starts a 5 second proc on the target . armor is subtracted from the target by the given amount if another hit lands within those 5 seconds the armor values fall further if you do not land a hit before the timer ends the armor is restored to their original values armor values can reach a minimum of 0 .
it means that the alien would normally be outside of the sight range and thus not a valid target , but the sniper can shoot at it because of the squadsight skill . it is the skill which allows a sniper to fire on targets which are outside of its view range when another soldier can see it . note that you still need an unobstructed line-of-fire for this to work .
the point values for catching animals increases after each level i think the most important thing to do is to pay attention to whatever the lucky animal is . if you can string together more matches with the lucky animal before you level up - your score will tend to be higher . speed is important for chaining together active progressions . from the " how to play " section it says you can move other animals while the captured ones are clearing out from screen . you get bonus points for this ! the break time score basically judges how well you did in terms of chaining together active progressions and also how well you did in terms of catching the lucky animal
the simplest way ? cover the moat with a layer of dirt in the short term . the " this is awesome " way " ? build a " draw bridge " . this requires access to the engineer . this is a guide on the official forums explaining how . the video is excellent ; he narrates exactly what he has done and even uses annotations in the video to make sure you understand what is going on . the drawbridge can be toggled via switch . when it is " on " , there is a path . when you turn it off , the blocks are not active and so it is open air . toggle it on when you are waiting for an npc to spawn and then back off again once they are all moved in .
as mentioned in other answers there does seem to be a priority system in place but i do not know of anyway to change that . however a possible way to help in your situation is to set your friend as your focus target and put your companions heal ability in a keybound quick slot . you set a focus target by selecting another character ( friend , enemy or npc ) and pressing alt-f ( the default binding ) . you will see you have a new player icon and health bar on your screen . now pressing end ( again , the default binding ) will cause your next ability to target your focus target . i have not tested but pressing end and then your companions heal would cast it on your target .
according to this guide , they can be eaten or given as a gift to angie
where did the equation E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) come from ? i see that you say it came from the wiki , but i am unable to find it on there . i do see : for any given level , the experience , e , required to achieve the next level n+1 from the current level , n is : E = 7 + roundDown(n * 3.5) thus , if you were level 0 you would require 7 experience to achieve level 1 , which is not the case with E = 3.5 * n * (n + 1) . to advance to level 2 , you would need 10 more experience , a total of 17 , not 14 more experience , with a total of 21 . i hope that equation is not correct ( because i just spent an hour on what i think is the correct one ) , and that would explain why you do not have to kill 1785 hostile mobs before level 50 . i have come up with E = 7n + round(3.5(.5(n^2)-.5n)) - n/4) e is the total experience needed to reach level n . "7n " accounts for the constant 7 experience required to reach every next level . this is the only experience you must collect to reach level 1 . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) the " . 5 ( n^2 ) - . 5n " provides the number of 3.5 increments between level 0 and level n , but ignores the rounding down . because the rounding down is not yet accounted for , i have "-n/4" ( without this , the equation says you require one more experience than reality every 4 levels ) . e = 7 + rounddown ( n * 3.5 ) ex . between levels 0 and 1 the number of required 3.5 experience increments is 0 . between 1 and 2 the number of 3.5 increments is 1 . between levels 2 and 3 the number of increments is 2 . between levels 0 and 3 the number of increments is 3 . 0 + 1 + 2 = 3 3*3.5 is 10.5 , and then 7*3 is 21 . 10.5 + 21 is 31.5 the " round ( ) " rounds up some e values ending in . 75 that result from the "-n/4" . 31.5 - 3/4 = 30.75 round ( 30.75 ) = 31 and so you need 31 experience to reach level 3 from level 0 . with this equation , you require 4625 experience to reach level 50 , which /5 is 925 .
you can choose to disable individual missions . this will remove the mission marker from your hud , but the mission can still be completed . bring up your menu , then go to the missions tab ( or just press u ) . each mission should have an " inactive " button that appears when you put your mouse over it &mdash ; clicking that will hide its mission marker . to undo , simply click the button again . the indicator is in the upper left , the toggle in the lower right corner .
as far as i know , what you mention about " belly of the beast " is incorrect . this mission does not require tosh . thus , you can feel free to pick tosh or nova without affecting any of your later mission choices . tosh does not participate in belly of the beast even if you do have him . the mission consists of raynor , tychus , swann , and stettman only . that said , there is a strategy that can be found here that relies on using ghosts specifically for the final mission , all-in . that strategy can be found here . thus , if you want to try that , you had need to choose nova . other than that , your choice will not affect any future choices in the campaign , except for of course which flavor of cloaked ground unit you prefer most , in the event you actually even make spectres/ghosts at all . the two abilities that differ are : snipe ( ignores armor ) for ghosts and ultrasonic pulse for spectres ( aoe stun attack ) .
as i recall you can also use explosive gel to trip the switches once they are active . gel up all the switches then go over and step on the activating switch . once they are active , detonate the gel and all the switches should go on . if there are more than 3 switches , you are usually in the position to gel the out of reach ones first , then quick-throw a batarang at the one closest to the pressure plate .
there are many calculators out there that can figure out how much dps increase a primary stat , a single point of crit chance , attack speed , and crit hit damage will do for your character . it is beneficial to take all of them into consideration . some skills only take into account of weapon damage , and not dps . for that reason , you may want to consider average weapon damage instead . using the monk 's seven sided strike for example , even though a 1.0 attack speed 1k average damage hammer has the same dps as a 1.5 attack speed 667 average damage dagger , your sss will do a lot more damage with the hammer than the dagger . on top of that , there are many hidden attack speed thresholds for many skills that you may not know . there are very specific ias break points for many skills that can make a huge difference . for example , a ww tornado barbarian or a wicked wind wizard have specific target attacks per second for their main killing skills . even though your dps character sheet might show that you are ' losing ' some dps , your damage output may be increased if you hit one of those breakpoints . some builds rely on having high crit chance , such as the popular critical mass wizard build so you may want to prioritize crit chance over crit hit damage . lastly , when considering a weapon , ' black weapon damage ' is very popular as it comes into play when you have items that add % damage as elemental ( such as the stone of jordan ) . that is why those tend to be more expensive . and this is also why cold damage sojs are more valuable since a lot of people like it to add a snaring effect to their attacks .
to my knowledge there is nothing for the wii that requires the gamecube subsystems . there are a few games that will take advantage of it ( for instance , sonic colors will let you play using gamecube controllers if they are present ) , but they all work fine without - often by allowing you to use the classic controller . remember that nintendo keeps a pretty tight reign on the games released for their platforms , and they do not allow developers to get too strange with the system , as that tends to annoy the users .
no , unfortunately you can neither repair nor modify your vehicle . there is basically no need to repair vehicles , because you can simply " respawn " any vehicle you could have destroyed with the " car on demand " app . i have completed about half of the game and have not come across anything to modify a vehicle , but feel free to correct me if something comes up later . as lyrical already mentioned in a comment , you unlock new cars for the app by simply entering them . if it is the first time sitting in the type of vehicle , the message " new vehicle unlocked " will appear in the top right corner and then you can buy access to it in the app . another way to get cars ( often rarer ones ) is to hack civilians ' phones . to make this easier , you can unlock a skill in the " hacking " branch of the skill tree that marks civilians with especially valuable hacking opportunities ( including cars , songs , crimes and rich bank accounts ) with a blue square , so you can already see them from afar . the chance of finding vehicles that way is still rare though . hacking people 's phones is one of the few things you can do while waiting for a multiplayer session to start , so that is a good time to go searching for people with cars . a good way to unlock sports cars , is to play fixer contracts that require to race through the city with a given car ( which was already a sports car in the first mission i played ) . you can unlock new fixer contracts by hacking ctos towers , which reveals new missions and points of interest in the area . if you want a specific car from these missions , here is a list by segmentnext . com with fixer contracts and the vehicles you will be driving there .
edit : with the addition of pistons into minecraft , youtuber basxt came up with a very clever way to make an " item elevator " , using pistons . however , since pistons can only push 12 blocks at a time , you had need to make many of these elevators that pass the items off to each other in order to transport items a large distance upwards . begin original answer : there is no way to transfer items upwards . however , specific to your point about transporting items from a monster trap , you can instead move the mobs upwards and kill them above . youtuber ethoslab has a 4 part tutorial on how to make a mob trap . his system contains a tunnel that transports the mobs upwards , and the information he gives ( audio ) about it is very useful . part 1:
traditionally final fantasy bosses are immune to most negative status effects with specific exceptions ( slow being a common-ish one ) . browsing through the final fantasy wiki i do not even see a reference to specific immunities for ff3 bosses ( most other games note immunity piecemeal when relevant ) , so i would say that is a good hint they are just all immune . generally trying to use status effects on bosses is a waste in ff anyway , unless you are aware of a strategy that calls for a status a boss is known to be weak to ( or , rarely , if an in-game character suggests their weakness ) .
the peasant in question is almost certainly a werecreature . i recommend paying attention to the moon cycle , and going after it around new moon . if you try it at full moon it will probably eat you ; werecreatures are really tough in their creature forms . it is possible that it is an ordinary outlaw , but outlaws usually have enough weapon skills to gain a job title other than peasant . werecreatures only gain appropriate weapon skills ( biting , kicking , punching ) in their creature identity , so their cover identity might not have any useful skills . i think a necromancer , even one who got run out of town but did not get around to building an evil tower ( so he lives in a lair ) , would have gained a title and/or race modifier , so he would not show up as an ordinary human peasant . so that is probably not it . it is , of course , also possible that it is just a bug . if so , it is the first time i have heard of this one though . i have not played the new version yet , but i recall reading something in the dev notes about vampires and werewolves being able to disguise themselves as normal folk . is it possible that there is more to your peasant than meets the eye ? - edsobo in response to edsobo 's comment , vampires do not usually live in lairs ; when they are discovered they just move to another town and become a citizen somewhere else . werecreatures usually hide out in the wilderness though .
in combat , it is possible to dodge up a z-level onto the top of an adjacent wall , without any kind of stairway or ramp . hysterical strength , i guess . it is a little-known phenomenon because the circumstances for it are pretty rare . that is probably what happened to your ram .
from the faq thread in the official forum : how do i repair damaged ships ? ship repair themselves a certain percentage each turn they are in a friendly system , hero abilities and battle actions can also be used to repair . installed ship repair modules do repairs both in combat and on the galaxy map . specific tech can increase ship repair rate . they do repair themselves extremely slowly outside of battle , as far as i have observed . i tend to use the repair nano bot card during battle a lot to help keep my fleets at full health .
there are a few villagers in the town that will tell you the lyrics to the song that they ask you the questions about . the people you need to talk to are in the milk bar ( the bard ) , the veteran thief 's house ( in the center of town ) , and in the merchant 's shop ( in the top left of the town ) . they will each give you one line to remember , and then you will have the answers for the questions you are asked . if you get it wrong , there is not much of a penalty , they will just tell you something about you not being ready or right , or something to that effect ( i forget the exact wording ) , and you will have to talk to them again to try answering them again .
as the terraria wiki states , the wall of flesh does 50 melee damage on contact . you will be dragged toward it if you manage to get behind it and will be killed if you manage to escape .
if you place a wall on the opponent and your opponent gets affected ( moves ) , yes you will get an assist . if there happens to be a wall and your opponent touches it , you will not get an assist .
some notes on boss fights in the earlier difficulties , this does not address hell and esp . inferno with the enrage timers . butcher position yourself with a clear path to the healing wells during the battle . if you are not boxed in on the other side of the room , you can quickly retreat and refill hp if needed . do not stand in the fire . he is really big and a melee boss , if the tile you are on starts burning either move around him or lead him to a safer place . ranged characters , team up with a melee class or use templar in single player . the follower will likely die often , but you can just run around for 30 sec till he rezzes . do not run away in a straight line ; as he can use ancient spear to catch you . he sometimes points a bit in the direction he will use ancient spear , which makes it easier to avoid . learn when to run away when the hammer is raised high and about to come down hard , there are other white mobs that have a similar tactic so you can practice on them instead of butcher . belial move away when you see a green warning similar to meteor , that is his poison ' meteor ' skill incoming his poison breath attack sometimes does not hit at the extreme ends of the platform , so try to run there if you notice it in time . azmodan take out the demon summoning platforms asap to prevent any adds from joining the fight . in a team , this should be done by ranged while melee keeps him occupied . when avoiding the black expanding circles , do not run too fast but retreat just outside of the circle . that way when he casts the next circle on you , it will overlap a lot with previous one and give you room to move around . if he is off-screen , do not stand in the same spot while attacking - this makes it easier for him to charge you . diablo expect him to teleport near you when he is off-screen , and be prepared to run away . in stage 1 and 3 in the main room , you have access to healing wells . in stage 2 , you have no wells : so stock up on your highest potion and make sure its the active stack . in the realm of terror , focus fire on a single target to take it out . the fog makes it harder to aim and see enemies quickly , so having an auto-aiming pet can help find them faster . general strategy for team play if an ally dies , try to lead boss away from the corpse so someone else can resurrect them . similarly , if you are about to die do not do so in the middle of the room where the boss can keep interrupting someone in rez attempts . the duration may be less , but the bosses can all be stunned etc . using fast attacks which stun/snare/slow enemies will make the fight much easier .
if i remember correctly this will just break your chain . it will not affect your mode meters or combos .
it is complicated , but you are right that you are not as well off as a true level 80 character . your attributes are scaled up to what they would be if you were level 80 ( 916 in each attribute ) . the footing is perfectly even for this aspect . your equipment is scaled up to have the same relationship to a level 80 character that it normally has to your level . so if you have a green-quality chest piece that is 2 levels lower than your current level , it is scaled to give the stats of a green-quality level 78 chest piece . this aspect can actually favor lower level players ( since it is easier to keep your gear level appropriate at lower levels than at higher levels , until you hit 80 ) if they have very good gear for their level , but most people who are serious about equipping their level 80 characters will have rare ( yellow ) or even exotic ( orange ) level 80 gear in most/all slots , which a lower level character just will not be able to match . you do not gain any trait points . true level 80 characters will have more trait points than you , which means they will be getting more attribute bonuses from traits than a lower level character will . tldr : yes , you and your equipment are scaled up to their level 80ish equivalents , but true level 80 characters will still have better attributes than you thanks to having better gear and more trait points .
apparently from this site there are some clues at how to get them . having been through 50 something battles on my play through , i have only had a single one and i believe " critical strike " can only occur when you are at a disadvantage , as these are the only times i have heard of other people getting them . basically the critical strike is a thing that can kick in when you are on the losing side to still allow you to win , even when you have fewer soldiers . when mine happened , i was at a disadvantage and had been brought down to only a few hundred less than my opponent . i do not know what the limits are for it , but i assume you have to be on the losing side for it to kick in . as for whether or not it can happen to you , my experience would say no . -myft i have had it happen twice . both times had all the following true : have one win and one loss . be on the third battle . be just a few hundred miis below the opponent after the evaluation . it then glowed and critical striked for me . - lordgeovanni later the person who asked this very same question gets the critical strike . he says : well , i managed to get it . i was facing an army more than 1.5 times my size , lost the 1st round , won the 2nd , and then i had just barely more soldiers for the third round but was at a paper covers rock disadvantage , and then the critical strike kicked in to save my bacon . so you have to be at a disadvantage in order for the critical strike to work .
i could not find a way to tell what strands are potential angelic from solely the level select menu , but i did find a list of potential angelic levels : sequence 1: 102 , 105 , 106 sequence 2: 204 , 205 sequence 3: 302 , 303 , 304 sequence 4: 403 , 405 , 407 sequence 5: 501 , 504 , 505 , 506 , 507 sequence 6: 601 , 603 , 604 , 607 sequence 7: 701 , 702 , 704 , 706 , 707 epilogue 1: e102 , e103 , e104 , e105 , e106 , e107 epilogue 2: e201 , e202 , e205 , e207 epilogue 3: e301 , e303 , e304 epilogue 4: e401 , e403 , e404 , e405
the decoy grenade will cause the enemy to hear gunfire sounds ( based on the thrower 's strongest weapon ) as well as having a little popup on their radar showing the presence of an enemy . its mostly to trick the enemy into thinking that you are somewhere else and that they are being shot at . its not too useful if you are already entirely silent and sneaking up on an enemy though .
yes , it is not the only way to play the game . you can configure a traditional , nay , sane keyboard controlling scheme . sanity lies under " help and options " &rarr ; " controls " from the main menu . the default keys are also rather peculiar but - thank god - configurable . the xbox controller is obviously also supported , but you must choose one of the three methods .
try crouching or jumping . if you can not uncrouch or jump , well , there is a spy sitting on your head . note that if you crouch and you were not crouching before , the spy will probably notice the change and run for it , so jumping might be best .
judging from my experiences with the demo , no . you face the same number of enemies whether you have one or three people with you -- and going in undermanned can be very spectacularly fatal .
at this point , none of the gba ambassador games are released . there are a few of the nes releases that have hit the eshop for general purchase - super mario bros , donkey kong jr . , the legend of zelda , metroid , nes open tournament golf , and legend of zelda ii ( to be released in november ) . as of yet , the gba games have not been released , and it does not appear that they will be any time soon - according to this press release , they are concentrating on game boy , game boy color , and nes titles for now . nintendo may decide at a later date to add gba titles for download ( as they did with a few game gear titles ) , but as of this time , it does not appear that they have any plans to do so any time in the near future , choosing instead to focus on first party titles for the 3ds such as paper mario , luigi 's mansion , etc , and vc titles from older systems that predate the gba .
you must collect every little purple block ( as berg mentioned in their answer ) in chapters 1 - 16 . i detailed where every piece is in this answer . when you collect them all , you must align them in the " puzzle " . when a piece is in the correct space , it will start glowing . the final result is : iwasbornintheusa this will end up unlocking different dialog ( a secret ending ) at the end of chapter 19 , if you examine the computer before taking the ladder down .
thanks to johnoboy , the solution to sony 's ridiculous money region lock is twofold : masking your ip to make it look like it is coming from us . i did it with vpn , which is the most secured way to do it since your are accessing your private psn account that also contains your credit card information . i do not recommend proxy servers because some free proxy servers keep log of people 's information and sell them to third party . it could help others to compromise your psn account and your credit card . add funds through sen website under " account -> wallet " . this new online feature is probably the most useful thing that sony did to their dinosaur psn website . an alternative is to buy psn cards codes from amazon* or maximus cards . they both email you the code instantly and thankfully sony do not region lock the psn card . * note : amazon only require you to provide a us billing address , even with a non-us card . this has been tested by johnoboy . the plus side with amazon is that they do not charge extra on top of the face value of the psn card . they actually give you 1 cent off . maximus cards on the other hand charges $2.49 ~ $8.59 extra for a single card , depending on the face value of the card you are buying .
every class shares a level ; it is not split between individual soldiers . this means , every time you unlock a new class , race , or gender , you are only starting from level 1 if you have never played as them before .
ammo boxes are essentially a source of cheap bulk ammo . if you will notice , each one mentions that it is a particular kind of ammunition . if you buy an ammo box , drop it on the ground , and then interact with it ( not sure if there is a smoother way to do this , but it is how i figured it out ) , you will get a whole lot of ammunition . for reference , the box of bulk energy cells sold by chet in goodsprings contains 100 cells . unfortunately , being bulk ammo , each one does 85% of normal damage . good enough for cash-strapped couriers , but far from ideal . also , be sure to distinguish ammo boxes from ammo cases - the latter are weightless , and are used in crafting for the production of new and specialty ammo .
you appear to be mixing command line options with steam browser protocol urls . the correct syntax for a steam browser protocol link that auto-connects is : steam://connect/193.192.58.170:27015  you will note there is no game , as steam is ( usually ) smart enough to determine what game to launch based on what game the server is running . alternatively , you could use a shortcut to the game 's executable with the appropriate command line options , or set the command line options from the steam library properties for the game . in this case , you had want to use : +connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  as part of the arguments to the game .
i only ever used the hunting rifle when playing the original left 4 dead , because it was so efficient at killing a huge number of zombies at long range . if you get surrounded , crouch and melee zombies away , switching to your pistol to take them out as quickly as you can . the reason you crouch is so that when allies spray fire into the group , it only hits the zombies and does not hit you . ideally , however , you should not get surrounded . boomers are loud enough that you should be able to identify their location and snipe them before they bile you . there are clear audio clues to when there is about to be a big rush of zombies . remember that the zombies always spawn some distance away and must rush towards you , and often clump together while they are doing so . take advantage of the fact that your hunting rifle bullets pierce through the zombies and each one can kill multiple zombies . when there is an especially narrow choke , you can kill an entire horde of zombies with just three or four well-placed shots . your best defense is pre-emptively killing the zombies before they can surround you .
you can purchase additional medi-gel capacity from the siirta foundation kiosk in huerta memorial hospital . there are 5 ranks , of increasing price available . each gives +1 to total medigel .
first of all , you can just sell them if you do not need them . not only do you immediately get some gold , you also decrease the number of units you own , and units cost gold each turn . secondly , connecting a city to the capital by railroads greatly increases a city 's production , so if you can afford it it is recommended . finally , you can replace improvements you do not need / want with other improvements . for instance , for cities that are big enough it is probably better to replace farms with mines or trading posts . you can set your workers to " automate " , and they will automatically build roads , replace them with railroads if available , and will replace improvements with other improvements the ai thinks you need more .
i will provide a rundown of how i did this , as a vanguard on insanity difficulty . so , expect some bits to be highly specific , with some more general advice thrown in as well . your squad edi - she is required for this , so you will have her anyway . most important for this fight will probably be overload . probably best to spec this for maximum single target damage rather than affecting multiple enemies . liara - since i play a biotic , i bring liara to set up detonation combos , which is how i deal with trash . garrus would probably be better for direct boss damage , with his heavier weapons and another overload , but that might make trash clearing a bit more difficult . i have not tried with garrus , though - so that is just speculation . mental prep it helps to think of the fight in two stages : times when you are fighting kai leng . times when kai leng is regenerating , and you are fighting cerberus troops . the fight will alternate between these two stages until it is over . each time kai leng regenerates , he blows up a bit of the floor , giving you some pits to take cover in . the fight right off the bat , kai will charge . initially i would charge him , but found it better to let him close , then do the quick time event to fight him off , as this puts a little more distance between you . as tricause notes below , mash the melee button to fight him off . cast overload on pretty much every cooldown . charge him . this sounds counter intuitive , but after many failed attempts using a mattock/smg , charging him and just blasting away with a shotgun proved most effective . play to your strengths . every time you charge , you can line up some decent shots , and get a shield boost . when kai blows up the floor , he will run to the same spots every time . learn these , and back off when he does . he will recharge his shields as he does this , so shooting him is more or less a waste at this point . back off , get into cover if you can . as he does this , some cerberus baddies will drop in . here is where i would use shockwave/pull and singularity/warp in various combinations to clear out these guys . maybe throw in an incinerate from edi since it will not really affect kai during this time . ( side note - i had edi specced for the chain overload , where it affects multiple targets , so i was able to zap kai a little bit if i needed to deal with a centurion , but i am not sure how much it helped ) . this is basically the entire fight . slowly but surely you will whittle down kai 's shields . for me , it seemed that the fight was over before i got him to zero hp , but i can not be 100% sure . if you just think of the fight in terms of stages , rather than looking at his health bar , it becomes much easier and goes much quicker .
no . rainy weather reduces day-time light-levels to 12 at mid-day , which is not low enough to spawn monsters . this 3-point decrease does mean that , as twilight falls , it will be darker sooner and monsters will spawn just that bit earlier—but of course , it is not " day " anymore at that point . however ! thunderstorms have a light level of 7 at mid-day , meaning that monsters will spawn then . that is just one more reason to not go walking around when lightning is crashing down .
emberscratch mines - are your best bet at meeting goblins its main enemy type in there act i - frosted hils - dugeon if you travel back there from act ii all enemies will respawn
it is in the " modern temple " area ( the 16-cube door ) , behind the large 32-cube door . it'll show as a large black opening if you have already been inside .
unfortunately , sneaky one shots are people using daggers ( i use war axes from time to time as well ) for the most part , not bows . however , assuming the confirmed knowledge that you will never be able to drop all your targets in one hit has not stopped you from wanting to pursue an archer here are some pointers to consider . sneak attacks are your openers . just like an assassin doing a backstab , picking your initial location to start an engagement is key . being able to slow your target is going to give you that much more time to deal with them . consider the poisons that eriuzo mentioned but more so , consider enchanting your bow with the highest charge lowest duration frost you can get . with fast draw and good aim ( which will get better the more you use it ) , you should be constantly pelting your target . also consider the paralyze enchantment in similar use to the frost above , you might want to fiddle with charges vs duration a bit more with this one however . still go max sneak perks , as you will want to often be at range the entire time and being able to drop into a sneak to break targeting will be very helpful . remember that mobility is going to be very key for you , do not neglect stamina ! if you find running around and shooting too tedious and just want to stare them down with your bow , remember you can block/bash with your bow . . consider getting some of those perks to make your shoves matter more . just as the mages ' impact perk is important for staggering , so too is the archery 50/50 stagger perk . seek out +bow gear as soon as you can , every little bit helps . ( there is some in the dark brotherhood and its fairly short to get to , unlike the horse which seemed to take forever to get the second time around : ) ) consider high perked pick pocketing . . the best arrows in the game are fairly annoying to come by . some of the ways to generate these arrows better are to go to places where people practice archery and steal all their arrows , especially their active one , and then give them a single daedric arrow . . they will then shoot out an infinite number of these that you can simply pick up off the target . note that i am still torn about this as this is -a lot- of perk points just to get arrows . . . id almost say go to the fletcher , buy the arrows , save the game , kill the fletcher , reload the game and start the loop over as a more ' acceptable ' way to overcome this . because possible enchantments on your weapon can play a pretty big part of how your character does what it does , consider doing the quest for azura 's star and turning it into the black star . right now it can accept any soul and if you are taking out a bandit camp you can recharge every weapon fairly quickly with a grand soul they give you . edit : technically , there is a way within the game rules to make a bow powerful enough to one shot anything . . . but it is rather game breaking if you abuse the loop too much . through alchemy and enchanting you can boost your smithing skill in an infinite loop . people have made weapons and armor with stats so high that it flips the internal value into the negatives ( so , higher than 2.1 billion ) . the technique to do this is commonly called the restoration loop
what are the [ party ] mechanics behind tera ? you can read a quick synopsis on the official site by reading the game guide entry for groups . however , to offer a complete answer , i will address each of your points below . does being in a party net more experience than being solo ? if you are asking if mobs are worth more experience , then the answer is ' yes ' . being in a party nets the group 20% more experience after the original xp is split . for a mob that is worth 100 xp : 1 person will get 100 xp . 2 people will get 70 xp apiece . 3 people will get 53.33 xp apiece . 4 people will get 45 xp apiece . 5 people will get 40 xp apiece . [ does the party receive ] more or less [ loot ] drops ? the drops are the same . however , you get better quest rewards from quests that typically require a group than you would from quests designed to be soloable . does the exp rate per individual change with the size of the party ? yes . it will vary depending on both the number of people in the party and the levels of people in the party . if you are all the same level , you will all get the same amount of experience . higher-level people will get a larger share of the experience . is there an optimum sized party for the optimal amount of experience ? what you really want to figure out is the experience you can gain per hour when you are solo vs . when you are in various groups with various people . even though it is true that a mob is worth more experience if you group up , your character will get less experience than you would have if you had killed it by yourself . however , it will also die faster since it is taking damage more quickly . the idea is to see whether your play style means you earn more experience per hour faster by yourself or with others helping you . all things being equal , you should end up leveling faster in a group . additional note : quests are still worth the same amount of experience regardless of whether or not you are in a party . more people in your party usually means you can complete more quests per hour . this will boost your xp per hour substantially .
the sage trophy/achievement was apparently broken in update 1.02 , see later comments here and this forum post . there are currently no workaround aside from deleting the game data and trying to trigger the trophy again , either by loading a save where you do not have all the books and collecting them all or by attempting this on a fresh save . hopefully a patch will be available soon which will fix this .
they do not have a rating , and they are always shown as neutral . i am pretty sure their rating scales only show up because it is a part of the character sheet that they do not have something else to display there , although they could be adding it to later versions of the game as well . there was some original talk of the kind of crew missions you sent them on affecting the rating but that obviously has not/will not be implemented . ( diplomacy missions only affect your own rating . ) note however that your companions are limited by your alignment . they can not use items that do not match your character 's alignment .
decorations definately improve visitors , but paths add tons of them at a low cost . vistitors really freaking like paths . before i filled that island with paths i had 90 visitors . decorations will cost you way more and get you maybe a visitor or two per object . buy decorations because you want , not because they add visitors . note that there are many other ways to get visitors , they are not just from decorations . also do not put much stock in the specific suggestion the vistiors button gives you , it appears to be random ; you can get the " more islands " tip when you have the maximum amount of islands for example . also , apparently the visitor boost you get from building all these paths is temporary . after installing all of these paths visitors eventually decline down to what they were before you built the paths . generally , do not even worry about visitors ; the number does not impact your cash flow . you earn cash because of your dragon 's earn rate even if you have 0 visitors ; it is magic . visitors are a fun way to see " how well " your park is doing but they are a rough metric with no in-game benefit whatsoever .
according to this source , " you get a standing loss equal to the standing you would have gained if you accepted and completed the mission " within the critical 4 hours scope . . . i have no idea how confident you can be with this information , as the source is not an official document ( even if part of the official eve wiki ) . a good part of the standing math is explained here , if you do not already know this page . good luck , and i hope i did not help a caldari state agent today . . . : )
i believe that what you want is the mechwarrior 2: resource forum . they even have a server for multiplayer . for those of you playing at home it does indeed use ipx . bonus : mechwarrior 3
it does require you to go into the console and enable the xbox controller . i have got it working fine on my game , i just need to figure out how to customize it because currently it is not allowing me to swap weapons via controller . go here for more info : using an xbox 360 controller with source games
as someone who has only played witch doctor and uses soul harvest as a main part of my strategy , i can confirm that the monsters need to be within the radius upon casting . note that the max for this effect is 5 , which is not hard to achieve . also worth noting : it is very effective to charge headfirst into a cluster of enemies , harvest their souls , then use spirit walk to find your best point to attack from .
as the sizzling summer faq says , how much xp is there for each month of the sizzling summer promotion ? stay a member throughout august and you’ll get 350,000 xp to use . stay a member throughout september as well , and you’ll get another 700,000 xp on top of that . that’s over 1 million xp in total . those two bonuses are combine to make the " over 1 million xp " reward that you refer to . the faq also says that this xp will be delivered by a promissory note : when and where will i get the xp promissory note item ? it will be placed directly into your inventory at the end of each calendar month , unless your inventory is full . then , you can collect it from diango at your leisure . so , the xp is a direct reward for membership , with almost no additional action required on the part of the user .
unfortunately , dota 2 heroes do not have " fun " names - picking a hero will give you a unit with their regular name . since the game is still in closed beta , i can not say with 100% certainty whether or not fun names will be added later , but i do recall a few of the names used in the past ( i believe kimahri might've been a nickname of phantom lancer ? ) are probably copyrighted by their respective source 's companies .
party members in the back row cannot attack enemies , unless : they are wielding a melee weapon that is labelled as a " reach weapon " , e . g one of the spears those skellingtons drop . they are a rogue with 12 points in the assassination skill , which lets them attack from the back row . they are not wielding melee weapons , but are using ranged weapons ( like rocks , bows and arrows , throwing knives , or spells ) so , in order to make sure all your party members can attack : put spear-shakers or rock-hurlers in the back row , and bare fists or melee weapons in the front . if you had a character in the back row with a reach weapon who still could not reach an enemy , then something weird is going on ; maybe the enemy was too far away in general ? there might be some more mechanics involving reach weapons ( like maybe a character in the front with a spear can attack at a greater distance than normal ) that could be giving you the wrong impression about effective weapon ranges .
ok , i am not sure if i can fully answer this question , but i will try since noone else seems to be able to say something about this . i tried this stuff in custom games , so i am pretty sure this is correct : there is no " hearing range " . obviously you do hear some actions , but everything you hear is limited to your camera vision , which obviously means you have to have vision over the area and you have to watch it if you want to hear anything . you should not be able to hear the abilities used around the corner or over a wall ( like in the scenario you described at blue buff ) , but sometimes , you are able to see some abilites to the fog of war ( just like shaco 's decieve ) , but most of these vision are bugs . examples for such abilities are malphites ground slam , maokais arcane smash or lee sins sonic wave . since these abilities are only visible due to bugs , you can not or at least you should not really count on beeing able to see them . you cannot hear skills used from bushes unless its warded or you have vision through other skills/spells , but if an ability goes out of a bush ( like leonas e or nidalees spear ) and you are watching that bush , you can hear the spell as soon as he leaves the bush , even if you dont have vision in the bush itself , or if the spell misses . so i would say seeing = hearing . if you are able to catch an area ( thats not in fog of war ) with your camera , you can hear everything you have vision off . something important to note : if you use a skill into a bush or an area you have no vision of ( fog of war ) , and this skill makes a certain sound if it hits something , you will hear that sound if you hit someone , even tho you have no vision over the target itself . premise for this is obv you " watching " the area .
no . you buy account for specific region and can play just there .
with update 7 , cars may now turn across avenue medians ( and full lanes of traffic ) while entering and exiting buildings . it is now reasonable to zone directly on avenues . be aware that certain buildings ( such as university and both police buildings ) create implicit intersections which allow u-turns . these u-turns may be disruptive ( or helpful ! ) to traffic flow .
entering toggleMenus ( or just tm ) into the console will toggle the hud 's visibility . beware that it also makes the console invisible !
adding minecraft ( java 64bit ) to steam open the command line prompt as an administrator . usually , you can find the command prompt in the accessoires start menu ; right-click on it and chose " run as administrator " , accepting any uac prompt which pops up . on the command line prompt , make a local symbolic link to the javaw . exe executable by typing in the following : mklink %AppData%\minecraftjava.exe %ProgramFiles%\Java\jre7\bin\javaw.exe replace jre7 with jre6 if you still have java 6 installed instead ; replace the whole java path if you installed it into a different location . try out the new executable with the following command : %AppData%\minecraftjava.exe -jar %AppData%\.minecraft\minecraft.exe open steam and in the bottom left , click " add a game " , then " add a non-steam game " click on " browse " at the bottom navigate to wherever " %AppData%" is on your computer ( it is usually in c:\users\username\appdata\roaming ) and choose " minecraftjava . exe " you can verify the location of the %AppData% folder by opening up a windows explorer ( windows + e or right-click on the start button and chose " explore" ) and typing it in the location bar at the top of the window . click " add selected programs " right click on the entry made in your steam library and click " properties " set the target as this ( on one line , including quotes ) "C:\Users\Username\AppData\Roaming\minecraftjava.exe" -jar "C:\Users\Username\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft\minecraft.exe" again replace " username " with your windows user name . click " close " to save that change . to set the icon : right click it again and click " properties " click " choose icon " find your minecraft . exe file ( "c:\users\username\appdata\roaming\ . minecraft\minecraft . exe" ) click " close " you may have to set the target to what it was set to above again . ( after clicking " close" ) because for some reason steam will forget parameters after changing another setting . minecraft should now be able to run via steam , with support for showing your " in non-steam game " status and with the steam overlay . if for whatever reason it does not work , go back into properties and change to target to what it was set to above . when using parameters steam sometimes forgets this under other circumstances .
there are many things that were added , and a few things were tweaked . added jump-slides optional checkpoints ( no more starting from the beginning after dying to the last garbage pile on 3-9 ! ) loops rails ( and their related moves ) an option to replay a completed level immediately , rather than having to exit to the world map . dancing extremely ( obnoxiously ? ) eloquent narration by charles martinet forking paths built-in achievement system ( aka . rewards ) additional characters and alternate costumes ( no longer simply seasonal ) tweaked bonus levels ( now a bullseye , instead of the guaranteed retro level ) retro bonus level ( now much more akin to super meat boy 's warp zones ) world map ( no longer strictly linear ) springboards . now trigger when you hold up , rather than having to press up while over them . ( thank goodness ! ) perfect ! ! mechanic . ( now a ! + ! + ! + mechanic ) stayed the same basic game mechanics ( dodge obstacles , collect shiny ! ) inc . gliding boss " fights " !
yes , you can . you will only lose money and building time . in particular , destroying and rebuilding alien containment is a way to kill all aliens in it , so you had have their corpses for the grey market or council requests . this is the only way to kill of duplicate aliens , as you can interrogate particular kind of alien only once . duplicate aliens just sit in the alien containment forever , providing no added value whatsoever .
moving is the simplest way to stop it . simply click to move anywhere , and you will break the channel .
planets in different/later sectors can have different allocations of ore , as well as different biomes not available in the alpha sector . note that the ore distribution differences can be a double edged sword - if you are doing something that needs iron ( say , you downloaded a new mod that requires iron for its crafting station ) but your home planet is in delta or x sector , you are quite unlikely to find it in any reasonable quantities . you will also be unable to build your planet on a tentacle or magma planet in alpha sector , because they are not present there . the flipside to this , however , is that on lower-level planets ( like in alpha sector ) , you are at considerably less risk of murder , mutilation , and mayhem caused by the local wildlife . even impervium armor only goes so far on threat level 10 planets in sector x , but it will basically invalidate the threat of enemies in alpha sector .
dragonrend apparently does an unspecified amount of health damage over time to dragons . are you sure the dragon was at full health when you shouted at it ? they are surprisingly frail creatures , when matched against groups of bandits or a giant .
the research lab contains a list of all completed research . this includes the research item that is unlocked from interrogating aliens . if you consult the completed research list , you should be able to determine who you still need to interrogate by process of elimination .
the most direct answer to your question would be to focus on the high stats . if the highest stat is magic , then buy ap itens to increase your damage output , if the highest stat is attack , then get some ad itens would be better , and so on . but this is not the better answer , since in league of legends everything is situational . there are several aspects to consider when choosing what item to get : your champion skills read the skills definition of the champion and pay attention for the attributes that most benefits them . some skills scales with your ad , other with your ap , and some others scales even with your maximum health or your movement speed . try to get some itens to improve your skills . your role in the team you should always know what is your role in a team . some champions do not need to focus in offensive itens , since they are made to absorve damage and protect the cary in a team fight . these champions will most of the time focus in deffensive itens . while carys will foccus in offensive itens , since they are made to cause the most damage to the enemy team . the enemy team you should always consider the enemy team composition when choosing your itens . if you are facing a team that have a lot of ad champions , geting a frozen heart may be a good choise . or if you are having problems with a powerful malzahar , having a qss may save your life . in general , a mix between these aspects can give you a right direction when choosing what itens to buy . with some experience this will be a easy task . there are always some sites that can help you with your build , like mobafire . but remember to always feel free to try new itens combinations , and have fun !
here is a link to a site i found using my google fu - http://homepage.ntlworld.com/walbanger/pages/aocunitstatsnonecable.htm it lists the los of all units in the game and is updated till the 1.0c patch . update - values from the link ( as of 1-17-2014 ) ( i have included the compiled values from your link in your answer to make it link independent -- scotts . ) unit type los barracks units militia 4 man-at-arms 4 long swordsman 4 two-handed swordsman 5 champion 5 spearman 4 pikeman 4 halberdier 4 eagle warrior 6 elite eagle warrior 8 archery range units archer 6 crossbowman 7 arbalest 7 cavalry archer 5 heavy cavalry archer 6 hand cannoneer 9 skirmisher 6 elite skirmisher 7 stable units scout cavalry 4 light cavalry 4 hussar 4 knight 4 cavalier 4 paladin 5 camel 4 heavy camel 5 siege workshop units mangonel 9 onager 10 siege onager 10 scorpion 9 heavy scorpion 9 battering ram 3 capped ram 3 siege ram 3 bombard cannon 14 castle units trebuchet ( packed/not ) 18 petard 4 berserk 3 elite berserk 5 cataphract 4 elite cataphract 5 chu ko nu 6 elite chu ko nu 6 conquistador 8 elite conquistador 8 huskarl 3 elite huskarl 5 jaguar warrior 3 elite jaguar warrior 5 janissary 10 elite janissary 10 longbowman 7 elite longbowman 8 mameluke 5 elite mameluke 5 mangudai 6 elite mangudai 6 plumed archer 6 elite plumed archer 7 samurai 4 elite samurai 5 tarkan 4 elite tarkan 5 teutonic knight 3 elite teutonic knight 5 throwing axeman 5 elite throwing axeman 6 war elephant 4 elite war elephant 5 war wagon 6 elite war wagon 7 woad raider 3 elite woad raider 5 dock units fishing ship 5 trade cog 6 transport ship 5 galley 7 war galley 8 galleon 9 fire ship 5 fast fire ship 6 demolition ship 6 heavy demolition ship 5 cannon galleon 15 elite cannon galleon 17 longboat 8 elite longboat 9 turtle ship 8 elite turtle ship 8 town center/monastery/market units villager 4 monk 11 missionary 9 trade cart 6 for completeness , here are structure values also . structure type los buildings barracks 5 dock 5 farm 0 house 1 lumber camp 5 mill 5 mining camp 5 archery range 5 blacksmith 5 fish trap 1 market 4 stable 5 castle 8 monastery 5 siege workshop 4 town center 7 university 4 wonder 6 towers/walls/gates outpost 5 watch tower 10 guard tower 10 keep 10 bombard tower 10 palisade wall 2 stone wall 2 fortified wall 2 gate 5 these are base values . civilization , age advancement , and technology bonuses are not considered here .
it sounds like you are . the game backup is connected to facebook , not google , so if you never connected to facebook , nothing was being backed up . as far as i know , google was just tracking achievement data . sorry . . . perhaps this is your chance to reclaim several hours per day of free time . escape while you have a chance !
while it is perfectly fine to mix armor types , there are some elements in the game intented to make you identify with one type over the other . armor perks - light armor perks only apply to light armor . heavy armor perks only apply to heavy armor . some perks farther up these trees require full four-piece sets ( head , chest , hands , feet ) . if you are wearing armor pieces for armor rating - you will probably get some of these perks . it is more point-efficient to focus on one tree instead of two . levels - when wearing mixed armor types , you will get skill points toward both . these skill points can help you level faster . however , it is questionable whether these extra points help you survive fights better . you run a small risk of out-leveling your ability to survive ( but there are many mechanisms in the game to counter this possibility ) . armorsmithing perks - these perks increase the amount of addition armor rating you get when improving your gear at the workbench . this additional armor can be very significant . it is more point-efficient to go up one side of the tree or the other . by choosing one side of the tree , you are choosing which armors you want to be better at improving . to make a good armor selection decision , there is much to consider : consider the primary attributes of armor : armor rating and weight . rating is why you want armor . it reduces physical damage taken . weight is a big obstacle ( less loot , less weapons , less potions ) . if you go without a helmet , you do not get armor rating from that slot . how much armor rating do you lose by that choice ? does the weight reduction ( and magic bonus ) make up for that ? can you compensate for the armor rating loss with an alteration spell ? consider the secondary effects of armor : reduced movement , increased staggering , increased noise . do you have ways to compensate for those problems ? are you prepared to trade away armor rating to solve those problems instead ? a good player can see the three paths ( caster , light , heavy ) , see how the perks lead into those paths , and discern the tradeoffs when straying from those paths . it is fun to leave the obvious paths , but it is not fun to feel ineffective .
i think the blue type of speed only applies when traveling through the cosmic strings ( ie , the predescribed network ) , whereas the green type applies to movement straight from one system to another without the use of a connecting ' string ' .
according to this forum post , the orange marks on your map are " uncomfirmed " zombies or players . confirming the zombie/player will turn the icon blue and give it the appropriate label ( civilian for zombies , and survivor/sniper/other variation dependent on player skin choices for humans ) . in order to confirm the blip on your map you must be able to actually see what it is the map is pinging . this setting is generally frowned upon , as it often shows vehicles and camps as well ( making remaining hidden very difficult ) . it is apparently an option the server administrator can enable or disable .
the greyed out servers are cause by a version mismatch of the dayz mod . from your screenshot you can see that the latest version of dayz is 1.7.2.4 , while the greyed out servers are still on 1.7.2.3 the version listed in the column is the arma 2 version .
one way to cope , which is not an amazing solution but definitely makes the game at least playable again , is to boost the crap out of the sensitivity using an out-of-game initialization file . in order to do that , navigate to : C:\Users\[username]\AppData\Local\Electronic Arts\Dead Space modify the settings . txt file and set the sensitivity higher . i set it to 4 ( the in-game maximum is 1 ) and that seems pretty decent . there are some drawbacks to this , however . aiming and turning in-game are much improved by this , but controlling the mouse out of combat becomes impossible because the mouse rockets to the other side of the screen with just the slightest of touches . get used to navigating menus with the keyboard if you want to use this method . even navigating the map becomes a challenge because apparently mouse sensitivity is linked to map turn speed with the arrow keys . the game 's pc controls are flawed at best , but this at least makes it playable .
enabling that option will cause the game to use direct3d 11 as it is rendering api . by default , the game should use direct3d 9 . direct3d is a library used to access the graphics card and perform the hardware-accelerated rendering that basically every modern game requires . d3d9 is an older version of the api , but up until recently was almost always the default because it would run on many more machines . d3d11 is a more modern version of the library with newer features , and can provide improved visual fidelity . it may also affect performance ( positively or negatively , depending on how the game uses it and what hardware you have ) . to use d3d11 features you need vista or better and a d3d11-capable graphics card . if you only have vista or better , a game may still allow you to use d3d11 the api , but it will not be able to actually use any of the features of d3d11 ( since you had be using d3d11 with one of the 9 . x feature levels ) .
yes . the path of an almanac page is predetermined , so you can learn where it will go , beat it there and then just wait . they tend to follow obvious free running paths anyway , so they are generally not too hard to catch unless they go over things like rooftops and the like where you do not have a path to follow .
if i recall correctly , they will not defend you during an upgrade . i could not find any documentation off of a simple google search , but this strategy guide has some good tips for a beginning player .
no , the tools are too limited . you have only 5 filter options available : the mana gem cost : 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 or 7+ the search box ( finds all cards with the word , so " murloc " finds hungry crab ) the set ( more on this later ) show only golden cards include soulbound cards ( shows more cards ) if you want to find cards you can craft which you are not yet able to play , you need to do the following : set filters to : all mana gems , empty search box , expert set , do not show only golden cards , do not include soulbound cards . examine each card . if you have 0 , the card will appear blue . if you have 1 , there will not be a x2 tag . there should be a x2 tag on all the non-golden cards unless ( a ) the card is legendary ( you only get one ) or ( b ) you have additional gold versions of the card bringing you to 2 total . change filter to promo set repeat step 2 there is no need to check the basic set , reward set or the naxxramas set as all non-golden cards in these sets are soulbound ( cannot be crafted ) . do check the include soulbound cards filter if you are examining these sets .
there is no skill that has an area of effect large enough to cover all 8 squares of the 2x4 configuration of enemies in the cave of ordeals 4 . it will take you a minimum of two characters to clear coo4 . here are some skills with very large area of effect : winged slayer ( sword ) : ( 3x3 ) dimension slash ( sword ) : ( 1x5 ) big bang ( fist ) : ( 3x3 ) magic ( any ) : up to 3x3 coo4 is still the best level to gain levels fast . the official disgaea 2 strategy guide by doublejump books has a very long procedure for power leveling . here are the high points : make some level 1283 or higher nekomatas by combining , capturing them , and repeating . unlock the ability to create carmillas . in the dark world 5-2 , kill the two carmillas closest to the base , and the geo clone symbol . wait turns for the level 1300 carmilla to get to l2197 . kill 2 level up geo symbols , and wait 1 more turn . attack the carmilla to weaken her ; hold her up during round ends to avoid her gaining any more levels . send your l1283 nekomata back into the base panel and then throw in the carmilla to capture her . repeat the above step as necessary to get to level 9999 carmillas . capture as many of the level 9999 carmillas as you want , and reincarnate them into space knights ( boost your int with all your bonus points ) . max out an armsmaster specialist at 1900 . same for manager ( 300 ) , mentor ( 300 ) , broker ( 300 ) and professional ( 100 ) . also make a firefighter , aeronaut or cryophile at 100 - whichever matches your skull . also make a maxxed out lovers for both magicians and magic knights . also make 10 level 19998 nerds . ( the guide notes that this is the tedious step . ) make a skull in your favorite element ( fire in this example ) . equip the skull with your best staff . everything else should increase his sp . put all of the specialists above on his equipment . teach you skull tera-fire , and then cast tera-fire on an enemy immune to fire until tera-fire is at level 52 . this is best done on an attack+x panel . reincarnate the skull into a genius space knight . switch out the lover on the newly-minted space knight 's equipment . pass all stronger enemy bills in the senate . spend a couple of hours soloing the new space knight in cave of ordeals 4 to reach level 9999 . ( seriously , that is the short version . ) at the final step , and every other step where non-monsters need to level up , coo4 is the place to go .
you have to build a lumber mill to get the laurel wreath
just inputs , also known as just frames and all those things you said above , work mostly the same way as normal moves . the difference is that they requires a very precise timing in order for the move to come out as advertised . most of these also make your character glow white upon successful execution so that you know you did it right . the game runs at 60 frames per second , and most just inputs have a 3-frame window or less for successful input . this means that you have one twentieth of a second or less to put this input in . the exact window is dependent on the specific move in question . mashing the button as fast as you can is not a viable strategy for just input . this is a finesse mechanic , and not a brute force mechanic , and while i am not 100% sure of how the engine handles mashing just inputs to keep them ineffective , i am 100% sure that it is not a reliable way to get these to work . as for strategies on how to learn these inputs , keep trying different timings until you get it right . once you do , you have to learn the rhythm of the move . most just inputs are followups to other moves you can use , and thus inherently give you a basis to time your attack off of . each just input has a different rhythm , but if you practice one enough you can get surprisingly reliable at it .
it is been a while since i have played that fight , but i hope my memory serves me well enough for some tips ; ) concentrate on the archers first . you can not block their shots and once they hit you you are open for attack , making them such a priority target , that you can easily justify getting hit a bit trying to get them . i forgot if you can climb up to them , if not use throwing knifes . one or two should be enough to kill one . if you have got one , you should be able to get something between you and the second one so he can not hit you . when facing the melee fighters , never forget that putting yourself in a corner or near a wall will reduce the amount of enemies you have to fight . also if you can break free , you can run in circles for a while , regnerating health synchronization . the following youtube user chose a different path ; he just ran away to a more favorable fighting spot :
i have made mistakes like this in the game too and usually if i leave for a while and return much later everyone returns to friendly mode . if you only pick pocketed then it could be a glitch .
battlefield 3 is expected to have similar requirements as bad company 2 . here is the official information . below i have included the minimum and recommmended system requirements . your 2x9600gt is not quite as powerful as a gtx 460 , but it is not that slow either . so if you reduce the settings a little , i think you should do fine . gtx460 scores 23332 points in 3dmark 2006 , while 2x9600gt scores 19857 points . note that 9600gt does not support directx 11 , so if bf3 makes good use of that , the effects will be a lot nicer . see the crysis 2 direct x 11 review for more information on the benefits of directx 11 . minimum systen recommended system
i have an automatic piston-harvested farm with 16 cane plants harvested every ~10 seconds . here are two different estimations of the rate . by " growth " i mean the event of one block being added to the top of a sugar cane plant . when i watch the farm running , it seems to drop about 1 cane every 2 cycles ( but this is a fuzzy memory ) ; this would be a rate of ( 1 cane ) / ( 20 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/320 growths per plant per second . when i come by to collect its drops , i usually get 6-8 canes ( but this excludes the number which miss the water stream and get stuck inside the farm ) ; if the farm has been active and the collection point untouched for a full 5 minutes = 300 seconds ( item despawn time ) , then we get ( 8 canes ) / ( 300 seconds ) / ( 16 plants ) = 1/600 growths per plant per second . the latter figure is probably closer to correct as it does not involve an estimation of probability .
before killing and reviving aerie , you should check the spot at the graveyard where you first meet bodhi . alternatively do not give her all those items in the first place .
starting a new character fixed it . . . do not know why . no patch ( it is tomorrow morning ) and i could get it with this new char . could still not get it on both my barb 60 and my dh 60 yesterday . . . kind of weird . but if someone have the same problem , try making a new char ( made wd , but dont think it has anything to do with this ) .
nope , only the running speed increases . however , once you max out your speed , it is more efficient to run than to glide . this might sound stupid but just try it and check it out .
yes there is one significant drawback : if you order your military to kill merchants from your own civilization , your soldiers will simultaneously become members and enemies of your civilization , resulting in a civil war within your fortress . when this happens , all current members of the fortress ( excluding incoming migrants ) will turn on each other yet they will still be seen as normal working dwarves in the status screens . this will only last for those who were alive during the attack , they will always be hostile to everyone including incoming migrants ( yet they still do their jobs/ follow military orders and work as dwarves although they will interrupt other 's work . they will not be shown as enemies in the units screen ) . outside of that , if you do not really need incoming immigrants then it is okay to take their goods .
if you jump into it with a weapon , you will be immediately identified as a hostile , and killed in moments by gunfire . however , put your weapon away , and they will accept you inside .
wait is not a steam command , but rather a source engine console command . dota2 list of commands can be found here : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/list_of_console_commands of interest is the server command " sv_allow_wait_command " which implies that " wait " can be disabled by the server .
the seal on the ground is bound to react to the dragonborn blood . it is automatically activated when you step on it if i remember . it is possible thought that you need a specific quest for it . you should be accompanied by delphine and esbern at this time . it is part a a quest series to defeat the main opponent . you are going to sky haven to learn about history .
from the looks of things the only differences between the two skill trees are , tower of strength ( heavy ) 50% less stagger vs wind walker ( light ) 50% stamina regen rate reflect blows ( heavy ) 10% chance reflect dmg vs deft movement ( light ) 10% chance avoid dmg i do not know if you reflect 100% of the damage , thus negating it , but i would assume so , otherwise the light armour would be much better in that respect . personally i have been stacking stamina a little to get around this as i use heavy armour , but then again i can tank much more than my follower who is in elvan armour . do not forget that you can move quicker and quieter in lighter armour also . i think it is more about your playstyle . also extra stamina points increase your carry capacity .
no . there are only 24 infusions in the game and you would need 30 to max out all three stats . sources : ps3 trophies gamesradar n4g
click an empty spot on the map , and you will have the options : move it , leave it , remove it .
wikipedia has an extensive article on the elo rating system . also it should be elo not elo because it is named after arpad elo .
i am not party to the agreements steam has with publishers and other distributors , but i can get a pretty good picture of it from viewing it as a gamer/consumer . if someone wants to sell a game , they can make a deal with valve to sell keys to that game that are redeemable on steam . in this case , valve most likely gets a small cut when the key is purchased or used ( they are providing the bandwidth after all . . . ) however , valve does not control the price the game creator sells their game at if they opt to sell outside of the steam store . for instance , amazon might strike a deal with 2k games to sell copies of civilization 5 at a steep discount - the games include a steam code as civ5 is a steamworks title . valve is just providing the infrastructure , they are not setting the price that 2k can sell the game at across the wide expanses of the internet . when it comes to retail , the store you are purchasing from is buying the games in bulk at a discount from the distributor or publisher . they might choose to pass that discount along to you , in the hopes that you will think more highly of their store or purchase supplemental accessories or something similar . ( this is called a loss leader and is a common retail practice . ) thus , blizzard might agree to sell thousands of copies of the latest starcraft title at some percentage discount to newegg . newegg then turns around and either gives up that percentage discount as a " preorder bonus " to customers . you buy the game from newegg , and you see that they have also got a sale on ddr3 , which would be a perfect upgrade for your rig to play the game . newegg sells a product they might not have sold otherwise , and you feel like you got a good deal . one axiom i like to quote is " if you can not figure out how they are making money , you are not the consumer - you are the product . " the meaning here is that they wanted your eyeballs on their site , and they got them by offering you a discount . another factor at play here is arbitrage , where companies or people buy a product at a discount , and then resell at less of a discount . for instance , some people might take advantage of a steam sale and get a game 50% off , and then turn around and sell it for 25% off after the sale ends . alternatively , if the game keys work internationally , they might buy copies in a country where the price is low , and sell them in a country where the price is higher . sometimes this is not allowed , though . there may be region locks or other protections to keep this type of arbitrage from occurring . be warned , there are deals out there that are scams . if it looks too good to be true , it probably is . i would suggest only dealing with reputable distributors whenever possible . if you do not think you could contact their customer support and get your money back if the keys were not legit , i would think twice about buying .
steam does not provide an exclusive list of games you have completed , but you can go through your library of games one by one and check if you have 100% of the achievements for that game - if you do , steam considers you to have beaten the game .
you get a tumidum page by completing 4 helltower achievements . the other three are completely random , and are obtained by gifts on helltower . congeriae was recently introduced a couple days ago , which may contribute to the fact that you do not have any of them yet . if you wish to farm spellbook pages , log in and play a game once an hour . you will find that there is a gift spawn within 30 seconds of joining a server .
first and foremost i would get some scaling magic resist glyphs . the flat ones are great when you are mid , or you know you are going against a mage up top ( e . g . vlad ) but for blind pick or bottom lane or jungle i would always go with scaling over flat . other than that , you have just about any runes you had want to cover those roles . i would recommend picking up a mage page ( flat ap quints , flat ap yellows , magic pen reds ) and a support page ( avarice quints and yellows , flat armor reds ) ; being able to play a variety of roles is more important than being specialized at one imo .
champions : magic damage : amumu ' s despair deals % max hp in a small aoe around him over time as long as the ability is toggled on brand ' s blaze passive deals % max hp when he deals damage with any of his spells dr . mundo ' s infected cleaver deals % current hp elise ' s neurotoxin deals % current hp elise ' s venomous bite deals % missing hp evelynn ' s agony 's embrace deals % current hp in a targetted aoe fizz ' s seastone trident 's passive deals bonus damage % missing hp on basic attacks garen ' s demcian justice deals bonus damage based on target 's missing hp jayce ' s thundering blow deals % max hp kog'maw ' s bio-arcane barrage deals % max hp on auto-attacks as long as the ability is active . also increases his maximum auto-attack range malzahar ' s null zone deals % max hp over time in a targetted aoe mordekaiser ' s children of the grave deals % max hp over a long duration . if you die while affected by this , you become morde 's " pet " for a limited time . nasus ' fury of the sands deals max hp in an aoe around him as long as the ability is active poppy ' s devastating blow deals bonus damage based on target 's % max hp varus ' s blighted quiver ( upon activating the passive marks ) deal % max hp warwick ' s hungering strike deals % max hp physical damage : jarvan iv ' s martial cadence deals % current hp as bonus damage on his basic attacks kha ' zix ' s taste their fear ( with evoled enlarged claws ) deals bonus damage based on target 's % missing hp to isolated targets lee sin ' s resonating strike deals % missing hp nidalee ' s takedown deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp riven ' s windslash deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp vi ' s denting blows passive deals bonus damage based on target 's max hp volibear ' s frenzy active deals increased damage based on target 's missing hp xin zhao ' s crescent sweep deals % current hp in an aoe true damage : vayne ' s silver bolts deal % max hp every third basic attack against a single target items : physical damage : blade of the ruined king ' s ( not available on the crystal scar ) passive deals % current hp on basic attacks blade of the ruined king ' s active deal % max hp and also heals the user for that same amount . effect also lowers your move-speed and boosts the user 's magic damage : blackfire torch ' s ( twisted treeline and crystal scar only ) passive deal % max hp when you deal magic damage . uses 1 charge per second and contains 18 at once , which are restored over time when not used . deathfire grasp ' s active deals % max hp and increases magic damage done to that target for a limited time kitae 's bloodrazor ' s ( crystal scar and proving grounds only ) passive deals % max hp on basic attacks liandry 's torment ' s ( summoner 's rift and proving grounds only ) passive deals % current hp when you deal magic damage in addition to all of these , mikael 's crucible ' s active heals a single ally for a % of their missing hp
according to the wiki , when a pig is killed they will always respawn in their house . they respawn the morning immediately after their death . as far as i can tell , this is regardless of what killed them or whether you occupy their house . additional information can be found at the wiki page .
you must have access to one of the corporate wallets to buy/sell on behalf of your corporation . make sure to set that wallet as your active corporate wallet ( wallet/corporation tab ) . you should see a small box at the bottom of the buy/sell window saying " use corporation account x " where x is the current corporate wallet you have active , tick that and it goes on the corporation 's tab . additionally , note that any item bought using the corporate wallet will appear in the ' deliveries ' hangar at a station - not your personal hangar .
cross-platform multiplayer is supported , but as of april 2012 , only between mac and pc . they appear to have removed the cross-platform support on android , ios , and the ps3 sometime in early 2012 .
firstblood in a competetive match means more gold for everybody , which results ina ll 3 lanes having wards from minute 1 on ! this is very important since the enemy jungler cant gank anymore . in soloq , fb raises the moral of your own team , and morale one of the biggest factors for who is gonna win .
no , a persistent internet connection is not required for playing any of the games so far released in the series . a connection is required for steam activation on the latest game , but that is it .
the holy tree focuses mainly on dante 's holy cross attack , which is more of a ranged attack that damages foes at a distance . the unholy tree focuses on death 's scythe , which is a close range/combo weapon . if you have a preference for one weapon over another , that might inform your decision . some people find the cross to be a bit button-mashy , and the scythe to be a bit more ' skillful ' but that is more personal preference than anything else . the consensus surrounding skills is that divine armor ( in the holy skill tree ) is among the most valuable skills . it can protect you and heal you at higher levels . the unholy tree has many high-damage output attacks though . you do not have to choose one path , although specializing early to get divine armor up to level 2 or 3 sounds like a winning strategy .
the scythe will only become available after you have visited the castle . once you have visited the castle , go to the smith in the village and you will then be able to purchase the scythe .
first of all you can make sure that the game is updated by checking the version ( it has to be 1.2.0 or greater ) . the new patch did not add any new skill , so the manor is untouched . every new piece of content has to be unlocked , if you are interested in how you can read the spoiler below ( informations taken from the special items page in the wiki ) . when you pray at a spiritual shrine , you now have a chance to get one of the bosses ' obols , among other items . after you die you are forced to give this obol to charon . doing this unlocks the powered up version of the corresponding boss , that you will find in the appropriate room in the castle , but only after defeating the normal boss . this fight is different from the usual , since you are forced to fight the " buffed up " bosses with a specific combination of classes , traits and spells , each one specific to the boss you are fighting . this combination replaces the one you have chosen for this challenge only and if you fail the fight , you will just be teleported outside the room , with the class you have chosen at the beginning of the run , letting you enter the door again and retry ( as many times as you want ) . after you have fought all of them , you will be able to get the traitor 's obol from a spiritual shrine . then , if you enter any boss chamber that you have previously completed , you will fight as johannes against two copies of yourself . after you have beaten this last challenge , you will have access to the traitor class . using this class to enter johannes ' room will then give you the last achievement , " katagelasticism "
there are a lot of reasons as to why parts might be missing : endermen you could have taken some away without knowing if anyone ( say friends ) has been on your server they might have taken them away it could be the " smp " glitch where you lay them then they disappear and come back into your inventory . you might think these are silly reasons but these are the only ways they could have disappeared . = )
to say that the binding of isaac supports the use of a gamepad would be a slight exaggeration . the latest patch for the game added control options to the game , which looks like this : and as you can see , the game specifically tells you to use one of the many gamepad to keyboard solutions out there , specifically joytokey . this thread describes the alternative of using controlmk , with specific instructions and even a ready-made setup profile for the game ( though i can not vouch for its quality as i have never tried it ) . the thread also mentions xpadder , as per kalamane 's answer . i personally use the ds3 tool and a dualshock 3 ( i actually prefer the keyboard , but my keyboard has some key-locking issues so i can not walk diagonally and shoot right at the same time ) .
you just need an area with a large number of snow blocks , around 500 will get you the most snow , any more should be unnecessary . you can use programs like tedit to edit your map to have enough blocks . or you can put them in your inventory using terrariviewer and place them manually .
there is no cure for an infection , but they will only turn if they are incapacitated . when an infected gets incapacitated , do everything you can to get his health up again ( stop the car , give him a medkit , rest ) . if you are fast enough , he will not turn ( but he still is infected ) . source : steamcommunity
the full changelog is listed on mojang 's website ( copied below ) . the line you mention , " added a few other things for players to discover , " is in the tutorial world section . therefore i suspect it just means they added some cool touches to the tutorial world to demonstrate the use of new items ( pistons , stacked fences , etc ) , to add to its charm . they may have added some little easter eggs to this world too , but i can not say for sure . minecraft : xbox 360 edition july 2012 update changelog : http://www.mojang.com/2012/07/minecraft-xbox-360-edition-update-is-out/ features : added pistons and sticky pistons . added stackable fences . added shears – required to get wool from sheep , and to collect leaf blocks . tnt needs flint and steel or redstone to detonate . redstone wire will now connect to a repeater . new textures for cobblestone and brick . added character skin selector to allow players to choose their skin from the default skins , or from downloadable content skin packs . added lighting improvements ( brought forward from 1.8.2 update ) and snow and rain improvements . added a save file cache to improve the speed of displaying the saves list . added ban list functionality to allow players to self-ban from levels they feel contain offensive content . added a ban list section to the how to play menus . added an option for the host to limit online games to only players in their friends list ( no friends of friends ) . added a seed display to the level load screen ( requires existing levels to be saved out again to add the display ) . changed the tooltip display setting to in-game tooltip display , so that tooltips always display in menus . added the crosshair to the list of things affected by the opacity slider . on using the quickselect bar , the opacity of the quickselect , tooltips , splitscreen gamertag display , and crosshair will be set to 80 , and will fade back down to the user opacity setting after 6 seconds of no quickselect bar use . added some more tips and trivia to the loading/saving screen display . tutorial world changes and additions : added optional tutorial for pistons and redstone . added a self-building bridge to the castle using pistons . added some sugar cane , cactii and clay to the world . added a few other things for players to discover . fixes : fix for only the host being shown the pop-up when any player attempts to place lava near the spawn point . fixed tooltip for flint and steel . fix for note blocks not showing notes . fix for leaderboard reads taking too long . fix to block players re-entering a level they have been kicked from , until the level is restarted . fix to stop players being able to join a game when they are not a friend of any player in the game . fix for netherracks re-appearing after being mined . fix for a rare crash on entering the nether . fix for attacking enemies at a different level not damaging them . fixed a problem causing some save games not to load . removed herobrine .
both the unit and the equipment are lost when you stomp your own unit . if you want to save the unit and equipment you will need to revive them with a healer or an item that has that ability .
short answer : no . the text of the lead by example skill states that the squad leader substitutes his or her will for that of all nearby lower-will squadmates . this does not suggest that the squad leader has any effect on squadmates with higher will than the leader , and it does not suggest any effect at all relating to panics .
you can set the minecraft directory in the profile editor . go to " edit profile " , and check " game directory " for each profile . the game will create new folders for saves , resourcepacks and logs . it will continue to use the appropriate version you selected for the profile ( found in the " versions " folder ) , rather than download the game files again . you can then move the saves you have to the save folders for the correct profile .
you had choose beyond the sword to play the bts content and warlords to play the warlords content . thus , you had pick " complete " to play vanilla civ iv , similar to how steam gives you n number of launch shortcuts depending on which expansions you have installed .
looks to me like a custom grid layout with clique for click casting . this is what i use . i prefer making my own bar layouts and debuff trackers over healbot . grid has a ton of extra addons to make it even more robust . if you watch the ui video that the same user has posted here he confirms that he uses grid .
nope - no saving is what makes the pit so darn tricky .
the bird will fly by once in a while at random , there is no set time and no way to make it appear . look for something that resembles a seagull flying over your little town , and tap on it to fire away .
no , bullets do not pass through enemies . to my knowledge , no special weapon effect ( red text ) does it either . that is borderlands , though . can not say anything about borderlands 2 . as a side note , some special weapon effects cause bullets to ricochet , but trying to aim with that effect in mind is probably more trouble than it is worth . there is also splash damage from explosions , and elemental effects might spread to nearby enemies even if they have not been hit by a bullet .
there is a thread on the steam forums for vista x64 issues , so this may apply to you . these are the possible solutions they came up with : if you have a soundblaster card then disable it and try and run sound either through another soundcard or motherboard integrated sound . create a new file in the worms folder named local . cfg . create this file within notepad and then just save it as that name . the file should just contain the following "/nosound " . verify the game cache , there may have been an issue with your download . doing this will check for errors and redownload any files that are corrupt or missing . source
you are pretty limited in your options if the server does not have a /unstuck command . without this you will have to : a : wait until you starve/attract a passing zed or b : have an admin move you . good luck !
you are told this in-game upon collecting the black soulstone ( source ) : barbarian : five lords of hell now reside within this stone . this was your doing , adria ! adria : twenty years ago , during the darkening of tristram , cain told me of zoltun kulle 's profane soulstone . leah : that is why you left me . . . you went to mark the demons ' souls , so that they could be drawn into kulle 's vessel ! adria : yes , my daughter . i have sacrificed everything for this . . . the other classes only differ in what they say when they discover it .
as far as i know , there is no in game map editor . most likely the person misspoke or was referring to a third-party tool ( but i am also unaware of such a thing existing . )
i had a ralink based wireless card too and in particular with windows 7 i had plenty of problems . high ping , disconnections , and so on . my first suggestion is to try to connect directly to the modem with an ethernet patch , only to verify that using this connection the ping problem is solved . if it helps i can say that in my case i solved the problem without doing holes around , but i simply bought a couple of netgear powerline/ethernet adapters that worked perfectly .
you are almost on the right track , but some of your math is a little off . first i am going to define effective dps : 100 * Damage / (Attack Cooldown * (Minerals + Gas * 2.5)) next let 's look at the marine and the marauder : Marine: \xa0\xa0100 * 6 / (0.86 * 50) \xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0= 13.95 Marauder: 100 * 10 / (1.5 * (100 + 25 * 2.5)) = \xa04.10  so the marine has about 3.5 times as much effective dps . for the marauder to win out against the marine you had need at least 3.5 times as much hp . the marauder to marine ratio is 125 / 45 = 2.7 ultimately , the opinion on teamliquid has almost nothing to do with this calculus and everything to do with real world experience . in real world scenarios groups of marines beat out groups of marauders , not only because the effective dps ratio is higher than the hit point ratio , but also because marines take up less space ; this means that more marines will be able to attack at the same time . ultimately that math trumps just about any theory crafting you and i could perform . note , that in marauder vs marine , marines only do 5 damage , which reduces their effective dps to 11.6 , and the dps ratio to 2.8 . while this still gives the advantage to the marines , it is paltry compared to the size advantage .
no there is no tool to enable you to jump/scroll directly to a point . however , you can speed up the replay speed more than the standard x8 using replay seeker . warning : it can still be buggy .
kill skills are only activated off of kills you get yourself . even if a human or ai ally nets a kill , you are not granted any temporary bonuses .
weapons with gauss attachment are effective agenst the pinger . useing the jaw is a quick way of dispatching them but if thats not an option you can do haveing four c4 pack attached uppon the pinger 's weak spot in the back . but all the c4 has to be detonated at the same time if the c4 is detonated seperate it wont kill the pinger . as for the question title yes the pinger is really weaker in the back for other strategies check the wiki source and wiki ( stated above ) : http://crysis.wikia.com/wiki/ceph_pinger
i thought it was . now that i have tried it , it seems that steam does not expose the apis needed to unlock achievements to games when it is in offline mode . so no , you can not unlock achievements in offline mode .
yes , you can transport horses through the nether . i have successfully transported horses from one base to another via paths through the nether , avoiding oceans , so i know they can go through the gate . it is a little tricky getting them through ; for whatever reason , i found that when handling several horses , they would avoid going through the direction i was pushing them but easily wander back out of the nether on their own . pretty sure that is a quirk of randomness , but you will want to have leads and fenceposts handy so you can immediately confine them far enough away from the portal that they do not walk back out . i play in multiplayer primarily , so i found it handy to have one person behind the horses pushing and one person in the nether grabbing them with leads . the leads will break when you and your horse are in opposite dimensions , so it is not exactly trivial to go through . they will not go through while being ridden , so you have to make do with pushing and pulling . i ran a test just now ; horses are definitely affected by soul-sand . splash potions of slowness are a lot less effective : i could hardly tell a difference in horse speed , but the particle effect indicated the horse was being affected by the potion . they also have trouble with one-block-wide tunnels and even two-block-wide tunnels sometimes , particularly around corners , so it is recommended you carve a three-wide , three- or four-tall path for riding in the nether .
if the game itself does not say cross-play on it in the store then it is not possible . with some cases of cross-play coming after purchase of the digital version , i am very sure that it will then work on the vita since it is not technically a different purchase and simply an update do the existing digital copy . in your case since you own the physical copy for the ps3 you would have to purchase the digital copy in order to have access to it digitally , unless there was a code given for the digital version inside of the game case , which i am doubting .
it really depends on the type of enemy you are fighting . it is a pure counter to the chenjesu broodhome , as the energy recharges sproadically so the dog can not get to them easily . the umgah drone weapon does insane damage and can usually block/destroy any incoming projectile weapons ( awesome against the chenjesu broodhome crystal attacks ) . . i find often that if i am able to turn and face the enemy , i would just charge blinding forward , get close enough to blast them . this works best if the enemy moves slowly or have a giant planet behind them . another technique i use is using the edges of the cone attack to nick the enemy . the width of the corn is much greater size than your ship . as long as i am close enough to zip toward them , i turn my ship in such a way that as i zip past them , the corners of my cone attack nicks the enemy , which is usually sufficient to do great amount of damage .
the game has 6 possible endings , but only 5 are available on the first playthrough . the ending obtained depends on 3 factors . one factor is the " moral score " , increased or decreased depending on the moral choices made during gameplay , and how many monsters the player has killed . a positive score can be obtained when murphy makes positive moral choices , and by sparing the lives of monsters . a negative score is accumulated when murphy makes poor moral choices , and when he kills monsters , rather then incapacitating or ignoring them . the second factor is the decision regarding anne 's fate in the game 's finale . the third consists of the player surviving the finale , since dying only rewards the player with the reversal ending . after the game 's completion a new sidequest is added , digging up the past , and completing this sidequest it rewards the player with the surprise ending . akin to silent hill 4: the room , downpour does not have a ufo ending . endings ending a - forgiveness : you will obtain this ending by having good karma ( choose to help when given the option ) and sparing the character at the end . ending b - truth and justice : you will receive this ending if you killed too many enemies , even if you had good karma otherwise by choosing to help the two other characters early on . ending c - full circle : achieve this ending by having good karma ( choose to help when given the option ) but killing the character at the end . ending d - execution : this ending is achieved by having bad karma ( do not choose to help when given the option ) and by killing the character at the end . ending e - surprise : this ending is achieved by completing the digging up the past side quest on your second play through . ending f - reversal : achieve this ending by dying at the end . anna will wake up from a dream and be inside a cell , and murphy will be a prison guard . resources : - silent hill wikia - ign the video including all ending cutscenes :
yes . its name is lydia . there are two " sort of " answers to this question . first off , as noted , you can use followers as portable storage . the other option is to put your uncarriables onto a convenient nearby dead body and then use one of the raise zombie line of conjuration spells , recasting as needed . edit : on a closer read , you definitely seem to want option two . you can even tell your follower to loot your " skeever suitcase " when you are done with it .
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
here are links to transcripts of the " who knows where " narration that i found on the bastion wiki : first level ( zulf 's pipe ) second level ( zia 's stockpot ) third level ( the kid 's bedroll ) according to the edit dates on the wiki , these were added on dec . 15th and dec . 29th 2011 , so your google-fu would likely have succeeded if it had taken place a couple of weeks later :- ) .
obviously missile turrets just are not good enough , as they are designed to stop harass ( 3-4 muta ) and not larger pushes . a large number of people will tell you thors are the answer , and with their bonus to light and aoe this seems reasonable . let 's take a moment to consider this . mutalisk vs thor . first i am going to need to pull in some numbers from a spreadsheet . we can see that mutalisks get 8.15 dps and thors get 16 dps vs light air . so already thors have an advantage . additionally , with splash , the thor hits more than one muta at a time . so this reasonable assumption seems to hold up very well . let us pretend we are jane goodhall for a moment and observe this match up in the wild . i happen to have a good match : sen vs demuslim ( you can fast forward to 10 minutes in ) . strangely the marine/thor combo seems to die out to a pure muta approach . now part of this can be attributed to sen 's excellent play , but demuslim is a very good player so that can not be the reason ( where as sen could stomp me with any unit ) . so why are thors dying ? well sen will attack with muta ratios of 4:1 or 5:1 , well beyond the cost ratio . demuslim never seems to be able to field enough thors . this is largely a result of the thor 's long build time ( compared to muta coming out of hatcheries ) , and slow speed . demuslim tries to compliment this with dropships , but those are more cost with no real combat benefit . what is more demuslim is forced into making slow pushes against a very mobile zerg force . by comparison , its very easy for sen to build a lot of expansions and just get gas out of them , allowing for a more gas heavy force ( remember gas is our limiting fact for building ) . i will not ruin the end of the match , but at the very least we can see that thors seem to die out to mutalisks outside of the 30 vs 90 scenario . so what is a terran to do ? well you can compliment your thors with scvs , but what you really need is more damage . luckily enough there is a very cheap way for terran to get more damage . marines ! stimmed marines are very effective vs mutalisks . what is more they have no additional gas cost . what is more those medivacs that you are carrying thors around in really boost the survivability of those marines . the best part is , there is no terran strategy which does not allow for easy production of marines . i would also add that building turrets is a very cheap way to slow down a mutalisk attack and give your marine/thor forces time to get into position . finally , its worth noting that the first 2 points of armor do double work against mutalisks as they reduce bounce damage as well . i wrote this answer before idra vs tarson in iem when idra debut the " magic box . " the magic box is a technique that zerg can use to keep mutalisks spread out as the engage thors to minimize splash . to execute the " magic box " you do the following : group your muta and send them to a location tell your muta to stop s wait till your mutalisks spread out , they will be far enough apart as to take no thor splash move m ( do not attack move ) to the thor tell your muta to stop s or hold h above the thor note : that thors will do a lot of damage to muta without splash , however , this should significantly increase the muta survivability . source material i originally wrote this post to debunk the idea that thors hard counter mutalisks . in my rush to do so i forgot to provide a very good counter : ghosts . once again let me provide viewing materia : jinro vs blank . its worth noting that all zerg units are biological and thus the ghost ability " snipe " is effective against all of them . however , ghost dps is fairly low ( 6.67 ) and only really improves vs light ( 13.33 ) and are actually more cost effective vs mutalisks than thors ( though at lower hp ) . however , what really makes them work is that " snipe . " snipe is worth 45 hp ( goes through armor ) for 25 energy , which means a full ghost can snipe 3.6 mutalisks worth of damage ( at only 1.5 the cost ) . what is more ghosts have a faster build time ( 40s vs the thor 's 60s ) ; are built out of baracks ( so synergize nicely with mmm play ) ; can be healed by medivac ; and even go invisible to get the jump . finally , when compared to marines , ghosts are not light ( they have no armor type ) and have 100 hp ( twice the hit points ) , so are not as susceptible to banelings ( though are very weak against muta into roach ) .
you will want to split the signal ( just put branching redstone like a t shape ) coming from the lever and reverse it for one of the pistons using a not gate . that will mean when one has power , the other does not . if the timing is off , you can also put repeaters after the split so one has a bit of a delay .
just to correct some mis-information in this question and responses : a classic game ( without the tutorial ) starts you with 5 engineers + 5 scientists . for both the workshop and laboratory , they require 6 engineers /scientists to unlock them for construction . if you do not feel you can take the first 4 engineer ( or scientist if your rushing the laboratory ) mission that pops up , then rely on your second satellite to pick up an african or asian country to get the +1 engineer bonus if you have set up in north/south america/europe , giving you the required 6 engineers for the start of month 2 . ( for the lab , the opposite is true , place a satellite in north/south america/europe ) . i would say that getting the first 4 engineer mission is more helpful than controlling the panic levels however , allowing you to focus on something more beneficial such as the officer training school ^^
in valve games you are able to record demos that capture every tick of information , so players will record a full set of demos then put them into a program that counts the number of ticks . in portal 2 ( dunno about portal ) the tick rate is 60 hz , so the time is ticks/60 ( which is why any times you see down to the millisecond will be multiples of 1/60 ) . exceptions are made at the start and end of a run for when the player actually gets control , usually deemed to be when the crosshair appears/disappears . runners will open up the demos , step through them frame-by-frame watching the crosshair , then subtract that many ticks . more generally as to how speed runs are " officially " timed , the most " official " ( notice the quotes ) body i know for speed-runs would be the speed demos archive , who maintain a decent amount of runs across various platforms . they have an faq about how to time runs , but some communities can be strong enough to add game- or engine-specific exceptions to their general guidelines . if a game displays a time upon completion , and this time is tested to be accurate , then the timer will be used . an example of an inaccurate game timer is one that does not display the exact time when a player saves , such as star ocean 2 's timer , which drops seconds when saving . some game timers do not count time at pause/inventory screens , dialogs , cutscenes , etc . , so the time can be significantly less than the video length . some games have a timer but it can not be seen at the end of the game . in most of those cases the timer will be ignored . for some games like rpgs , however , such timers are displayed in a menu screen that you would be looking at before the final battle ; that time will be noted and real time from that point added on . for games without timers , a simple real-time measure is used . when the player first gains control of the game 's character , timing begins . at the end when control is lost , even if that is long after the final battle , the timing stops . possible movement that can occur during or after the ending credits does not count . for segmented runs , timing for a segment stops at the first system-dependent activity , usually the actual saving . when loading , the timing resumes at the point when the game was saving or displaying the password . for runs over three hours , the seconds are dropped because slight variations in recording speed can become significant .
it seems to me that once you pick up an item it becomes yours . the only issue is if someone spots you picking up an owned item ; that is when the trouble starts . so yes , you can steal the potion and use it for the quest .
it is an indicator whether or not their ultimate is up . league of legends has something similar . apparently i need another sentence so i do not get this automatically converted to a comment , but that is really all there is to it .
figured it out . the data is in the level . dat file . assuming you are using python , here 's a code snippet that should get the current time ( run " sudo pip install nbt " first ) : for bonus points , you can change the modulo to a division sign and get how many days it has been since you started .
as far as the ' mission stats ' checkbox is concerned - yes , it is possible . here is proof from a stealthy , super-lethal playthrough of mine of the ' house of pleasure ' mission ( with no shadow kill ) . in the screenshot of the mission stats below , notice that there are 44 hostiles killed , ' did not kill anyone ' is not checked , but ' ghost ( never detected ) ' is checked : basically , as long as no red ' marker ' appears on an npc or a wolfhound ( dog ) , it will not count as detected . three white ' markers ' will not count as detected . ( parts of this post are copied from an answer of mine in the question , do “bodies found” count against ghosting ? )
the answer is a combination of draedalus ' answer and kotekzot 's comment . gas masks and replacing them gas mask replacements only come up when the gas mask you are looking at ( e . g . you are aiming at a discarded mask on a shelf ) is in better shape than the one you are wearing ; meaning it has taken less damage than your current mask . the fact that it only lets you interact with a mask that is in better shape than your own makes it easy for you to make the decision to pick it up . there is no downside to doing so , considering how out of hand the cracks can get . filters and how they work the time that comes up when you pick up a filter is simply a consolidated reservoir of time that you have collected . it is really only there because the amount of " clean air " a filter you pick up can provide differs from one filter to the next . for instance , sometimes you might find a pristine filter that adds a full 5 minutes while other times a filter you find in a precarious area ( on a dead body , for instance ) may only give you a minute and a half . that is the only reason it shows you a total amount of time you have saved up in terms of minutes/seconds of potential filtered air . otherewise the game would have to keep track of each individual filter you have picked up and how much time is attached to each ; in essence the developers were either lazy and did not feel like doing that or thought it would be too tedious for the players . that said , no matter what - as you know - when you replace your filter you get a set amount of clean air ( e . g . 5 minutes ) . if you replace your filter before the time is completely up , then you are wasting potential clean air as you are not getting that remainder of clean air refunded to your total . so if you replace your filter as soon as the 1 minute warning alarm goes off , you are losing that minute . additional note : however , it should be noted that if you are playing on normal , then filters should never be an issue . you will have 30 or more minutes worth of air through most of the game at all times ; the filters are absolutely everywhere in this mode .
squelching mutes the other players emotes on your end . traditionally squelch is used in two way radio operation and is used to cut off an incoming signal if the strength drops below a certain level . in gaming terms it often refers to cutting off all communications from another player .
villagers have 3 needs that must be met in order for them to remain happy . i call them food , decoration , and fun since their icons are a burger , a lamp , and a baseball and bat . villagers have , usually , 15 energy once they level up and lose one energy for every space they walk from their house . this means that at least one of each type of shop must be within 15 spaces of every house in order for the villagers to have access to their needs . ( they do not require energy to walk back to their house , and do not lose happiness for doing so without energy . ) shops must be continuously stocked by the player in order to continue supplying villagers . placing decorative items near shops increases their stock and therefore requires the player to " check in " less often . special decorative items may also be placed on your street to create combinations with that one decoration and two specific shops ( for example the fruit stand shop , lucky spin shop , and flower stand decoration ) granting a significant stock increase to both shops . the most efficient layout for villager happiness would be to arrange all shops and decorations ( including gates to other maps ) to maximize the stock of each shop , require less babysitting on the part of the player . note : this is actually a less efficient layout for leveling up though , as you only gain exp by stocking shops . therefore the most efficient layout for leveling would actually be to avoid stock bonuses and manually stock them more often , resulting in more and faster exp gain . the player must be able/willing to to this though as without happiness villagers will not purchase anything , or purchase much less .
it was not obvious to me from the tutorial , but in the forest section you have the option to plant or sell " tree spawners " . flowers and mushrooms only spawn in empty locations , where no trees are planted . if you want more flowers , sell or bag up all your tree spawners . if you want more wood , plant more trees or pull some out that you stored in your bag . trees are pretty cheap , so even if you sell and rebuy over and over it is not a very big financial penalty .
have you looked into powerline networking ? assuming your router and xbox are on the same mains circuit in your house , then that should be able to get a wired connection between your rooms without having to mess about laying new wiring . it is also generally better bandwidth and latency than a wireless solution ( though not quite up with proper wired ethernet kit ) . lots of companies do it these days , a quick amazon listing for powerline networking kit has a whole list of them .
if you look at the various skills in the talent trees of each character , you will see that some cause opponents to be disorientated , brittle , or staggered ( i think - can not recall exact names at the moment ) . you will also see other skills that cause massive amounts of damage ( usually 400-600% ) when the enemy is in one of those states . the trick is , one class can cause each of these states , but only the other two can cause more damage when the enemy is in that state . a cross class combo is taking advantage of this . i found the easiest way to do this is to add tactics for each character to take advantage of this . set the trigger to an enemy being in this state , and the action will be the character 's skill that takes advantage of this . this way you will get the damage bonus for free ( assuming you are not controlling the character in question , of course ) .
in my current town ( strange community of crows ) , we had a big debate on it , and we decided that because we had plumbing , the watch tower is not that important since we have a kill team go out with a marked path everyday to clean out the renewed zone to make it safe for the scavengers anyway . there is really no purpose for scavengers to go wandering off aimlessly beyond the first few days . instead , we spent our upgrade on more important things , namely search tower , defensive focus , workshop , and upgradable wall . the only time i would see that the watchtower is useful is if your town has no scouts and you are having trouble finding the last few buildings on your map or you do not have plumbing/search towers . updating in response to thechoyce 's comment : upgrading the watchtower to level 4 or 5 to take advantage of the ap savings requires 4-5 days of not upgrading something else . first , let me say that there is no need for builders to scavenge next to town , by day 12 we already had enough raw wood/metal to build every building , our limiting factor ( probably for most towns as well ) is n and b , depleted zones do not yield those . lets run some quick numbers using my current town : we have roughly 12 full time scavengers ( both heros and none heros ) , and 18 builders . for watchtower upgrade 4 , that saves us 12 ap per day . 24 for upgrade 5 assuming we went straight for watchtower from day one , and we are currently at day 15 ( we will see no benefit until day 4 ) , we will save : for watchtower upgrade 4: 12*11 days = 132 ap for watchtower upgrade 5: 11 + 24*10 days = 251 ap here is what we would be potentially giving up : defensive focus ( from 5 - 1 ) : we currently have ~100 defensive items in the bank , this would cost us 600 defence , which would mean we would have died last night , so definitely not . also , there is absolutely nothing you can build for 251 ap that yields 600 defence . search tower ( from 5 - 1 ) : the entire map has been depleted since day 5 on , and there would be no way we would have as much defensive items and weapons without the search tower , so that is out again . workshop ( from 3- 1 ) and upgradable wall ( from 3 - 1 ) : 71 defence : 2 upgrades on the workshop saves us 14% of all building ap , just adding up the buildings we have completed since then ( roughly estimated at a cost of 1000 ap , false town + mega pump being the big ones ) , we saved 140 ap , so its a wash with wt4 , but that is with only 2 upgrades into workshop as compared to 4 in watchtower . however , add in the 71 defence from the two upgrades to the wall , it tips the scales in favor of spending it on these upgrades instead of the watchtower . finally , we are currently fast approaching the point where the only things we can build require nuts and bolts ( of which we are short by ~25 on ) , all the ap savings in the world can not do anything if we can not build anything . i am not saying the watchtower is bad , and i have no way of knowing how much more we can find if we did extend our expeditions from 18 ap out to 20 ap , but from the point of view of this town , it certainly is not worth the upgrades .
yes . there are a number of damage calculators out there . this covers both the damage side and attack speed sides of the coin at once . alternatively , for more complex questions , such as factoring in werewolf attack speed , zeal , jab etc , i refer you to this for a good list , if slightly dated . the reference bible i used to use when playing d2 was this . for an more recent compilation , this provides a reasonably thorough ( at least as of 1.11 ) compendium . i hope that helps . there is so much good information out there on d2 , as it has been around so long and was so popular , that i did not think it constructive to reinvent the wheel and write down formulae here : )
its ' realistic ' to play with any gun . an lmg is a very ' well rounded ' gun . if your having problems pulling it up in time use a slight of hand/ steady aim combination . you can begin to shoot from the hip while pulling your gun up . most of this game is recognizing the strengths of your gun and sticking to areas that utilize it ! for example , if you use an rpd stick to open areas . on the map ' wasteland ' stay outside of the bunker and try to engage your enemies at mid -> long range . with the staggering power of secondary guns in this game , any primary gun is absolutely reasonable . stick with a pp2000 , g18 , or shotgun to balance out the mid -> long range requirements of your lmg ( a close -> mid range secondary to use when your lmg is too clunky ) the rpd with a grip is my favorite gun in the game : my k/d is 5 . if your looking for a higher kill/death use the acr , ump , or scar . hope this helps
it appears that you can use it multiple times , but you are restricted to using it once per hour , and will be blocked from using it during certain missions .
i would say that either you need newer drivers for you gpu or you gpu is not supporten . the specs : http://hi-rez.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/269/~/what-are-the-minimum-and-recommended-system-requirements-for-tribes%3a-ascend%3f you card ( not sure if this also counts for mobile versions of the card ) : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radeon_r700 so it has shader model 4.1 , which is enough ( again if it is not a special mobile version which is different ) . and you are sure you have the latest drivers from amd ? you can fill out this and get the latest ( i did not know if you had win/ 32 or 64bit ) : http://support.amd.com/us/gpudownload/pages/index.aspx otherwise there is an autodetect program that should help you : http://support.amd.com/us/gpudownload/windows/pages/auto_detect.aspx i hope this helps , christian
it seems like the only ways in are through charles bank and north end . the main gate is at charles bank , but there are a few broken link fences over at north end that allows you to sneak past the wall .
trying to fight a stalker with your sword is suicide . unfortunately stealth kills are also out , as you have noted . many types of lethal ninja gear will do in a stalker , but my favorite is probably the hisomu terror dart . it is easy to hit them with this from a distance and remain undetected . remember that you can also return to any equipment selection spot ( marked by a flag ) to resupply your lethal gear . if you are stuck on an area with a lot of guards , this can be a real lifesaver , and there is no penalty for returning repeatedly . however , there are several spots where you will have limited equipment and have to deal with stalkers . in several spots your only gear will be the non-lethal bamboo dart . in this situation , the best thing to do is to stand in a spot where you know you will set off a trap if you take a step in the wrong direction , and then throw a dart at the stalker . then flee to a safe distance . the stalker will come to investigate , wander around a bit seeking you , and set off the trap , effectively committing suicide . you can also throw a dart at the hanging bombs to knock them to the ground into a stalker 's patrol path , and they will walk right over them and die . with all that said , my most common strategy against stalkers is avoidance . watch their patrol paths , and you can find an opening to slip past undetected . even though they have a detection ring all the way around them , they can not detect you while you are in a hiding spot . you can use your grappling hook and various hiding locations , along with careful timing , to avoid most of the stalkers in the game .
on rayman 2 , the yellow lums were a one-time collectible , meaning they disappeared once they were collected and always appeared in the same spot for every player . the way lums are awarded this time is more like a score . they rely more on skill and speed , rather than just exploration . for example a certain collectible might increase the lum value for a few seconds , different players might manage to collect different amount of lums at the same time , so they cannot set a hard limit on lums , only a minimum score to accomplish . i do not know if you get anything for overflowing the tube , as i have only played the demo level and never managed to fill it myself
no , no stealth weapons capability as standard the stealth cruiser does not appear to have built in stealth weapons capability . how i tested it for the sake of testing i upgraded the stealth capability so i had a maximum duration , engaged an enemy , waited until my weapons were charged and then stealthed . upon first impression it seemed as though stealth weapons capability was built in , as i was able to fire both weapons while cloaked without being pulled out of cloak . however , upon further testing it appears that the duration of the cloak was affected quite significantly once weapons had been fired : in this image , i activated my fully upgraded cloaking system the moment i heard the enemy fire at me . this was just enough time for all of my weapons to come online , so while the game was paused ( and i was taking this screenshot ) , i targeted the enemy ship with my two lasers and then unpaused the game : you can see the lasers firing on the screenshot , i only unpaused the game for a brief second before pausing again , and as you can see this halved the duration of cloak . it appears that for each weapon fired about 20% of the overall cloak duration is removed , so if i had fired my beam weapon as well i would have expected the remaining cloak time to be around 30% of its total duration . firing the same weapons in the same way with the stealth weapons augmentation completely negates this drain on the cloak duration , so i can only conclude that no - the stealth cruiser does not have innate stealth weapons capabilities .
no you dont need it . it can only be sold
it is a random number that is attached to every battletag , no matter whether the actual name is unique or not ( the number makes it unique as the combination has to be unique ) . it is usually hidden though . it essentially makes your name unique while allowing the readable/name part to be used multiple times . that means , you do not say a friend to add " battletag " to their friends list , you tell them to add " battletag#1234" , because there might be more than one " battletag " in use . despite that , in games you will usually just appear as " battletag " , unless there is a second player with the exact same battletag .
modern warfare 3 does indeed support dedicated servers ( see here ) : will modern warfare 3 have dedicated servers ? yes ! modern warfare 3 supported matchmaking as well as dedicated servers , allowing players to find and filter via an in-game server browser or set-up their own dedicated server for complete control , without being restricted by any 3rd party hosting requirements . if looking for a dedicated server to join , if you choose not to set up your own , you can filter and favorite by ping , map , gametype , hardcore variants , voice , password , and many other options . as for an approved server list , it appears the ranked servers are managed in-game ( you have to enable browsing of dedicated servers in the options to even see those ) ; i will update if i find anything .
i think i have played that ( it has been a long time so i might be wrong ) . i think you are talking about gravity well . gravity well site
cazadors are mean mean mean . trying to kill them at that level was an exercise in frustration for me . however , if you are determined to try then here are a few ideas . for individual cazadors , you can try shooting them while running backwards ( "kiting " them ) but they are usually much too fast . so shoot for the wings , then the legs . once they are grounded and slow , they should be easier to kill . try using different ammo . the vault claims that they do not have any dt ; if so , then hollow point ammo should do much more damage to them . for groups , splash damage is the way to go , but dynamite is too slow for cazadors , as i am sure you know already . even normal grenades can not keep up with them . if you have got a ton of dynamite , you could try scavenging for the components to turn it into powder charges , which are like lower-damage frag mines . then plant a bunch of them in a semi-circle and lure the group in . of course , there is no kill like overkill . my preferred method for dealing with cazador nests ( even at level 30 ) is orbital laser bombardment . with the right skills tagged , you might be able to complete the quest needed to activate the helios one plant and also acquire the targeting device at level 4 , but you will need to run your way south around the mountains and then north all the way to vegas . and then , the laser only works once per day . but i never get tired of raining blue fire from the sky onto unsuspecting monster wasps . take that !
unfortunately currently there is no way to disable these announcements . ( i assume you are asking about the eu or na version of the game )
unfortunately , it is not possible to do delete the mayor of a town . the only option is to re-create your town . when isabelle asks you " shall we get you started ? " on the main screen , the process of deleting a character is usually " i need help first . . . " -> " demolish my home . " if you do this on any other character except for the mayor , that character and his/her house will be removed from the game . however , if you attempt to do this as the mayor , isabelle will initially freak out , and then start to cry , explaining that the town cannot function without a mayor . instead , she offers the suggestion that if you really want to start over , you will have to select " re-create the town . " , which will erase both the mayor , the town , and all of its citizens .
using revolution is in essence you going " all in " ( in terms of poker ) . the best times to use this is when you want that extra little boost to tip the scale in your favor . this scale tipping does not last very long and is rather risky , but if you take advantage of it , that is all you will need to win the game . there are a couple things that could spell doom for you however : you lose the proceeding battle : if you lose your army , you will have a very difficult and slow time getting it back unless you have saved a large amount of resources or have a solid income of xp for shipments . your enemy advances to the fifth age : there are many technologies that drastically improve the military and economy in the fifth age that are impossible to obtain once you revolt . i usually only use revolution when i do not have the time/resources to advance to the fifth age , and i am also pretty sure that my enemy does not have time either . if i am right , it usually spells victory for me . if i am wrong , it usually spells defeat .
i have finally managed to get this to work . it turns out half life 2 executes a file named 360-controller.cfg automatically whenever it starts ( for linux , it executes 360controller-linux.cfg ; both are located at ~/.steam/SteamApps/common/Half-Life 2/hl2/cfg ) . so all you need to do is tweak that file to you liking . here 's my setup ( the missing buttons are left to default ) :
it is not possible . you have to wait , but there are no official sources that states you will have the possibility to change icons . it is also not clear how much customizable will be the hud . if you have suggestions or critiques i invite you to post them to devs forum .
thanks to some friendly in game individuals , i determined what " accuracy " is as determined by armor . it is a " glitch/typo/bug " that displays the word " accuracy " where " leg armor " is intended .
there are some serious issues with the pc port of prototype 2 , from what i can gather . most people who have complained about the game 's performance have been running on ati graphics - i am not sure that 100% of the people having issues are ati'ers , but from my sample size of probably 20-30 people , i have found most nvidia graphics users to say " it runs great ! " and most ati graphics users to say " wow , this stinks ! " i went through and collected and collated all the suggested solutions to the problem over here , on my blog but the #1 thing that actually helped me was setting the processor affinity . if i use task manager to force the processor affinity of prototype2 . exe to only core 0 , the game runs smoothly without issues . if i do not , then i get all sorts of performance issues - sometimes the input lags , often times the frame rate drops like a rock , etc . if that does not work , you can try some of the things that others suggested and had good luck with , but that is where i would start .
so in a small scale tournament , one of the large considerations is what maps people can practice on . while anyone can practice on any map ( unless they have starter edition ) , most people lack a large stable of practice partners . as a result they are often restricted on what maps they will be able to get decent amounts of practice . if you look at the after hours gaming league you will notice that day9 specifically chose blizzard ladder maps for his tournament . this was because many of the players ( despite being masters level ) had difficulty organizing their teams for long practice sessions . as a result many of the practice sessions would have to be alone and there for on the blizzard ladder . while an argument was originally made for gsl/mlg/tsl maps because you could organize a random custom game on them ( part of battle net match making ) , the quality of the players you were matched against could not be guaranteed . un-like the iccup of the broodwar era , where the player base was more organized and you could guarantee the skill level of your opponents , the popularity of the blizzard ladder leaves it the only real option for people who do not have a good organized practice team . i think this is an important concern for any tournament organizer looking to start up a friendly tournament .
according to the wiki , there are three types of zombies : walkers : these zombies stand upright and walk slowly . they run very fast in zigzags at the player and are often hard to hit . they are the most common zombie type . hoppers : these zombies are crouched and hop towards the player at a medium speed flailing their arms once agroed , they can be hard to see and often blend in with grass on approach . crawlers : these zombies are the rarest and are in prone position , they can be very difficult to see in the grass and are the quickest of zombies when they arn't aggroed . however , this is the slowest zombie when they are aggroed . there will also be dogs in the future : meanwhile , hall has confirmed that dogs are coming to dayz - in all likelihood , they will be german shepherds , he said .
all your stats are boosted , no matter whether they are based on your character ( like health or stamina ) or your actual items . just keep in mind that due to this items will scale similar to how your character is scaled . for example , if you are indeed level 10 and your weapon is level 5 , then do not expect to have the equivalent of a level 50 weapon . it will be more likely around level 40 or even lower .
yes , dot spells can crit in diablo 3 . here is a link to some research , that shows the following facts : dots can crit , but they display as white , not yellow . some dots crit per tick , i.e. , each tick can crit individually . some dots crit per cast , i.e. , the whole spell can crit , making all ticks higher . some spells that jump to new targets recalculate whether they crit when they jump . there is a list of spells tested in the thread : http://us.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/5911881247
they are both official headsets , the top one came out on october 2008 and the bottom one was announced november 2010 and replaced it . they have identical features and use , with the latter model having better audio cancelation technology . there is another official ps3 headset , the official stereo headset , which is used for the game 's audio as well as voice chat . it connects to the console by usb ( not bluetooth as the other headsets ) offers virtual surround set as well and is more expensive than the voice chat headsets . you can read about both on this wikipedia page . as for paying more for the official headsets - it is all up to you . the sony bluetooth headsets cost more than other brands but in my opinion offer better quality . sony 's official headsets have the advantage of offering other features on the console that other headsets do not support , like on-screen status indicator and " hq mode " which sony claims offers better sound quality . in my experience playing online , you can tell which users use the official headset and which do not by their voice clarity .
so there are only three factors which influence muta vs muta battles . they are , in order of importance : army size keeping wounded muta alive focus firing a lot of people will try to tell you that the bounce is important , but bounce has a range of 3 ( identical to the muta itself ) so once you get above 8-10 mutalisks , reducing bounce damage is not practical . army size is the most important part of any mutalisk on mutalisk contest , but not just having more than your opponent . at about 14 mutalisk , they gain the ability to one shot opposing mutalisks . above this point , having all your mutas target a single target actually results in a loss of damage . unlike the siege tank , mutalisk damage is carried by a projectile , so if the target dies before it hits , the projectile does not re-target . thus if you have more than 14 mutalisks , the best thing you can do is split them into groups of 14 and micro them independently . as army size is important , keeping your mutalisks alive is almost as important . this means backing out mutalisks who have low hit point values . because of the nature of the glaive worm bounce , this means you are going to have to pull wounded muta back prior to getting low health ( think about half ) . ideally you want your opponents mutalisks to follow this unit , as mutalisks have to decelerate on attacking . this means chasing mutalisks will never catch up , and become easier prey . if they do not chase then you need that muta to almost immediately get back into the fray ( the technique for this i will describe in a second ) . focus firing is usually a well understood concept by most players , but how it applies to mutalisks is often unique . ideally you want to attack the nearest opposing muta and then shift target his remaining mutalisks from closest to furthest . however , mutalisks are very quick and have the useful property that they bunch up very tightly when micro'd . you will want to use this to your advantage to prevent your opponent from focus firing your muta down . as mutalisks attack they will spread out a little , so you will have to use the time in between attacks ( yeah the 1.5 game seconds ) , to tighten them back up . this will usually require more than one action . make sure to hit Hold Position in between movements . while this will not function as advertised , it will make sure your muta do not waiting to fire while moving . finally , as mentioned before do not allow you focus-firing muta to chase after an opposing mutalisk as this will leave you open to assault . while muta on muta micro may sound intense , the period for which it matters is usually very small . as the most important aspect is army size , you should gain a slight advantage through better micro early on , which will quickly snowball . if you find yourself behind at some point , do not remain and fight , but rather quickly exit .
note : this question could clearly been asked in a shorter way . the counter to tanks is adc . but the counter to adc is bruisers . any bruiser can easily solo a carry , unless they are a skilled vayne , jinx , ezreal etc . . the carry needs to kite really well and cc from his support to help him last longer from the bruisers all-in attacks . once their all-in attacks fail the carry can freely hit most bruisers without taking too much damage . what if they have 3 people diving on the carry ? you definitely need a really skilled carry working with a skilled support player to survive this kind of attack . the support should delay their advance while the carry gets them low enough for either teammates to take notice or just waste their time by kiting around . now there are some certain picks that will work really well againts heavy tanks . of course you will have to master these champions to really be effective . support : alistar - not a good initiator like people think he is , but he is an awesome carry defender . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . blitzcrank : can initiate and pull out an important target from the enemy also has good cc to protect the carry . when they dive , punch their bruiser , he will try to dive on the carry again , then pull him back . your carry should ofc be getting free hits while you do this . janna , lulu , nami : good players will not let enemy bruisers touch your carry . just focus on protecting your carry , instead of hitting their carries . adc : ashe - has no chance of surviving 3 tank dives , has low chance even with 2 tank dives . but a skilled ashe player can catch one of the enemy of guard with her ulti . turn the fight easily into 4v5 and carry . ezreal : can easily kite dives on you , does not deal too much damage but pretty hard to catch . kog'maw , vayne : anti-tank will melt them . really hard to play without a good support . apc : brand : does not usually survive the laning phase , but is he does , has awesome aoe , percent based nukes that can melt any tank . karthus : they are killing you ? no problem . just die in a proper place so you can damage with your aoe . they are diving adc ? no problem . just kill them from behind . syndra : can burst down anyone diving in . jungle : trundle : your tankyness are belong to us any position : kayle : her whole kit is anti-bruiser . helps yourself and your allies . keep your distanced from your carry , if they dive him , ulti your carry , wait , slow them , wait heal your carry , while taking the tank down . if they dive you ulti yourself and try to flash away . also as items consider botrk , liandrys and penetration items againts tanky teams .
more money does not stack with itself . multiple characters having the more money ability will not increase your pg earned . the description was a mistranslation . more money does stack with items like golden egg . http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68317819 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68287566 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68100397
as usual , the act of typing it all out makes me think of another couple things to try . i had not noticed that there was a pressure plate behind the grate to the left ; placing something on that plate quickly before the floor fell out opened the way to a second lever and the solution ; both the left and right lever were necessary to open the way .
in that particular situation your only option is to retry the level and be careful the next time , unfortunately . this is a glitch in the game . you do not say what platform you are on but on 360 you can drop items with the red button most of the time , however not these disguises for some reason .
it turns out that the problem was that ian was standing in front of the door trying to get to me , which stopped the guard from leaving . moving over to the other part of the shop caused ian to move out of the way , which fixed everything ( i robbed killian blind anyway ) . he did not move the first time i went over there , so it may be that you need to save and reload the game a few times to make it happen .
first , make sure your dwarves ' labor preferences allow them to work those jobs . second , make sure you have the tools for those jobs . ( it is hard to chop trees without an axe ) third , make sure your lazy dwarves are not new immigrants . ( new immigrants are lazy ) if after all that , you still need busywork , some good busy work includes : engraving - smoothed/engraved rooms make dwarves happy ! military training - a trained dwarf is much more likely to survive than untrained militia herbalism - if your map is safe , gather more plants and seeds to trade , cook , or brew booze with . cooking - turn boring food into lavish meals ! long-term projects to utilize your work force might include : constructing a megaproject . starting up a new industry .
there are multiple mods which can do this . i have not personally used any so i can only recommend browsing the steam workshop and/or google . it is also possible to do this by saving the map in the world builder then opening it as a scenario on the new difficulty . this does , however , cause some problems such as the ai forgetting parts of your diplomatic history .
the bucket issue was a conflict between two plugins and has been resolved .
they increase in number as you progress through the game , and unfortunately there is not really any way to stop them . it does not really have to do with your decisions , but how far along in the game you are . i have yet to discover any pattern to their arrivals ( i have seen them during the day ) so i am not sure there is any way to avoid them unfortunately . note that they only appear " in silverpines , millfields , mistpeak valley and hero of bowerstone 's tomb " . as far as defeating them , there are a few weapons that provide bonuses against balverines . they are : lunarium pounder ( hammer ) : +40% damage after killing 100 wolves or balverines trollblight ( hammer ) : +80% damage ( they count as large enemies ) after killing 10 large enemies with a flourish wolfsbane ( sword ) ( limited edition only ) : +40% damage after killing 50 enemies with flourishes i believe they may also count as evil enemies ( could not find a place that said for sure ) so if that is true , any weapon with bonuses against evil enemies will count for them as well . other than that , i am not sure if there is any real ' good ' way to beat them overall . it would depend on what skills you have so far , how many there are , what weapons you have , etc . if i remember correctly , by the time i was maxed out on everything , i think balverines were fairly ' easy ' ( though enemies level with you so it will only ever be so easy ) .
glyphs are kind of like meta-talents , that can be changed on the fly , without a full respec . they generally modify a specific spell or talent in some way , and come in three categories : prime glyphs modify a spell or talent in a way that is directly related to it is effectiveness in combat , such as reducing it is cost , cast time or cooldown , increasing it is duration , damage or healing ( sometimes under special conditions ) , or providing an additional special effect of some sort . major glyphs can be considered ' utility glyphs ' . these glyphs generally provide useful combat effects that do not translate into a direct increase in throughput . some will improve your defensive capabilities , others affect crowd control . still others , provide a tradeoff , increasing the direct damage of an ability , but removing a dot effect ( useful for pvp ) . minor glyphs provide cosmetic effects or minor out of combat conveniences , such as removing reagents , or allowing a mages polymorph spell to display a different graphic . max level characters have a total of 9 glyph slots . 3 prime , 3 major , and 3 minor . these are gained while leveling , one of each at level 25 , again at 50 , and again at 75 . glyphs are produced by the inscription profession . they can be bought relatively cheaply from the auction house , or any of the other usual channels ( trade chat , dealing with friends and guild mates , etc . ) . to learn glyphs , once you are at an appropriate level , simply purchase them and right click the item to use it . once a glyph is learned , it can be ' equipped ' by going to the ' glyphs ' tab of your spellbook . you can switch between glyphs freely , so long as you have either vanishing powder ( if below level 80 ) or dust of disappearance in your inventory . both are easily purchasable from an inscription supply or reagent vendor in nearly any town or city .
i completed single player on heroic last night , and the scene in question does not take place . a few similar scenes do take place : didact does hold the chief aloft ( with the force i guess ) a few times with his arms held out . once when you first release him and again at the climax of the story . there are no flash backs to the chief childhood . a promethean kight also does the ' jump on you head split open scream thing ' when you first encounter them on requiem .
as @fredley suggested , i crossed upon a well know bug . creating a new world ( or probably just change the position of the blocks ) will solve the problem .
taken from the diablo wiki : arcane blast cooldown : 5 seconds release a wave of pure energy dealing 115% weapon damage as arcane to all nearby enemies . arcane strike strike the ground in front of you , causing 250% weapon damage as arcane to enemies in the area . disintegration wave thrust a beam of pure energy forward dealing 300% weapon damage as arcane . the following abilities are unlocked with the skill 's runes , so the player has to choose which one to use : slow time ( 20 seconds cooldown ) project a bubble of warped space and time that moves with you , slowing the movement and attack speed of enemies by 40% and the speed of projectiles by 60% for 10 seconds teleport ( 10 seconds cooldown ) teleport through the ether to the selected location up to 20 yards away . all of the archon 's skills completely replace your wizard abilities , until you revert to your normal form , either by waiting or right-clicking on the buff above the hotbar .
for windows users : C:\Users\&lt;Your Username Here&gt;\Documents\Diablo III\Screenshots for mac users : &lt;Your Username Here&gt;/Library/Application Support/Blizzard/Diablo III/Screenshots ( caution : it is a hidden folder )
according to this thread on gamefaqs it is definitely the censored version .
off-hands use " other " gem bonuses .
monks and barbarians take 30% less damage than the other 3 classes . this is an inherent attribute valid from level 1 . now , 30% is significant but i am not sure it is enough to justify the radical difference you are describing . how certain are you that it is not just your general perception ? because in practice , a monk does not tend to just stand there tanking . he tends to hit back , which often causes a " hit " animation on monsters which prevents them from attacking . this is before , of course , we consider that a typical monk is loaded to the brim with skills that stun enemies , blind enemies , decrease enemy armor , increase the monk 's armor , etc .
yes , it does affect a few things . first , if you make a clearly goofy selection you will get a live trigger reward other than a potion . why this is does not make any sense to me , but picking the right or logical answer will not net you anything . the rewards here are almost always cosmetic so you are not missing much of anything . second , some of the live triggers will result in a paradox ending . these are , simply put , bad endings to the game . when you come into a paradox ending there will be a short scene and you will be dumped back to the historia crux . the unique thing about ff 13-2 is that all of these choices can be replayed by closing and opening gates again . everything in the zone gets reset other than key items and fragments . so if you are not satisfied with how your first choices turn out you can simply go through it again .
the ability to tap ambient magical fields is granted by worshipping sif muna . like all abilities , it is activated via pressing the a button and then selecting the ability . when activated , you instantly regain a small amount of mana , but you become more hungry . it is mainly used when you are out of mana , but are in a tight situation and cannot spend any time resting to regain it . the crawlwiki has all the gory details . the formula for the actual amount of food lost does not help much during a game , since you never know your precise food level . however , the important information is that your invocations skill and intelligence stat control how likely the ability is to succeed , while just your invocations skill controls how much mana you gain .
the data is on the wiki , it is just a bit hard to find , primarily because the strength value to remove the penalty varies . from the strength entry , the strength required to wear heavy armour is : str = ev penalty times 3 it is the ev penalty that varies , hence why the strength value required to wear heavy armour also varies . there are a number of factors that are used to calculate the ev penalty , and the precise calculation does change between versions , so that the wiki is often out of date . regardless , it is generally the case that your dexterity actually plays a part in the calculation , such that a character with a low dexterity will need more strength to remove the penalty and a character with high dexterity will need less strength . due to this , and the part dexterity plays in attack rolls , i tend to keep my strength and dexterity identical when playing a fighter character , unless i am playing a character that starts with a massive strength bonus ( such as a mountain dwarf fighter ) , in which case i just put a few points in dexterity so that it does not lag too far behind my strength . one final note - the message does not indicate that you cannot wear heavy armour , it just indicates that you will not be able to use it effectively if you do wear it . in other words , your ability to block attacks with your armour will not be as good as if you had a higher strength . no character in crawl is prevented from using any piece of equipment .
i am not 100% sure , but whenever i used them they seem to attack zombies in this order : whatever is attacking it ( self-preservation , although this could just be point 3 below as well ) balloon zombies if any appear zombies that are the furthest down a particular lane pick a target at random ( if they are all nomming on wall-nuts )
yes . i had not yet achieved golden god when i upgraded to wrath of the lamb , but after finishing the original game achievements i did receive it . i did not have to finish all the wrath of the lamb achievements .
your best bet may be to decrease their engagement radius to near ( or something like that ) they will not ignore them completely , but they will not go haring off across the system to attack far-away platforms .
i know this is a late answer , but i will answer anyway . you need to edit your server 's . ini files to add a proper http redirect . any requests to download mods and maps will be redirected to any server you want . as long as the host you are linking to supports direct downloading , you will be fine . i recommend dropbox public folder . there is a complete tutorial available here : http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/redirection_and_compression
replace the launcher with your chosen game executable . a summary of the steps here : copy the saints row .exe files in your saints row the third install directory to a different folder ( that should be game_launcher.exe , saintsrowthethird.exe , and saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe ) copy back the one you want to always use - saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe to use the directx 11 version , or saintsrowthethird.exe to use the non-directx 11 version . rename the file you copied to game_launcher.exe . this tricks steam into directly running the version of the game you want , instead of putting you through the launcher .
you have probably earn them when you evicted bitizens that were wearing a special costume . ; )
this is a difficult question to answer . this command does not show the destruction skill xp number . GetActorValueInfo DestructionSkillAdvance  in order to determine the skill experience to level , i had to try/ ( reload after ) this command : advskill destruction 100  where 100 is the amount of skill experience to gain . i went frost giant tickling . the character had destruction skill 25 , firebolt and lightning bolt . through trial and reload i determined that the character needed 475-480 experience to level destruction to 26 . it takes 12 firebolts to gain the needed experience ( 4 trials , same result each time ) . it takes 10 lightning bolts to gain the needed experience ( 4 trials , same result each time ) . i only had the novice and apprentice perks ( no damage increaser perks ) for these tests . disclaimer , it is possible but unlikely that frost giants have a hidden fire resist that reduces damage done and therefore xp gained . ( getactorvalueinfo electricresist seems to work on my character , but electricresist , fireresist and frostresist all show 0 for the giant ) . if frost giants resist fire , then the remainder of this post may be garbage . or lightning bolts award more xp than fire bolts . this is most likely due to lightning bolt 's higher magicka cost . lightning bolt 's base cost is 51 . 9 * 51 = 459 ( not enough ) . 10 * 51 = 510 ( level up ) . firebolt 's base cost is 41 . 11 * 41 = 451 ( not enough ) . 12 * 41 = 492 ( level up ) . ice spike 's base cost is 48 . ( did not test ) if you have discounts to the point where you do not worry much about magicka costs . . . this makes lightning bolt a much better spell to be casting than fire bolt . so to answer the question . . . burn damage does not factor into skill gain . consider a 30 hp critter . if you firebolt them for 25 and burn the remaining 5 hp , you are getting 41 xp ( for 41 magicka before discounts ) . if you lightning bolt them for 25 , and again for 25 , you are getting 102 xp ( for 102 magicka before discounts ) .
apparently , you have got a good ear . michael hogan is captain bailey 's voice actor , as well as your friend from battlestar galactica .
life orb increases base power by 30% , while sheer force increases base power by a conditional 30% . if a move does not have a secondary effect ( like a burn chance ) , its base power will not be increased by sheer force , although life orb 's bonus still applies . the damage formula is a bit annoying to recall , but i believe that sheer force is applied to the base power of the move , which is then used to calculate the actual base damage during which life orb is taken into account . if i recall my multiplication properties correctly , this means that the increase in damage should be about 1.3 * 1.3 = 1.69 or a ~70% increase in damage .
yes . according to bulbapedia : whenever the game 's internal clock strikes midnight , every pokémon in the player 's party has their pokérus value decreased by one point . once the y value reaches 0 , the pokémon will be cured of pokérus . this means that if the pokemon is not in their party , its pokerus value would never be decreased and as such it would never be " cured " ( though even when cured , it is still affected , it just loses the ability to spread it ) .
i , too , had not heard of this achievement until just now . luckily , powerpyx over at xbox360achievements had . he even put together a nice list ! during the course of the story there are 7 occasions where you can talk to your friends . you will have to listen to everything they have to say . if you miss one single conversation you cannot get this trophy / achievement in your current playthrough anymore . you need to keep talking to everyone until the square x symbol above their head is gone . you will also see the tr auto-save logo flashing in the bottom right corner of the screen when all conversations with one person are done . you need to talk to the following people : before searching for 50 pieces of salvage , talk to whitman . after finding the 50 pieces of salvage , talk to whitman again ( do not repair the axe yet ! ) after helping roth ( where the wolves attack him ) , talk to roth . shortly after getting the rope arrows you will meet roth again . talk to him before using the zipline . when reaching the shipwreck beach you will meet your friends . talk to sam , reyes and jonah . before going to the endurance to help alex and get the tools , talk to whitman , sam , jonah and reyes at the beach camp . reyes is on the boat . after coming back from the endurance , talk to whitman , reyes and jonah . he is also detailed the entire thing on youtube . one thing worth mentioning is that , if you have 50 salvage before speaking to whitman the first time , it should give you all of the conversation options before you upgrade your axe , meaning you would be finished after clearing all of the dialogue with him ( the chat option stops appearing ) . unfortunately , the achievement is missable , meaning you will not be able to get it without playing through the game again ( assuming you have already missed one or two , that is ) .
if your own settlers get captured by barbarians , and you rescue them , they will remain a settler . if any other civilization 's settler gets captured by barbarians , rescuing them will turn them into a worker ( if you claim it for yourself ) or stay a settler ( if you return it to them ) .
i do not know about the light , but from what i have seen , guards do not notice the laser beams , despite them being very bright visually . in my last " framing frame " i was watching through the cameras , and the guards regularly should have been able to see the beams of laser from our guys stealthing , but they did not alert .
film reels are well-hidden collectibles , that are scattered around the game . what you are looking for you could spend hours and hours of searching and looking the 50 reels , or you could use this guide that shows the location of all the films .
optifine has , among many other improvements , a clear water option ( under video options -> details ) . this is a pure client modification and works just as fine in smp . ( note that this is not compatible with mcpatcher , which is however not needed since optifine also includes hd texture support ) .
it means the time it takes for trains to unload/load stuff at that station , yes .
i havent played fifa for a while so this is not 100% but i am pretty sure there is no way to change the camera . all u can do is check the different camera settings in the option menu , and if it is not there then sadly no there is no way to change it . the warm up is mainly for fun and not for real match practice .
only cat and 13 are available i constructed a device for making skeletons to kill creepers in creative . i could get all music discs to be dropped . my test device : the result ( creative ) : however , when i changed the game mode to survival using nbtedit , i could only get cat and 13 ( 20 trials ) . the result ( survival ) : total creeper-related deaths : 17
it appears the bug only appears in the custom loadout editing menu , saving the loadout and starting a mission with it will let you have all the weapons . below is a workaround i devised without realizing this . getting around the bug is possible , though a bit involved . you need to get the weapons to be resolved in the right order - mms before ugs ( this bug happens with most weapons except for hsm and jsm , but i will be referring to the second weapon as ug for simplicity ) . enter plane mastery and select su-37 open custom loadout choose 2 precision missiles , 2 precision bombs and 2 ugs ( or your weapon of choice , substitute pm or pb for ugs if you want them to be in your loadout ) in that order . remove pms and pbs and equip mms . you may also equip hsm , jsm or another weapon that fits the available pylons . save the loadout . open custom loadout to check to see that the weapons are showing up properly , quit menu without saving . start a mission with the custom loadout . you will be missing mms . quit the mission enter hangar . open the custom loadout , mms and ugs will be present . save the loadout . the weapons have now been saved properly , you should be able to start a mission and have all of your weapons . entering the custom loadout menu after doing so will cause mms to disappear again , but do not worry , unless you save the loadout you will still have the missiles available for use in missions .
here is a chart put together by someone on the endless space forums : post : http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?6030-hero-skills-tree chart : http://i.stack.imgur.com/22eao.jpg pilot most abilities key off veteran 1 +movement on fleet +offense and +defense +hp regen on fleet commander abilities scattered everywhere : assailant 1 , defender 1 , 2 , veteran 1-4 lots of battle actions : +crit on kinetics , +block , destroyed ships survive with 5% hp ( ! ) -accuracy to enemy +xp from battle +offense and +defense change assignment every turn corporate most abilities keyed off negotiator 1 and 3 +trade routes and trade route bonuses +20% science off veteran 2 -> dust wielder 1 administrator most abilities keyed off director 1 and 2 +approval ( flat ) +industry ( flat and % ) +food ( flat and % ) +defense off defender 1 adventurer most abilities keyed off veteran 1 > ground pounder 1 and veteran 3 +money leech +blockade bypass +science leech +melee and +offense a few battle actions : +critical on lasers , -defense mods on enemy , illusions other notes : all classes other than the adventurer get a special ability based off dust wielder 1 administrators seem completely overpowered pilots and commanders seem approximately equal for fleets . commander gets better actions , pilots get better passives . corporate and adventurers seem underwhelming , unless i am missing something
no , you cannot ' respec ' . spent points stay spent . however , this matters less than your equipped abilities , which ( once learned ) , can be changed at any time . new skills and abilities are cheap . getting to a basic level of proficiency at which you can comfortably adventure with a new weapon takes a fairly minimal investment . you do not need to max things out to be able to comfortably use that shiny new blade you just decided to switch to , and you can always go back and repeat some easier quests ( all quests can be repeated periodically ) if you need some easy and quick xp . which brings me to . . . skill and ability points are plentiful . seriously , you will be swimming in points early on . more than enough to get a feel for everything that is going on , and easily enough to ' fix ' any early bad decisions you might make . and besides , by the end of the game . . . yes , you can get enough skill points to max out everything . character growth in the secret world has been pitched as ' horizontal , not vertical ' . which is to say that , if you focus on only two weapons , you can max yourself out rather quickly , yes , but there are enough skill points in the game to eventually max out every skill and every ability . after a point , character growth stops being about becoming more powerful , and instead becomes about having more choices . and the best part is that that point is wherever you want it to be . if you are not having fun with a given weapon anymore , you can change it . anytime you want . you might need to duck back to some easier content for a little while , but that is not a big deal anyway .
the default starting number of slots is three . you can purchase more individually , for $9.99 ( us ) each , or get them as part of various packages such as the starter kits .
you have not actually restarted the campaign , you have started playthrough 2 . however see how to get to play-through 1 after starting vault hunter mode ? for information on how to get back to playthrough 1 . but you have not lost anything and will probably want to play playthrough 2 with your buddies instead of continuing playthrough 1: see how do subsequent playthroughs work ? long story short , you will only get better guns and a decent challenge at this point by playing playthrough 2 . your current playthrough progress does not affect your ability to join friends games though ; even if your friends are in a different playthrough or part of the story you can always join their game ( the only risk is enemies may be impossible/crazy easy if your levels are mismatched ) . you can even hop into a dlc campaign you have not started via a friend ( only if you own the dlc of course )
oops . after ten minutes of looking , found the answer as soon as i posted . go to the very east end ( past the doors you have to use open with the terminal ) and then look directly up - there is a small hatch you can grapple to just past the doors .
when your follower " dies " , they enter a pre-death state that generally allows them to come back to full health immediately after battle . however , if they continue to take more damage after entering that state , they will die permanently . if there is a chance your follower is still alive but nowhere to be seen ( for example , if they entered the pre-death state and you ran off , thinking they were dead dead ) , fast traveling to a location should cause the follower to appear back at your side . if fast traveling still does not produce your follower , they are almost certainly fully dead . you can confirm this by trying to pick up another follower : if they agree to come with you , the other follower has ceased to be . sorry about that . the only thing you can do at this point—if you are not keen on loading up an earlier save or using console commands—is to find where your follower died and loot their corpse . if you are amenable to using the console , generally you still need to find where your follower died to ressurrect them : when you do , open the console , target their corpse , and type : resurrect 1  and press enter . however , you can get around even this restriction by selecting the follower by using the prid command anywhere : prid &lt;RefId&gt;  where &lt;RefId&gt; is the id corresponding to the follower , found by using the creation kit or by looking up the follower on uesp . once the follower 's selected , use the resurrect command mentioned above .
if you referred 10.000 friends to league of legends until april 25th 2012 you were able to fly to riot games hq and design a champion with them . source : raf design a champ however this was removed and now there is no official way to suggest riot games champions you " invented " , except for the forum . in the forums you can post under the champion/item feedback section your ideas and hope that it will get lots of upvotes , so a riot employee looks at it , but it is very unlikely that a community-created champion sees the light of summoner 's rift .
they may appear random ( love/hate for example drops from a seemingly random raider captain . annabelle drops from a seemingly random nightkin ) . however , they are not actually random . if you play through it again , you will find the same drops in approximately the same place . the only way to really find them all is to exhaustively search the world . yuck . i do not recommend it . really though , you do not have to go through that hell . the " special " weapons are better than the un-upgraded versions of the normal weapons , but they are not significantly better than the upgraded versions . and some of the best weapons ( the anti-materiel gun , and the fat man ) do not even have special versions . so use what you like , and keep an eye out for weapon mods . one thing i will say : if you are looking for good weapons , expect to jump through a few hoops . it is rare that you can just kill someone and they have got a great weapon ( i like love/hate , and all , but there is a big difference between the elite brass knuckles and the elite gauss rifle , which is a bad example , because that is a drop as well . ) it is more likely you will have to pick a 100 skill lock , or hack a 100 skill computer , and that lock and that computer will probably be significantly off the beaten path .
play smarter ! my favorite vanguard on multiplayer is actually the drell vanguard . they make excellent support without too high of the charge-> nova risk , especially since on later waves its almost suicide to just charge in and have full shields , much less try for the charge-> nova leaving you with no half/shields . pros : strong support with pull spamming . pull is an excellent disabler , and with 200% cooldown ( i just carry a smg , a strong single pistol such as the hand cannon works as well ) , i can spam this none stop . the stagger is also extremely handy against armored pyros and rocket troopers , you can easily keep them from doing anything until your teammates take them down . cluster grenades rock . fully upgraded , these do a lot of damage . just hug a ammo cache or two ( on the harder difficulties your team really has to position themselves near some ammo to be effective ) , to be able to survive for a long time . biotic charge to build up barriers and to mop up small enemies with biotic explosion , do not use it to start a fight since you will be gunned down very quickly . use your missiles wisely . do not just use it on the big atlas that is halfway across the map . only use it when you see one charging at you while your team has to extract some data i.e. has to remain in one spot for a long time . if its just a standard kill all enemies wave , a smart team will be able to kite anything big to conserve the items . cons : weak vs armored targets . you really do not have anything great against armored targets once you run out of cluster grenades . you will have to rely on teammates and just use pull to stagger . if you are the last one alive , you will have to use charge to escape and go from ammo stash to ammo stash for the grenades since all you have for damage is a smg . if you have to play human vanguard , its not bad either , but rather than using the nova offensively , use it defensively . mop up any enemies that get too close to keep your team clean , do not use it to charge halfway across the map into a group of enemies .
i have a play and charge kit with a 4800 mah battery . i did not measure how long exactly it lasts , but i can say that it lasts for quite long . i play up to 10 hours a week , and i charge it in monthly periods . it is been a year since i bought it , and i am still satisfied . another advantage is that you can use your controller while it is getting charged . summarizing , i recommend play and charge kits . imo , they are better than batteries .
yes , any mod that forced players to use a specific texture pack would also require the players to have something locally , to check with the server and see what pack it is using , then download and activate that pack . in minecraft 1.3 , a minecraft server will have the ability to recommend and provide a download of a texture pack .
the same problem had happened to my in the multi . after digging some forum to find what was happening , it is confirmed to be a bug . so we will have to wait for a patch until to use again this deadly weapon .
yes , you can use the psn+ cloud service to transfer all your saved games , including the protected ones , to a new ps3 . i recently did it and it worked a treat ! if you know your old ps3 is dying , sign up and upload those saves as soon as you can . you can use the " data transfer utility " method as well ( see ratchet freak 's answer ) , but i have heard that this operation can take many hours to complete&mdash ; i.e. . your ps3 could die during the operation . using the cloud service is far less risky if your ps3 is on the verge of death .
the biggest issue that i am aware of for mac starcraft 2 is that 10.6.4 makes the game very unstable if you have an nvidia graphics card . it crashed just often enough for me to get annoyed by it , so i re-installed my os and only updated to 10.6.3 . things are much better now ( this is likely the same issue as steam has on 10.6.4 , and probably requires a patch by apple to fix - i am not positive on this , though ) . i am not sure of the technical details of starcraft 2 on the mac , but i think that it is a native client . all of blizzard 's games ( at least dating back to diablo , maybe earlier ) are released on windows and mac , so most likely they have a good build process for building their games cross platform . there is a mac technical support forum for mac-only issues . that forum has a known issues list for the mac client , as well .
queens are mainly casters with 4 main skills : it has the built in parasite spell that enables you to see the same things the host with the parasite can . ( this can be removed only by the medic 's restoration ) it can ensnare a group of units slowing them . this can be used to either prevent them from escaping or slowing their advance . spawn broodlings can also be researched to turn any ground unit into two broodlings , instantly killing the unit in the process . i do not know what mission your playing , but if that is the first mission in brood war , then you are supposed to use spawn broodlings on the ultralisks your about to come across , effectively rendering them useless . alternately you can ensnare them and have your hunter killers have a go at them . last but not least , they can infest a terran command center which turns said command center into a terrorist-training academy for suicidal infested terrans .
one way i guess you can tell which server you played on is by using dotabuff.com . just replace your game id after matches/ . here is an example : http://dotabuff.com/matches/364337412 which gives these details : lobby type : normal matchmaking game mode : all pick region : south korea &lt ; &lt ; - which you interested in duration : 39:13 played : 22 hours ago hope that helps
no , that is not true . according to the official gta 5 checklist . you only need to complete 14 out of 57 random events in order to reach 100% completion . i know i got the 100% trophy without even knowing about the simeon random event .
i just tried all the options in the options menu and it appears to be impossible . and i agree with you , when i first started playing the campaign it irked me a bit that the scores kept loitering on my screen . it is unfortunate , but what can you expect from ea :/
if you turn on online mode , then you cannot pause the game . if you still play alone but online mode is turned on you still cannot pause the game . before starting the game , just turn off all the online possibilities then you can pause game by pressing start .
easy enough to test , or so i thought . my initial approach was to create as many characters as possible , but at a count of 25 i quit : a second approach was to dig in the runic games forums and even there , nothing seemed to be found about the maximum amount of characters one can have . until i found this post : what is the maximum number of characters i can have ? . the answer to that post : unlimited . there seems to be no cap on the amount of characters you can have and there does not seem to be an immediate cap on the amount of characters the game can display . however , that post is for torchlight , not torchlight ii . in my opinion though , it is fair to assume that the same still holds true for torchlight ii . or at least that many that you really will not need that many .
yes , dead targets can send thugs after you . if i remember from looking at the script itself , it triggers right as you steal something and will spawn thugs as one of your next few encounters . if the target is dead , it is incidental as far as the bandits are concerned .
i am a big fan of megaman , so i think i might be able to help . i do not know where you are using the codes but the problem may be that you are using them in the wrong place . in order to use wave commands , you must have a blank card . there are ten blank cards available in the game . the easiest blank card to acquire is by inspecting inside bud bison 's house , press a by his bed . next you will need a wave command card . if you do not have one of these you can make one at home . this link shows how that is done : http://www.freewebs.com/starcarriercodes/ now go to the menu , then click the battle card sub menu ( the one in the center ) and go into your folder ( press the a button ) and select " edit . " go into your card box by pressing right on the d-pad . now sort the cards by pressing the x button and selecting " color . " select the blank card by pressing a . the blank card should be black . select " yes " when geo asks if you want to use your blank card . put the wave command card on the touch screen . and click the letters on the command card corresponding to the code you wish to enter . some codes are not for battle cards , but for zenny . to use those codes , go to the mega screen and press select . omega-xis will ask you if you want to use a wave command card . say yes . then you can enter your code using the wave command card . hope i helped !
luck is a stat that will increase the " level " of items that you find and your gambling output . for example , when you have the " luck foot " that cain starts with , you cannot get " bad " pills such as bad trip , speed down , and other such bad effects . you can however get neutral and good pills like " bad gas " , or health up . i do not recall if explosive diarrhea is considered bad or neutral . you also get many more " victories " when playing blood banks , the shell game , and slot machines .
according to the author of http://www.d3lexicon.com/ , a complete list of all conversations is given here . the data is gathered from the internals of the diablo iii client . you can filter the conversations by " fol " for " follower " at the beginning , then by " en " for " enchantress " , " sc " for " scoundrel " , " tp " for " templar " , and " all " for all of them . example " fol sc en wrld 2 " ( talk between scoundrel and enchantress ) : scoundrel : however did you become so good at charming others ? enchantress : i learned the charm spell long ago and spent many hours practicing it . scoundrel : that is not what i—never mind . example " fol all camp 02 " ( talk between all three followers ) : scoundrel : kormac , anyone can tell that you are lonely . let me help you find a woman . templar : i already told you : i have forsaken the pleasures of the flesh ! how hard can that be for you to understand ? scoundrel : there is no sin in merely talking to a lady , is there ? enchantress : the way you talk , there is . example " fol player en wrld 004 " ( talk between enchantress and player ) : enchantress : the templar is so strange around me at times . player : he is in love with you . enchantress : what ? ! player : you never noticed ? enchantress : no !
bola shot does fire damage by default ( unruned ) , you can add the thunder ball rune for lightning damage when the bola explodes ( from the description , it still does fire damage on the initial hit )
i have found that they can be useful , especially when you first transition to a higher difficulty .
you get the credits , 20,000 xp , and a fountain through which you can return to the normal world . the endermen do stay there . depending on the server mods installed , you can get a new enderdragon using the /spawn command .
no , they will not use poison . however , you could try poisoning a weapon and giving it to your companion if you need it in a tougher fight . otherwise , you are stuck with the normal , unpoisoned weapon your companion uses .
unlike the shadowmere present in oblivion , shadowmere in skyrim is not marked as essential and can die , killing shadowmere works for making it stop following you temporarily . however , 15-20 days later , shadowmere will respawn in the location of death , causing it to start following you again shadowmere just seems invunerable , as it heals at the same rate as damage is applied . the only way to kill shadowmere is to apply enough damage to it so it loses all of it is health in a single blow . if your skills are high enough with a bow , you do not have to one shot shadowmere . by sneaking and applying the 3.0x bonus and critical damage bonus you can use the bound bow or a daedric bow and use about 5 arrows to kill it . the same can be applied to all weapons or magic . be sure to use weapons strong enough that shadowmere 's health regeneration can not keep up with .
make sure you have version 0.2 of the mod or higher . i had the same problem until i found the latest version of the got mod .
in the first game , no . this was a major gripe from fans about the game . they added it in for the rereleased version , but that is japan only . the ability is added in later games , however .
pressing the right-click button on your mouse should get rid of the cursor . if you are talking about the icon that appears in the menu screen , click on the small house icon on the right side of the inventory screen again to get rid of it .
i have not tried it , but i found these commands : GetPos &lt;axis&gt; SetPos &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt; GetAngle &lt;axis&gt; SetAngle &lt;axis&gt; &lt;value&gt;  with explanations near the bottom of this page that might help .
the blacksmith asks if i want light , medium or heavy armor . what equipment do you get if you choose medium ? if you choose light armor , you get imperial light shield ( light armor ) a full set of imperial light armor ( 4 pc ) . if you choose medium armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) imperial studded armor ( light armor - for chest ) the remaining parts of the imperial light armor set ( 3 pc ) . if you choose heavy armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) a full set of imperial heavy armor ( 4 pc ) .
there are apparently 35 distinct mystery box rooms , 20 regular mystery boxes with 1 coin each and 15 gold mystery boxes with 2 coins each for a total of 50 star coins from mystery boxes . more than the single-player maximum star coins of 335 can be earned through streetpass mystery boxes which are duplicates of those 35 rooms . to see all variations , you need to reset the mystery boxes by either waiting 24 hours or changing the date/time on your 3ds .
the gcd ( for instant holy fire ) and the cast time of smite at 0% haste are both 1.5 seconds . haste speeds up all three ( ticks , gcd , smite ) equally up to 50% haste ( when it stops affecting gcd ) . while evaluating less than 50% haste , we can just use ticks instead of seconds . ( gcd = 1.5 ticks , smite = 1.5 ticks ) . according to the formula in this article , extra ticks occur at the following breakpoints . so , unglyphed holy fire breakpoints are : and glyphed holy fire breakpoints are :
as of patch 1.04 on 8/21/2012 , you can now filter by attributes while looking for a specific legendary item , just like a normal search .
yes , it is fine as far as the game files are concerned ; i have done this with an external drive on two different pcs , and after upgrading pcs . a problem does arise however when game saves are stored on the windows partition ; some games do this , some games do not . steam cloud games should be fine either way , but certain games might be looking in ( active windows drive ) \users\my documents or something for saves , so you will end up with 2 save files , one on each os . if this is a problem you might want to look at making junctions so both game saves are accessed at the same location . alternately , if the my documents folder in particular is the problem , i think windows lets you move the location of that without a junction , too .
emblems are special items given by gods when your favor with one of them reaches 1000 . you can garner favor with gods by doing quests ( which often assign a number of favor points to a particular god associated with the task you completed ) or by donating to the shrine of a specific god . donations award xp ( up to a daily cap ) and favor , the amount of which is proportional to the value of the item donated . this particular emblem is gained by donating to the god pot and enables you to learn master chef ii . all emblems are tied to a specific high-level skill which you unlock when you earn the emblem .
link to post ugly formatting but here are the hints . click on the send pet to town icon in your pet 's inventory or near his health badge to send them off to sell your excess items , so that you can keep adventuring . hold alt to see any items scattered on the ground , or toggle this view with the magnifying glass icon . use the mouse-wheel to zoom in and out . clicking the mouse-wheel button will reset your view . holding shift while attacking will force you to remain in place during combat . holding shift while clicking on an item will cause your pet to run and pick it up . holding shift while clicking on an item in a merchant screen will instantly sell or buy it . unidentified items may be identified by using an identify scroll . right-click on the item to identify it if and it will automatically use any identify scrolls you have . left-click on monsters to attack them . hold the left mouse button down to continuously attack . right-click to use your currently assigned skill or spell . you can also use tab to switch between it and an alternate skill , noted on the right skill interface at the bottom of the screen . when you gain a level , remember to assign any points you may have earned to improve your player 's attributes . these attributes increase damage and improve defenses . feed fish to your pet to turn them into creatures with varying abilities , strengths , and weaknesses . press m to toggle the minimap , and use the [ and ] keys to zoom in and out . some equipment can only be used if you meet level or stat requirements . requirements you do not currently meet are displayed in red . if you find yourself dying too much , try to increase your armor . higher armor equipment reduces damage that monsters deal to you . elemental armors , like fire armor , help reduce the elemental damage you take , as well as reducing the chance of harmful effects , like burning . purple damage numbers mean you have ' fumbled ' the attack , which reduces damage . press j to view the arcane statistics panel and learn about this and other combat mechanics . your pet can now buy basic items like potions and scrolls from town . check out the fourth tab in your pet 's inventory to access the shopping list . items purchased this way will be added to your inventory when your pet returns . green items have minor enchantments . blue items are more rare and powerful . gold items are unique and have the best enchantments . purple items are related to quests . holding ctrl while attacking will only move you or use a skill if you have a target highlit . this is useful to prevent inadvertent movement during fast combat . if you find good loot which your character can not use , consider trading it with another player or keeping it in your shared stash for your other characters to use . if you are wielding two similar weapons , like any two melee weapons or two pistols , you have a chance to execute , striking with both weapons at one time . investing in your focus attribute improves this chance . passive skills are always in effect , but sometimes you need to have the right weapon equipped . in multi-player games , the monsters you fight will do more damage to you and take more damage to defeat , based on the numbers of players nearby . those nearby players will also get full experience for each monster killed . in multi-player games , any loot that you find will be visible only to you . feel free to take everything ! the other players will get their own loot . claw weapons are fast , but do not hit adjacent monsters . hammers tend to be slow but interrupt monster attacks and skills . axes do more consistent damage . polearms have longer range . most melee weapons do splash damage , hitting adjacent monsters in an arc in front of you . two-handed weapons have longer and wider arcs and do a larger amount of damage to these splash targets . cannons and shotgonnes attack multiple enemies in wide , but short arcs . crossbows have the longest range . pistols are fast , but have shorter range . bows have an average range . wands and staves do mostly elemental damage , which tends to be useful for embermage skills and perhaps any character investing in focus . remember to feed fish to your pet ! it will make your pet stronger and give you a critical combat boost when the going gets tough . look for fishing holes in the wilderness . the damage you do is reduced by your target 's armor ; more armor means less damage . attacks can score a critical hit , doing extra damage . check the arcane statistics panel for more combat details . most enchanters can enchant any item two times . others are more skilled and can grant a third or fourth enchantment ! enchanters can also remove existing enchantments allowing items to be enchanted again . do not save your ember for later ! use them in any piece of equipment with an open socket . you will find better varieties soon , and the ancient art of combining gems to make better ones has been lost in this era . higher level monsters do more damage and have more armor and health . these key combat statistics make fighting monsters above your own an increasingly difficult task . the z key will drink your best health potion . the x key will drink your best mana potion . shift + z key will heal your pet instead of you . press the [ space bar ] to quickly close any currently open interface panels . if no panels are open , instead it will access your inventory and character panels . when quest items are picked up , they are stored in your quest log [ q ] , not in your inventory . fire damage can randomly cause enemies to burn , doing extra damage over 3 to 7 seconds . burning bypasses armor and is good for taking down tougher enemies . ice damage can randomly cause enemies to freeze , slowing their attacks , skills and movement by 33% for 3 to 4 seconds . electrical damage has a chance to randomly shock enemies for 3 to 5 seconds . when you hit a shocked target , the impact releases 3 small charged bolts that can strike multiple targets up to10 meters away . poison damage has a chance to randomly poison enemies , reducing their armor and damage dealing by 33% for 3 to 5 seconds .
yes , it is possible . you need to create a lan game and then you can specify the difficulty there . a couple of important notes : if you tick " reroll world " it will generate a whole new world but i think quest progress is still saved . also , i have heard tell that even if you do not reroll the world that all the monsters in your lan game will be respawned . i have not done this yet so i can not give you my experiences . here is a forum thread at the official torlight 2 forums explaining this .
looks like you have stumbled across the medieval mode map degroot keep . medieval mode is a game mode added to tf2 during the australian christmas event with the december 17 , 2010 update . the game play is different with only non-ranged weapons ( apart from bows or crossbows ) allowed , amongst other changes including " ye olde english " for chat , for example : " it was " gets replaced by "'twas "
solution found ! ( sort of . ) first , i tried running gw2.exe -image and -repair , which did not make any difference . however , i remembered that i had set " interface size " under the graphics options to " large . " setting the interface size back to normal resolved the issue . upon further testing , " small " , " normal " , and " larger " settings all display the punctuation correctly -- only " large " seems to produce the issue for some reason .
within the game at the character selection screen , click on " play cinematic " ( the one with the clapboard icon at bottom left ) : then your desired video " hope " = republic " deceived " = imperial " return " = intro if you want to watch the videos outside of the game on your computer , you can use rad video tools to play the .bik files in the movies directory ( see below for what they are named ) . the better alternative , as it is more convenient to share and replay as you can actually scrub through the video and replay bits ( neither of which you can do with the above two methods ) , would be to just watch them on youtube . intro ( Movies/en-us/game_intro.bik ) : republic ( Movies/en-us/rep_intro.bik ) : imperial ( Movies/en-us/imp_intro.bik ) :
i found i could find specific spots standing on rocks in the area where i could shoot at them from range and they could not hit me . finding one of those locations and using ranged attacks might be your best bet if you are having trouble .
( tl ; dr version in bold ) there are many national wonders that require a certain building in all of your non-puppet cities , the national college being one of them . if you complete the wonder and only then settle a new city , there is no problem - the wonder is still there even if the new city is missing the required building . if you are in the middle of the wonder construction , the construction will halt , and you will be forced to choose a different production project . however , the wonder construction will retain its progress , so once the new city gets the required building ( and that can happen immediately , if you just buy it ) , you can continue working on it from the point you stopped . well , technically there is a production " decay " - i believe that if you do not continue working on the wonder for 50 turns , then it starts slowly losing progress . i always manage to get those buildings long before the decay kicks in , though . as an aside , as far as i know , the production decay is not exclusive to interrupted buildings . if you just switch a construction project by your own volition , it also applies - the progress will remain for 50 turns ( 10 for units ) , and then decay . this is different with interrupted world wonders ; you cannot continue working on them , so instead you are reimbursed with gold .
yes , the console command to immediately force quit the game is qqq
it is the middle three people , but you are right on how on how to kill them : tactic : mark the 3 hvts for your teammates and give the command for a synched shot . all of them will be dead within a second . if you have problems to locate one of the hvts then throw motion sensors . source also watch this video on how to do it .
the ur-dragon is in fact what equates to the end game challenge of dragon 's dogma . once you have defeated the great red named grigori and the everfall has opened itself within the capital city of gran soren , it is possible to fight the ur-dragon along with many other extremely powerful foes found within the everfall . the everfall is essentially just that , a never ending tunnel into the heart of the world that loops into itself , allowing you to fall to the heart of the world and resume the fall from the sky far above the capital . making landing upon one of the many terraces within the everfall the only way to escape the never-ending loop . upon these terraces are portal 's to another plane of existence , the same world , a different reality . in one of these other realities you will come upon the ur-dragon . the fight is hard . this specific fight has a 10 minute timer on it which is not shown but which will inevitably force the dragon to disengage and fly away after the time is up , thus requiring multiple attempts to fully destroy the dragon . the ur-dragon does not regain health between encounters and is practically impossible to kill in 1 fight even in offline mode where his health never increases . in online mode , every time the ur-dragon is defeated , rewards are split between everyone that helped to defeat him , with better rewards being given to those who did at least a certain percent of the ur-dragon 's life in damage , and even better rewards being awarded to the player who delivered the killing blow . along with the rewards that players earn for killing the ur-dragon online , the next ur-dragon that spawns is stronger and has more health than the previously defeated ur-dragon . once you have completed the game and started a new game + with your original character , there is a much easier way to reach the ur-dragon via the solitary riftstone located within the starfall bay ( that little cove on the south side of the village ) in cassardis .
try checking the black cat merchant in gran soren
the " definition of insanity " solution there appears to be a glitch in hearthfire where giving your kids clothes can make them naked . the solution to this appears to be to give them more clothes . it is possible that an unrelated glitch made them naked in the first place , and then giving them clothes made them naked-er . giving them another set might be enough to fix the problem . the " abandonment " solution many bugs in skyrim can be rectified by leaving the area long enough that the area resets . for this to work , you have got to leave the house ( and the general area - get far away for best results ) and then take it easy for about 10 consecutive days . you will not win any parent-of-the-year awards , but you might get your kids clothes back on them . the " put that down " solution if you are playing on pc , you can try emptying out their inventory and then giving them clothes again to see if they will wear them . as always , back up your save before playing with the console ! open the console by pressing the ~ key click on the child . enter the command removeallitems player - this will put everything in the child 's inventory into yours . disable the child with disable enable the child with enable now try giving them their clothes back , and seeing if they put them on .
a succubus is generally a creature of legends . a demon that takes the form of a woman and seduces men - for , depending on the lore , different motivations . in the case of vindictus , the succubus in the game can indeed perform an action that very closely matches this : casts a charm on the player , forcing them to collapse . she then mounts her prey and caresses their body , dealing damage while placing drained energy on her opponent . in conclusion , the succubus just does what a succubus does : it tries to seduce the opponent as a battle technique .
spoiler below ! ! ! you eventually get a quest in three horns valley , called " no vacancy " . scooter goes on to explain that the motel got wiped out by someone : the quest states : you found the abandoned happy pig motel . scooter has asked you to turn the town 's power back on so you can use the motel 's vending machines and bounty board . objective : turn in steam pump . quest spoiler : you find out that the steam pump is not functioning because it is broke . scooter then tells you to collect some parts to fix the steam pump : steam valve capacitor gearbox you get this quest from an echo recorder pinned to the deactivated bounty board .
they are obtained in parts of the main story ; one in the early sanctuary missions and one is unlocked : when you get back to sactuary after it takes off . if i remember correctly . the relic/class mod/grenade mod/shield slots are only locked during the tutorial , they are unlocked extremely early . you never have to do anything but complete story missions to unlock the slots .
in my experience , it will even out the teams with the advantage going to survivors . in other words , if you have 4 players in a lobby and all go random , it will put 2 players as survivor and 2 players as infected . if you have 5 players in a lobby and all go random , it will put 3 on survivors and 2 on infected , with the next player to join filling in the vacant spot to even out the teams .
deal of the week is not the only way prices are reduced on xbla . there are more : there was also a christmas promotion ( a game a day ) last year and xbla inventory blowout this year . major nelson is a good ( and an advance ) source of such information : major nelson 's deal tag
some combination of rebooting and verifying the integrity of the game cache via steam sorted it out .
right , i have hit the achievement , and here 's the info : i have now counted 16 monitors in chapter 8 , but you can ignore the first 5 , so you need to break all the monitors from the one found in the test chamber numbered 1/19 , up to the start of chapter 9 . instruction for breaking each monitor : chamber 1 move the cube to the lower section of the level . use a ceiling-floor loop to get the cube to high speed then fling it from the opposite wall to the monitor . chamber 2 move a cube to the ceiling using the vertical funnel position that forms the normal solve of the level and drop the funnel to fling the cube at the monitor from the wall in front of it . chamber 3 another cube fling , either using a ceiling-floor loop or funnel to get the cube up to speed for the fling . chamber 4 you need to sneak round to behind the turret ( i managed to run to the wall next to it before it could kill me , wait and then run again ) and carry the turret towards the monitor . as long as you do this with the turret being " ok " ( ie , do not let it shut-down ) then it will target and shoot the monitor for you . you might have to put it down ( as long as it lands correctly ) . chamber 5 ( has 2 monitors ) the closest monitor is broken by flinging a cube from the opposite wall using a vertical funnel in the centre . place the launching portal directly under where the funnel hits the wall to ensure you are on target . the second monitor only appears when you reach the exit door , and is broken by the same method but by flinging the cube from the far-right space on the angled launch pad opposite . chamber 6 just step on the aerial faith plate to launch yourself at the monitor . chamber 11 once you have set up your laser ( for completing the level ) instead place the exit portal on the wall facing the monitor near the target point for the laser . then maybe tweak the angle of the laser with the box to point it at the monitor for a few seconds . chamber 12 when you are setting up the laser to aim at it is target , just point it right a bit ( at the monitor ) for a few seconds . chamber 15 i did this with a double-fling of myself . set a on the opposite wall and one of the floor below it , step in to the one on the floor then fall in to the one on the floor again - this second fall should give you the speed to fling across for the break . chamber 16 this one was quite difficult , but basically you have to get hold of a turret and get that to shoot the monitor ( as per chamber 4 ) . first , i used blue gel to remove two of the turrets ( instead of all three as you would to solve the chamber ) . then i carefully placed a portal on only half of where the funnel is hitting the wall and linked it to one on the floor - this means the funnel does not " pass through " the portal , so you can effectively sit on that wall . from here you can shoot the other portal in to the wall above the turrets , then reposition the portal that is misaligned on the funnel 's wall to let the funnel through . then you can ride the funnel and drop down on top of the turret . additional monitor once you have started chapter 9 , when wheatley tells you that you are getting close to his lair , you can blow up the monitor using the falling bombs ( this is the room that he tries to kill you with the spike plate and conveyor belt ) . please note that this does not contribute to the achievement .
very few buildable things in dwarf fortress block movement . as you witnessed yourself , tables and chairs are casually ignored . there are two principle items that block movement ( nothing slows movement , unless the dwarf is carrying something particularly heavy , like an elephant cage ) constructions -- specifically walls . dwarves can not go through walls , natural or constructed ( duh ! ) . also included in this category are flood gates , bars ( horizontal or vertical , for their respective directions ) , raised bridges , and locked doors / hatches . statues , windows , etc . workshops -- the specifics of which workshops block which spaces varies greatly based on the workshop itself . do mind the jeweler 's workshop , one of the few workshops to block the three leftmost squares of the workshop 's 3x3 grid ; more than one dwarven overseer has accidentally locked their poor jeweldwarves inside 3x3 rooms when they arrived to construct the workshop .
there are a few differences between the two modes . enemies do more damage and have better ai enemies have upgraded equipment no counterattack indicator you start off with all the upgrades from your normal/hard playthrough . riddler trophies also carry over . the only " tangible " reward you get for completing the game in new game+ mode are the two achievements twice nightly , for finishing new game+ , and perfect knight - day 2 , the requirements for which are listed in the question i just linked . otherwise , it is just there if you want to play through the game again with more challenge .
there are a lot of mercenaries , but each is unique . once jenassa is killed , there will not be another jenassa , or another mercenary to recruit in this tavern . and yes , you could theoretically hire and kill them all , and run out of mercenaries to hire .
i do not want to spoil the game much , but in late-game you will have certain big ufos turn up that you may or may not be ready for . these will not be taken down by your interceptors so easily and a few showings from these might even lead to your entire interceptor fleet getting wiped out or them being just plain useless . this will cause you to leave some of these ufos alone without doing anything . this usually has a repercussion of them attacking the satellites . a successful satellite take down will increase panic in the country by 2 points . again , this may or may not overwhelm you with panic-stricken countries , depending on how well you stand in game . so when you do reach this stage you want to have those satellites survive so that they do not drive panic up anymore than you want . this is the only reason you would want stealthy satellites . personally i would rather have satellites in stock ready to launch so that when one gets taken down i can launch another and get panic reduction in the area . especially effective if panic is almost maxed out in the area .
the only role that can viably buy an early vampiric scepter is a jungler . this is because lifesteal procs off auto attacks , and in early game you should not be auto attacking creeps because it will push your lane too much . one of the main ideas behind stacking doran 's is that it provides a cheap advantage for early game harrasment . if two champions with similar base stats are harassing each other , the champ with 2 doran 's will have greater sustain in lane and most likely will win the harrasments . having more health allows you to win the skirmishes against your opponent , survive jungler ganks , last hit easier , and stay in the lane after a failed jungle gank or harassment . this does put you behind for getting your first big purchase item , however given that a b . f . sword ( the most common big purchase for ad champs ) is 1550g , spending an early 475g on a second doran 's , and consequently getting greater cs ( note that after ~25 cs the dorans has paid for itself ) and champ kills , can actually allow you to get that b . f . sword sooner .
to defend embarked units in vanilla : remember that they do not die in one hit in general , they just can be destroyed by naval units that " walk " into them . in other words , ranged attacks do not always insta-kill them . remember that moving from a hex adjacent to one of your ship to another hex adjacent to one of your ships will deplete the entire turn for the enemy ship - in other words , if you keep your navy in front with gaps of two hexes or less , you can effectively block enemy ships from moving into your embarked units . if you get really frustrated , play as songhai - their embarked units can defend themselves , so naval units can no longer " just move " into them - though they still suffer heavy damage . things are very different in g and k : all embarked units can defend themselves , same way the songhai units can in vanilla . you can stack naval units on top of embarked units , defending them . you can use melee naval units to conquer cities , so you do not have to deploy melee ground units for that . in general , the naval combat in g and k is significantly revised , especially with the separation of naval units into melee and ranged units .
to reach 100% completion you also have to complete new game plus , which is harder . the side missions are re-activated so you can redo them if you want . however , this is not necessary as missions in the first playthrough already count towards 100% .
went ahead and tried it myself , eventually . you can lay a claymore on the belt and it stays put .
apparently , steam installs an incompatible version of games for windows . uninstall " microsoft games for windows – live redistributable " , " microsoft games for windows marketplace " and then reinstall them from here .
the game levels around you but when you end up seeing is different types of creatures ( draugr thralls at level 1 for example and draugr wights at level 13 ) instead of the same creatures of different levels ( a thrall that is level 1 or level 13 ) . kind of building off of what zig-zag has said , you simply need to learn them . if you do not want to use an outside source or the console commands ( if available to you on the pc ) , then all you have is trial and error . however , if you want to look this information up then i would point you to the uesp skyrim bestiary . this contains links to all the major types of creatures and on their specific pages you are given level information so you can see what names of creatures your spells will be able to affect . it is honestly too much information to copy and paste here but maybe someone will amass a table of it all ( despite se not having good table support ) .
do not underestimate the power of ; player morale team chemistry i have gone through the same before and noticed a couple of midfielders with either poor morale , fitness , or chemistry . formation tweaks , and fitness/morale cards saved the day .
there is currently a mod out , pise -improved skyrim experience which at least attempts to spawn more and harder enemies : generally , the spawns for creatures should , on average , be increased by 50% . level caps are raised 6-8 levels above normal for a certain list . however , skyrim uses multiple techniques to spawn enemies and some of them are not amenable to simple spawn count increase via modifications to the leveled lists , so this mod does not work in all cases .
according to the wiki yes , there is a way to tell by their names : red dragons : these dragons have appeared in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . their bodies have a greyish tone with a light grey underbelly . yol ( fire ) is their breath attack . green dragons : these dragons have appeared in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . they have black skin with a distinct green glow . commonly found in forested areas , they can use the raan shout ( animal alligiance ) to call nearby animals to their aid . frost dragons : frost dragons appear in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . frost dragons are white with massive protruding black spikes coming out of their back . they predominatly use fo ( frost ) breath that deals damage , slows the player down , and reduces stamina . blood dragons : blood dragons appear in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . they are recognized by their green-grey , crowned head , and large fan formation on the end of their tail . they become common at level 15-16 , and use yol ( fire ) and fo ( frost ) breath attacks . elder dragons : elder dragons appear in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . orangeish in color can use either yol ( fire ) or fo ( frost ) . these attacks are generally strong and debilitating . their tails can rend a forcefull hit and have the spade shape at the tip . ancient dragons : ancient dragons appear in skyrim after the emergence of alduin . these dragons have a tremendous amount of health and can use either yol ( fire ) or fo ( frost ) as the elder dragons do . just as elder dragons they have a spade shaped tail tip . skeleton dragons : skeleton dragons appear in skyrim . they are usually in dungeons , caves , and any underground structure with draconic lore . although flightless , they are still dangerous . one such dragon appears inside labyrinthian . these dragons do not have dragon souls . dragons that use fire based attacks are 50% more resistant to fire based attacks although 25% weaker when faced with frost based attacks . vice-versa for frost breathing dragons using those clues , you can try to discern what type they are before you are fully engaged but most dragons seem to be of either type , so there is no easy way to tell unless you spot them fighting something else .
after spoiling myself and watching a few videos on youtube i can say that yes , that is all that can be explored in the demo version . what the demo fails to explain is that actually you start a " level " by reaching its starting sector in free roam through the game 's world . that is , the full version does not yank you to a level selection screen after rescuing the first crew member . the opening in the pink area allows for further exploration .
summon arniel 's shade is a powerful spell indeed . it costs 0 magicka and is immune to physical attacks . i am not sure if the 0 cost was intended but it is certainly known . this is the end of the quest .
i have taken this information from the japanese strategy guide and various japanese ds2 wikis . here is a looooong list of fusions , broken down by tribe : omega Vile + Megami, Snake + Deity, Tyrant + Megami, Tyrant + Fallen, Touki + Kishin, Fiend + Tyrant, Hero + Vile, Hero + Kishin  megami deity vile snake dragon divine avian fallen avatar beast wilder genma fairy tyrant kishin touki jaki femme ghost Avatar + Dragon, Wilder + Beast, Fairy + Omega, Tyrant + Dragon, Kishin + Wilder, Jaki + Fairy, Femme + Dragon, Hero + Fiend  if you combine two demons of the same tribe you will get an element demon : erthys ( earth ) Fallen + Fallen Wilder + Wilder Tyrant + Tyrant Jaki + Jaki Ghost + Ghost  aeros ( air ) Vile + Vile Divine + Divine Avian + Avian Genma + Genma Fairy + Fairy  aquans ( aqua ) Megami + Megami Snake + Snake Avatar + Avatar Kishin + Kishin Femme + Femme Fiend + Fiend  flaemis ( flame ) Omega + Omega Deity + Deity Dragon + Dragon Beast + Beast Touki + Touki Hero + Hero  here is the mitama fusion chart ( unlocked in the new game+ ) : saki mitama ( vit ) Flaemis + Aquans  kusi mitama ( agi ) Aquans + Flaemis Aeros + Aquans  ara mitama ( str ) Erthys + Aquans Aeros + Flaemis  nigi mitama ( mag ) Erthys + Aeros  there are specific and unique demon combinations , but they are too numerous to name . xp
the difference is largely what it sounds like , the combat drone does more damage than the defense drone , but it offers less utility and survivability , and is less effective at drawing fire away from you . the combat drone is focused on dealing damage to the enemy , and it is upgrades reinforce this by improving it is damage output directly . the combat drone can also be deployed at fairly long ranges , allowing it to be used offensively . however , be careful placing a combat drone out under fire - they can be destroyed , and without upgrades , are fairly fragile . by contrast , the defense drone will stay close to tali , and only attack targets that come into range . it is damage output is fairly low , but it is attacks will stun opponents , and upgrades will increase its range and utility , allowing it to stun more targets , more often , at longer ranges , and adding the potential for a knockdown . most importantly , the defense drone cannot be killed , making it an excellent ' passive ' source of extra damage if you are not interested in managing and actively targetting power use . tl ; dr : use a combat drone to kill things before they reach you . use a defense drone to keep them busy so you can kill them if they get too close .
well , according to the wiki article , it is totally random : all strongholds are located at random in a radius between 640 and 1152 blocks from the origin , 0/0 . due to the generation algorithm , the stronghold proper may extend further in or out of that circle . the three strongholds are spawned at equal angles from the center point of the world ( that is , each stronghold is 120 degrees from the others , measured from the origin . ) strongholds are still limited to 3 in a world . [ 1 ] they can be located using an eye of ender . this was not enough to definitively conclude anything , though , so i decided to look into the source code . here 's a snippet : that code determines the allowed biomes for a stronghold . you will notice that it includes a great variety of biomes . ( this code is from 1.1 , so jungle is not in there , but it probably is in 1.2.3 . ) the rest of the code is fairly uneventful , and includes no biasing or weighting to a certain biome . so no , swamps have the same probability as any other biome to generate a stronghold .
comparison between sprinting and sprint-jumping based on tests on a superflat world ( results will vary if you have to jump to cross terrain ) . sprinting : 100 blocks in 17.7 sec ( ~5.650 m/s ) , traveled 770 blocks till lost sprint from hunger ( killed myself to reset hunger ) . 770 blocks at 5.650 m/s would take 2:16 . sprint-jumping : 100 blocks in 14.3 sec ( ~6.993 m/s ) , traveled 400 blocks till lost sprint from hunger ( killed myself to reset hunger ) . traveling the same 770 blocks as above took 1:57 , including stopping to eat once . thus it would appear that sprint jumping offers a large enough speed boost that it more than offsets the need to eat more often .
it is a base 25 numbering system that is broken up into 5 groups of 5 symbols . once you know the symbols for 0 - 4 , the symbols for 5 - 9 , 10 - 14 , 15 - 19 , and 20 - 24 are the same , but they will have a modifier for 5 , 10 , etc . added to them . 14 is the symbol for 4 and the symbol for 10 superimposed . here is a more comprehensive article on it , with pictures for the numbers .
magickapedia says that there is only 20 levels . so any more than this is probably a hack . there have been issues where ( as of 1.3.4.0 ) where chapter 3 only includes the end boss fight . the temporary fix for this includes editing the xml documentation to state what level to start at . it would not surprise me if the challenge xml files can be edited as well . possibly to have multiple low enemy levels or high point enemies with added player advantages .
if i understand you correctly , you need to create a set of units quickly for 2 players and they run a battle with them against 1 ai . then you can go to arqades and find " hots unit tester online " map ( i can not be sure about other servers , but it is on europe server and i saw it on american server ) . then it is quite self explanatory , you can change terrain and choose units for both sides , and choose upgrades for them . also you have help button . once you put everything you need you can run it , taking control of one side .
instructions identify cheaters early on in the game , if possible . cheaters often have absurd win and loss records , i.e. 100 wins and no losses . they usually will have hacked the game to give them use of unlimited items . for example , if you are hit with a blue shell early in the race and no one has had time to even reach the first item box , you are probably dealing with a cheater . quit out of matches against cheaters . if you are able to identify a cheater before the match starts by looking at his win/loss record , then quit out before the match starts . if you quit out before the match starts you will not receive a loss . if the match has already started , quit out anyway . attempting to race against cheaters at all rewards their behavior . report the problem to nintendo . although there is not any official way to deal with cheating in mario kart , i.e. by banning the hackers , the nintendo tech support forum suggests that you fill out an online customer service form so nintendo can investigate . fill out all the pertinent information that you can remember about the match such as method of cheating and the player 's name . a link to the form is available in the resources section . source and here is a link for a nintento form .
i think i figured it out . i accidentally had one of the pipes connected to the side , and cobblestone would get input in the output slot ( although this can not be done manually , feels buggy to me ) . i changed the pipes to avoid that , and it solved the problem .
no , it is not possible at all to run rollercoaster tycoon 2 in windowed mode . the only thing i could think of , while drastic , is running the game in a virtual machine like virtualbox or just windows 7 's xp mode and thereby ' faking ' windowed mode . i am not sure what that'll do to performance though .
if you have a bounty in an area some people may try and kill you . clear all your bounties and go back , hopefully it will have sorted itself out . on pc you can clear them with a console command . there is some good info about bounties here it also includes how random citizens / thugs etc can attack you due to bounty
you will accumulate culture points even if you already have enough points to buy a policy . this can be very important strategically : if you build the cristo redentor wonder ( or are close to building it ) you should wait to buy your policy until after it is complete , in order to gain the 33% discount . if you build or annex more cities the cost of future policies goes up , so you should purchase your next policy before obtaining a new city . as far as not wanting any of the currently available policies , sometimes you have to just take a non-ideal policy to open up future policies you do care about .
i started with settlers 2 , and imo it was the best . i have played 3-5 , kinda slacked off with 6 and 7 . if you do not mind old ones , try this one out . you do not have to do the actual settlers 2 , as that will not run on modern computers , but you can look for the settlers ii 10th anniversary . it is a complete remake , exact same game play just with updated graphics and runs on newer computers . or you could just dive in with 7 and see how you like it , imo if you start with 2 , you will see how it was originally meant to be . 3-4 stayed pretty close to the original , but after that they started doing it quite a bit differently , and i personally did not like the changes . i did a quick search , and you might be able to buy it from here . there is a demo , and that would give you a good picture of it , and perhaps take you into 7 .
the pet is automatically associated with your battle .netaccount when you register your starcraft ii collector 's edition cd key . you cannot give it away . if someday you do decide to play world of warcraft , you will have a shiny new mini-thor waiting for you in your mailbox . it is awesome , by the way .
when you purchase a game from xbla , that game is licensed in 2 ways : to the account you purchase with it . to the machine that you purchase it on . seeing as you purchased those games on another machine , that is why it is requiring you to be online to verify those games are licensed to your account . what you need to do is transfer content licenses to your console . it is a multi-step process , and you need to be with your new machine as you might need the console id , but it is fairly painless and quick . the full instructions and some videos for the license transfer are found at www.xbox.com/drm.
if you are extremely distant from the objective , the waypoint system will indicate the closest node with a yellow chalice icon . when closer , you can hit tab to pull up the map overlay and drag it around to find a direction/destination .
the shopkeeper is outside , around the left side of the building .
without access to console/mods you are on your own to recheck all locations , note that there are few issues and in some cases they can be helpful . periodically , some stones apparently respawn at their initial place , such as the one in jarl elisif the fair 's quarters ( ps3/xbox ) . in calixto 's house of curiosities , it may be possible to obtain a stone at calixto 's museum on one of the shelves if every other location has been exhausted without obtaining all twenty-four ( xbox ) . there is a delay between when you click on the stone and when the stone is added to your inventory . if you click on a stone multiple times before it actually picks up , you will receive one stone but the quest will count it as two or more . this can be used to complete the quest faster as it does not affect the ability to move forward . if the stone of barenziah in reeking cave cannot be found beside the dead mage after applying patch 1.4 , a glitch will need to be utilized to reaccess the thalmor embassy and pick it up from its original location . this bug has been found in all versions of the game , and videos to resolve the situation are available on youtube . for some reason , the gem may not appear on the counter where it supposed to sit in fellglow keep . the stone in wuunferth the unliving 's quarters may not be there after the quest blood on the ice . as of now , there is no known fix to this . for gems found inside dungeons where you might be fighting npcs - they can be knocked off their table , shelf , pedestal or whatever by spells , arrows , bodies running into them , walking over them etc . and sometimes fall into inaccessible locations like a deep furrow in the ground or underneath furniture . in such a case , you may need to return to the area after a few in-game days and hope that the item locations are reset back to where they were at initially . if somehow you are able to use mods these should do what you need , though i can not guarantee how they react when you have already found most of the stones . . . be careful with saved games . http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=9385 http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=13274
players whose name is displayed in red in the post-game score screen have already been flagged as afk ( which means they have been automatically disconnected , most of the time ) . you can also report a player for being afk if the server failed to notice . players who run in circles at their fountain to bypass afk detection can be flagged this way . players who have been flagged as afk , be it automatically or manually , are then handled by leavebuster ( not the tribunal ) . see how exactly does leave buster work ? . there is no way to make sure they will be punished . you have to trust leavebuster for that .
" how abrupt " depends entirely on the particular chunks in question , and is impossible to predict to boot . there is really no way to know until you try for yourself . if you are unsure you want the potentially very obviously misaligned chunks , you can always backup your world before deleting it , reverting if the border does not line up particularly smoothly .
as raven dreamer says , only " classic " wow zones were updated with cataclysm , although some experienced much more profound alterations than others . in terms of starting areas : alliance side : a new worgen character experiences the siege of gilneas by the forsaken , during which time he or she is bitten by one of the numerous worgen running amok in the city . quests here focus on saving the people of your falling kingdom while coming to terms with your new identity as a half-human . this is a dramatic story with lots of phasing and atmosphere . a new human character appears outside stormwind and will help restore order in the aftermath of the cataclysm : your main opponents are hogger 's riverpaw thugs and the low-level minions of the current end-game antagonists , the twilight 's hammer . there are some fun and funny quests , but it was nowhere near as dramatic or interesting as the worgen opening , in my mind . a new dwarf appears in an isolated settlement southwest of ironforge and must train and prepare for the trip out of the backwoods and into the alliance . most of the combat at this point was against local flora and fauna , rather than major organized factions , although i think at least one of beast-men tribes—snobolds , perhaps ? —is getting support from one of deathwing 's elemental underlings . a new gnome appears in gnomeregan ; my understanding is that it is just been retaken by the gnomes , and a new player has to deal with isolated pockets of resistance before going up against a major mechanized rebellion . have not actually played this one , yet . a new night elf will explore darnassus while learning about kaldorei culture , before beginning a very antagonistic relationship with a particular satyr , who starts you off on quite the campaign of corruption-chasing through northern kalimdor . i enjoyed these quests , but like all classic races , they were not nearly as dramatic as the cataclysm-exclusive races . the draenei starting area is still unchanged from the burning crusade . horde side : a new goblin character is an up-and-coming executive on an isolated goblin utopia . you will get a fast car and some flunkies and clear out as many obstacles as you can to becoming the next trade prince—but the cataclysm will destroy your entire civilization and leave those of you who tried to escape stranded on an island where you will gradually be introduced to the horde and your destiny as their premiere artillery faction . incredible use of drama and phasing ; easily the most personal quests i have experienced . if you can stomach the playful use of anachronism and satire , this is some of the best that world of warcraft has to offer . a new orc has to help survey areas affected by the cataclysm and reassert orcish control of durotar and surrounding regions . it is been such a long time since i played this that i can not honestly remember too much about it . a new troll gets to see the newly reclaimed senjin village and deal with increasing tension between the orcs and the other races of the horde , while simultaneously putting up with human coastal invaders ( i am assuming ) . have not played this one yet . a new tauren must deal with the rift that garrosh hellscream caused by killing cairne bloodhoof , but i do not know much more than that , as i have not played this opening yet . a new forsaken will learn what life is like for the unliving while trying to make the transition easier for the newly undead—including lilian voss , whose powers are certainly unusual . there is a lot of worgen and scarlet outposts that you have to deal with , and a lot of tension with the rest of the horde as you perpetuate sylvanas 's plans to chemically conscript as many human settlements as possible in the vicinity . the blood elf area has also not been changed . that is all i have got , at the moment . i may be able to update with more information as i continue playing and researching .
xna is built on .netso there is probably some clue as to what issue is in the event log . you will find the event log under administrative tools in the control panel ( viewable when control panel is set to " small icons" ) .
here , i just made one for you , based on information available from the actual game files . click the image to see a larger version ! notes : this is updated up to the june 2011 patch and dlcs ; however , unique units always upgrade in exactly the same way as the units they replace , so if some unique unit is missing from the chart above you can just find out what it replaces to see how it upgrades . gun units and melee units are not the same - in particular , they differ in some promotions , you can check my promotion chart which uses the same icons . the giant death robot is indeed considered an armor unit . missiles , bombs and ss parts are non-upgradable ( and removed from the chart for brevity ) .
some tips for oblivion : watch what skills you assign as your primary skills , your characters level up when you advance enough in your primary skills , which causes everything in the game to level up to keep pace . this is a part of the game design . however , if your skills are poorly chosen , you could end up in a situation where the enemies are all very strong and tough while you do not have enough combat skills to handle them all and effectively , get stuck with the game . this is also very important if you do not understand the stat gain multipliers at each level . you do not want to end up with 3 +1s in your stats per level since you will be severely hampered as a result . read up about it here . stealth is actually quite easy and powerful in oblivion if you combine it with alchemy . a well aimed poisoned arrow ( with the proper poison ) can often take out your target with 1 shot . alchemy components are all over the country side , just grab whatever you can get your hands on while travelling to places . if you want the ability to make spells/enchant items , you will have to join the mages guild . this requires you to go through a series of quests ( most are fairly easy ) , and you will collect a bunch of free spells as you do so . making spells gives you the chance to create training spells , which is great way to level up your magic skills . for example , to improve destruction , make a destruction spell that does 1 fatigue damage for 1 second on self and spam that to level up . since you will be a thief , a big source of income in the game is stealing . however , you can not sell your stolen loot until you find a fence , which requires you to join the thieves guild . ask around the imperial marketplace to figure out how to do that . join the fighters guild ( yes you can join all the guilds at the same time ) to pick up some free healing potions from their chests . do not be afraid to run away . especially early game , if you see a big orc bandit run at you with a 2 handed hammer , its prudent at that point to run away as fast as possible unless you are familiar and skilled with combat . better yet , run for the nearest imperial guard and have them take out the orc and loot the corpse if you can : ) the wiki link that ragnar posted is probably your best resource for looking up references , but the game is best learned by playing and enjoying it .
you have got two misunderstandings which lead to your question or " problem": first of all , the storylines in eso are not just " quest follows quest till you are done " . they are offered at intervalls . this includes the main quest , the fighters guild and the mages guild so far . you will typically be notified by some kind of missive or similar dialog that a new quest/step is available to you . these are not missable , so you do not have to worry about them . main story : in the beginning , the prophet will appear before you once you pass specific locations in towns , for example some gate or bridge . he will appear and attempt to talk to you . later on you will be invited by other means , e.g. by a banekin , but the overall concept stays the same . you can not miss him . even if you just ran past him , you will still get the quest added to your quest journal . fighters guild : bera moorsmith will approach and follow you for a short time if you have got a new quest waiting for you and you approach any fighters guild hall in one of the bigger cities . she will send you to the proper guild hall to continue . mages guild : similar to the prophet some mage ( spoiler ) will appear once you pass specific landmarks or positions . he will greet you and tell you to go to some specific guild hall . and second , you are misunderstanding your argonian friend . argonians have a quite limited vocabulary due to their origins etc . without elaborating too much about this , it is pretty easy to notice - especially while playing in the ebonheart pact . this is most likely due to their isolation in black marsh . some might know more words in cyrodiilic ( the language your character perceives as english , german , or french ) , but that is different from argonian to argonian . for example , the argonians lack a variety of names for bodies of water . due to this they will generally refer to water as river . the ocean is just a very big river and a puddle or pond is just a very small one . in a similar way , argonians lack a specific word for time . this time they use use a metaphor since they do not have any similar word , in your case " further down the river " . while this might refer to some place further down some river , it is typically their interpretation of " in the ( near ) future " . imagine some argonian seeing something ( or themselves being ) in a river . in the future , they will be further down the river , explaining this concept/association .
as a rule of thumb , never build swordsman . spearman might be slower then swordsman and therefor are less effective vs archers but they are just for tanking damage and the extra damage they do when they are in range is much more effective then the speed of swordsman . in the end archers win battles , at least 3/4 of your army should be archers the rest spearman as your army grows the amount of archers should grow/increase relatively to spearman . source : i have played settlers 3 online for a long time , i actually stood in the top 10 ranking for a long time . i played mostly big and long random games with peacetime of 45+ minutes though .
the bus and coach can hold 7 passengers .
according to this , yes indeed !
all missions are theoretically ok for rookies , though there is a higher risk of them dying in : terror missions ufo missions for bigger ufos alien base mission final mission just equip them properly with laser/plasma rifles and armor and they should be able to survive .
at present , it does not appear that there is a way to reset any stats . the forums seems to indicate that the only way to do it is to be caught hacking and then get your stats reset by dice . however , there is no guarantee that they would not just ban you instead . bf3 is different to bf:bc2 , where you could have different profiles on the same account .
i would not have thought so as the young drivers test is saved within the same profile data on the saved game data utility . so while you can reset the mode and start again , this will also reset your career , time attack , and champions mode statistics . which you probably already know . sorry !
you can cut the apc by going into blade mode ( left trigger on the default xbox 360 gamepad setup ) and pressing the light attack button ( x , for me ) when aimed at the apc . here ' s a video of it .
according to gamefaq , deceiver is unlocked if you get to 50,000,000 with no deaths.
there are no limits to how many times you can feed as a vampire . feeding on an npc will not lower the health of or kill the npc . also , there is no need to feed multiple times at one feeding interval , as feeding once always returns you to stage one vampirism . more info at the uesp wiki 's " vampirism " article
set up wall spells behind you . do not use a shield . throw them off before they throw you . pray .
you should try to practice the timing of drifting , since sonic controls like a tank in sonic unleashed , hard to control or drift , unlike in sonic generations . you might want to check this discussion thread . as there are discussions on how to properly drift or etc . gamespot thread : how to drift video ( getting the s rank in mizuri act 2 ) youtube video : the basic idea from this video is that you turn before you begin to drift .
the cathedral is the best place - i am not even sure i have seen that many chandeliers outside of that zone . additionally , the zombies in the cathedral seem to want to linger under the chandeliers for extended periods of time . in some cases people have helpfully died/been murdered under the chandelier drop zone , which means the zombies will just pig out and watch you pull the chain . the easiest way to get there is to change your current quest act 1 , quest 4: reign of the black king . travel to the cathedral garden waypoint , and enter leoric 's passage . alternatively , you could go to " the legacy of cain , " quest stage " explore cellar " - play the quest until you get to the checkpoint at the cathedral . every time i have been to this level , there is been a chandelier with 4 zombies ( 2 that die when you drop it , and two who have a sliver of life left ) right by the entrance : the checkpoint means that you can just leave and reenter the game to respawn this group and the chandelier . strategy wise , you will probably want to work alone , and leave any followers/pets/etc out of the equation . damage wise i have not done calculations , but typically on normal i can kill or do 90+% damage to most enemies with a chandelier hit . on nightmare , they take more like 50% , if that . skill wise , i would suggest : a weak , preferably ranged , aoe spell to soften them up but not kill them , and so you can be standing by the chain once you aggro them movement abilities of some description , as you are going to be doing quite a bit of running ( if you are not using the cathedral checkpoint method ) there is not a whole lot else you could need - you want the chandelier to do most of the work , and these enemies are so weak there is really little to no threat to you , regardless of level .
there is fast travel between waypoints and a ' recall ' function when out in the field . going to a visited wayshrine ( one that has blue flame coming out of it ) and interacting with it will allow you to warp from that one to any wayshrine you have previously unlocked in any zone . this is completely free . if you are out in the field , however , and just want to quickly recall back to a wayshrine because you are in too deep , you can open your map through the menu and go to a location in any zone that you have previously visited a wayshrine . again , clicking on that wayshrine will warp you there , but this costs some money . from what i have seen , it costs based upon distance and character level . it is still fairly cheap , though , and you can easily make the money back from selling things . an alternate thing i have found is that if you are in a group , you can fast-travel to your group leader . this helps when you just got into the group and the leader is all the way in the dungeon already . right-click their name in the upper left corner and use the travel to player option . ( i think this is it , i will have to verify when i get home )
from my experience so far , you get mighty blow if you kill 6 or more enemies under x seconds . i have not scientifically measured it , but i think the x is between 0.5 and 1 . it seems completely independent as to the source of the kill - a single skill activation , a channelled skill activation , multiple hits , traps - as long as it is &gt ; 6 kills in &lt ; x seconds , you get the mighty blow bonus .
the tear of the land is just a plain old rock . any rock in your inventory will work . . . it is not a special one .
if you click on the crystal in your tavern it will bring up a window showing the statistics for the particular levels . across the top are the levels of difficulty , by clicking on the name you can see which badges you have earned on each level . edit : aim at the crystal , use the " view your statistics button " f by default .
there is a 10-second cooldown between medallion uses . when it is ready , the witcher medallion next to your health bar will glow and pulse yellow , like so : when it is on cooldown , the medallion has no glow , like so :
legendaries represent a unique character , other cards represent a spell or a class/title . this is also why you can only have one of each legendary in your deck , but two of each of the rest of the cards . there is only one lord jaraxxus and one lorewalker cho , their names are unique . the other cards have general names only describing them and/or their job , bloodfen raptor , armorsmith and angry chicken for example .
looks like it is a bug ! somehow the wheel motors got disabled . by going around to all of them and clicking disable and then enabling them again , it seems to have cleared out whatever bad state was in there .
no . they are one-shots -- that is why they are so highly valued . edit to answer question in comment : the best way to find these unlockable missions seems to be the slicing skill -- they show up as loot from bountiful/rich lockboxes sometimes .
short answer : yes . longer answer : different scenarios not only have different objectives and failure conditions , but also change things like the starting state of the earth ( e . g . cornucopia where the earth starts with an abundance of fossil fuels , or earth day where all regions start with a green outlook ) . because of these changes , you will likely need to employ different strategies to meet your victory conditions or just stay out of trouble .
you will eventually get to a room with many doors . after your first two successful doors , you should enter a room with a door to your right and a banner where a door should be on your left . the left banner should have a hole in it , though it'll look like part of the background . that hole is actually a door , and you go in there to get the sun stone .
there is three reasons why an npc might not respawn : they do not have appropriate housing . their spawn conditions are not met anymore . there is a goblin invasion going on . did a clown blow up parts of your base and make it uninhabitable to npcs ? if not , there might be an invasion going on that you did not notice , if you built your base away from the original spawn point ( which is the very middle of the map ) . go there , and start killing goblins until it says that they have been defeated . also , certain npcs need their initial spawn conditions to respawn . for example , to get your demolitionist back , you will need to carry an explosive around with you until he comes back .
mystery solved . i did not have the deep ocean expansion . submarines are included in the normal anno 2070 and so are geothermal plants , those alone are not a sufficient indicator that one has the deep ocean expansion . in addition i have found that some players who reported that they actually did have deep ocean still had issues with advancing geniuses . there are two possible solutions to that problem ; either the deep ocean expansion pack has not been enabled in the launcher , or the game was created prior to purchasing deep ocean . if one purchased deep ocean after the core anno 2070 then a new game has to be started to include deep ocean features .
guns excluding the golden guns , you should find yourself in possession of every gun throughout normal play as long as you do all the missions and explore all the rooms in dungeons . however , the raw stats of the guns tend to pale in comparison to the setup of attachments on the guns . for example , the 1195.45 auto that vashyron starts with has the best gauge break ( the ideal stat for a handgun ) of all the normal guns , but the mi50a from the arena has more slots for only a slightly smaller gauge break and a better charge rate . it is the absurd combination of 8 barrels , 4 sights , and more grips than you have hands which makes the gun shine . nevertheless , there are some guns which shine . the aforementioned mi50a handgun is very directed on the offense at the cost of magazine . the lp-09 you can buy in albona offers the best charge rate , while the z-40 you get from a mission in chapter 15 has a good balance of stats in all departments . these all offer some of the better attachment points as well . the pdw-xn . v3 you may find in chapter 14 is one of the better all-around machine guns . if you go dual-wielding , the np . 05c that gets sold later in ebel city is a good complementary machine gun . for attachment setups , both schools of thought ( absurd focus on a stat , versus balanced ) can function . charge acceleration is exceedingly useful for bonus shots as well as hero actions . charge speed is more useful for making long-range shots , coupled with accuracy . magazine size is great to amplify the damage of a machine gun , or coupled with a magazine case on a handgun . you have a lot of room to customize , so make sure to use as much of it . i do not think any particular setup is necessarily ideal , but i recommend setting up multiple guns and then switching them around with different equipment roles . it is all the crazy attachments that'll benefit your performance , and you will eventually come to recognize your guns more by which attachments you have focused ( say , you will know your " charge acceleration focused handgun " compared to your " general purpose handgun" ) . characters assuming you are levelling all weapons equally on your characters , the main distinguishing stats for them come mostly on their skill setups . they all have access to the same skill sets , but learn them at different rates . below is what they learn primarily , and thus need fewer charges to hit higher rates/potencies . vashyron handguns : damage up machineguns : full scratch grenades : charge cancel zephyr handguns : knockdown rate machineguns : knockdown rate grenades : ailment rate leanne handguns : penetration rate machineguns : stun rate grenades : hyper damage aside from grenades , though , the majority of mileage for skill activation is during bonus shots , and someone with a gun focused on charge acceleration may easily hit max cycles . thus , consider the main equipment setups that are preferable at this stage . you generally want one scratch damage dealer and two direct attackers of separate roles . remember , after all , you can not kill anything with scratch damage . scratch damage dealer dual machine guns - in charge of setting up enemies , untouched in terms of raw scratch damage . zephyr 's high knockdown rate makes him pretty good at setting up bonus shots , while leanne 's stun rate is helpful for saving people in the nick of time . machine gun and magazine case - the main advantage of this setup is with ap rounds . vashyron in particular , with the best full scratch , can render all parts of a unit completely ready for destruction with a good angled shot . the raw power of the dual setup tends to overwhelm the +damage and +ailment bullet options . machine gun and first aid - not entirely recommended as the scratch damage dealer tends to play a very vital role in attacking every turn . the first aid kit is probably better with a handgun . machine gun and grenade box - an amusing option to give your machine gunner something to do direct damage in between volleys . has a damage advantage over carrying a handgun . the focus is generally on damage for this , which makes leanne preferable for hyper damage . however , as you can not gauge break with a machine gun , vashyron 's charge cancel can be helpful , as his full scratch also mitigates the issue of lower damage . machine gun and handgun - generally inferior to the grenade box , but it does allow you to have someone else carry the grenade box and thus follow up your machine gun attacks with a grenade . direct attacker dual handguns - vashyron makes this shine with his focus on damage up - pair it with nice magazines and you can shred things very well even without scratch damage . zephyr can also be good , as his knockdown rate can initiate a bonus shot easily which merely serves to set you up with even more damage . handgun and magazine case - with ailments or +damage , leanne can do this well with her penetration rate skill , as that can vastly improve your chance of landing status on complex targets . with ap rounds , vashyron 's damage up shines very nicely , but make sure to stack your gun with a good magazine count and accuracy if you do this . do not forget to consider oil rounds if you have a nice molotov setup . handgun and grenade box - the more common grenadier , able to use handguns at a comfortable range but grenades up close . zephyr does not suffer too much with only having a single handgun , while his ailment rate is very nice with all of the grenades . leanne is also fair as hyper damage remains an incredible skill for a grenadier . handgun and first aid - the primary support type , may consider focusing on charge speed for long range fights , and primarily serve as the closer for combos . leanne 's penetration rate is handy to clean up scratch damage when not using items , while zephyr 's knockdown is handy for disrupting enemies to create an opening for item usage . grenade and first aid - not really a recommended option as you can run out of grenades ( and thus attack potential ) , honestly , but certainly possible if you need grenades but do not want to burden the other gunners with first aid duty . since your only offense is grenades , leanne shines once again with hyper damage being a superb way to maximize damage output of the big bombs . i have been fond of vashyron on dual handguns , leanne on dual machine guns , and zephyr with a handgun and either a grenade box or a first aid kit based on the current needs .
i like to fight the dinosaurs in the " dinosaur shaped forest " in the world of ruin when i am trying to level my characters . this forest is located on an island in the northeastern part of the map , just west of triangle island . i believe brachiosaurs and tyrannosaurs spawn here . if you know vanish and x-zone , and have the gem box ( aka soul of thamasa ) , you can double-cast these two spells on them to kill them instantly . the gba version closes this loophole , but i do not know which version you are playing . brachiosaurs frequently drop economizers ( aka celestriads ) , and you can sometimes steal ribbons from them , which is an extra boon . if you are trying to level your whole party , you can leave one high-level magic user in while you gain levels on the others , so that you can power level the rest of the active team . the brachiosaur casts very high level magic very quickly , so having appropriate speed enhancing relics is also a plus . if you are not high enough level for this forest yet , you might try the veldt , which has the advantage of teaching gau new abilities if you have him in your party and leap when you encounter something new .
check out auctioneer . this fancy add-on has a full array of fancy options to customize your desired profit , current market prices , averages , etc . this helped me a lot over time achieve maximum profit while still producing a sale .
the " secret cases " are found in the missions during the investigation . so far i have found 2 investigations that have secret cases : valued vinyl : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission , you need to get into storage where you get the paper clip tool which unlocks rooms . you can then get into the employee lounge where a recording is hidden inside the locker , which unlocks the bonus case ( and some sweets hidden there too ) . found with the help of toucharcade disappearing daughter : the secret case is unlocked in the map mission , when revealing the barber shop on the top left corner , the barber will offer a new investigation . tedious testament : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission on the right of the church , on the bulletin board , there is a , message which opens a new case . pictured here jittery judge : the secret case is unlocked in the rooms mission , in the office , inside the middle desk there is a file , this file unlocks the secret case .
lucky you ! blizzard has created a handy dandy skill calculator where you can plug in your skills and show it off to the world ! for example , this is the build i am currently using for my demon hunter
a " precision loadout weapon " is a precision rifle-type weapon that you can spawn with . there are 4 weapons that meet this criteria : dmr , battle rifle , covenant carbine and light rifle . if you want to quickly complete this challenge , i would recommend playing swat , since you have to start with a precision weapon and enemies die with a single headshot . also , keep in mind if the playlist has you spawn with a precision weapon that is normally a pick-up weapon , this still counts . for example , in team snipers you spawn with a sniper rifle ; this does count towards these type of challenges . here is a forum thread about challenges that touches on this topic : xbox360 achievements - halo 4 challenges thread
this does not work exactly like you seem to think it does - it is 1 in 8192 chance . that does not mean there is a hidden counter and that if you fight 8192 battles nonstop that one of them is guaranteed to be a shiny , it just means on average that is how many you are likely to end up with over that number of battles . it is really just one of the many randomly rolled stats that a pokemon has - you might get lucky or you might get unlucky . there is nothing you can really do to influence this short of activities that directly alter the rate ( stuff like poke radar ) - normal random encounters will always have these odds .
when the flute is played there is some unusual animal event happening near you . examples i have seen so far ; two deer bucks fighting a wolf pack a bear with cubs a deer with children sometimes it can be difficult to see , and sometimes you may have scared off the animal that caused the alert . but it is happened enough times for me to be pretty certain this is it . a sidenote ; i think i heard a different flute note once and just after i was attacked by a wolfpack . could be that it was signalling danger ?
it is really tricky to weed out " bad " xbox 360 's . i do not really recommend purchasing one used , since many of the early consoles had hardware issues that were not resolved until later in the production run . even with a warranty , i am still suspicious . it is always possible there are intermittent issues or hardware failures that would not show up in a quick test or in the first week or month of play . however , if it is just too good a deal to pass up , i would at least run a few tests before buying . if you can , you might ask the current owner to sign in to xbox live gold using their own account credentials . if they can get online and play a quick round of something , that is probably the best test of the console 's online status . if that is not feasible , you can probably run a quick test yourself . first , you will need to be able to connect to the internet . create a new profile on the box , and when prompted , sign up for xbox live silver . go into the marketplace and try to start downloading a game demo . if the console 's been banned from the service , somewhere along this path , you will likely run into an error along these lines : “this console has been banned for violations of the terms of use . to protect the xbox live service and its members , microsoft does not provide details about console bans . there is no recourse for terms of use violations . ” in addition to testing the network and console ban status , you will also be checking to see if the hard drive is reading properly . a more thorough test of the hard drive and the optical drive is to install a game from a disc . microsoft 's got a good knowledgebase article on the subject , including a video . the basic steps are : insert the game disc into the disc drive . go to home . highlight the game you want to install with your controller . press y on your controller . select install to hard drive . this should spin up the disc as fast as possible , and read data continuously for 10-20 minutes . this is about the best test of the optical drive you can do in a short period .
yes , you should still be able to get the skulltulas after planting the magic beans . http://zeldawiki.org/magic_bean even though planting magic beans in soil will help gain access to different areas , there is another use for the soil . link can bottle some bugs and drop them into the soil . this will result in a gold skulltula jumping out . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] this can be done even after a bean is planted .
in all honesty : what is written in serenes forest is not wrong at all , but it is worded in a way that could lead to confusion and even misunderstandings . the fact is , i believed the game would define a child 's skill the moment one begins the chapter and would keep it in memory forever . in truth : the child 's skills are defined and redefined every time one begins the chapter . simply exiting the map , re-ordering the skills , then restarting the chapter , is enough to reskill the child . this is especially neat , considering one can enter a map without forward knowledge of which child is going to be recruitable , exit the map , then reorder the parents ' skillset . all without reloading any savegames . needless to say , that once the child is recruited , the battle won , and the game saved ; there is no way to change which skills the child will inherit from its parents , other than starting a fresh new game .
i have some anecdotal evidence in response to my question . short answer : no long answer : we spent an evening playing co-op missions as a crew . a number of the higher level players would drop weapons for lower level players . dropping a weapon removes it from your weapon wheel and you need to repurchase it at ammunation to get it back again . the players who picked up the weapons seemed to lose them over time . it was hard to work out when the weapons would disappear from their inventories but it seemed to be when they were killed while the gifted weapon was active . point two is hard to work out with out a lot of complicated testing . it could of also been that they lost their weapon after a mission , or if they left the session , or if they had not unlocked that particular weapon yet . still a bit confusing sorry , but hopefully someone can come along and give a better/ clearer answer .
lollipops can be used to make more lollipops , and when you have enough you can turn them into candy either by throwing them into the wishing well , or by investing in the mill .
dwarf fortress is a procedurally generated game . this means that every time you make a world , an entirely new , never-before-seen continent/history/civilization/etc . is created . 1 the dwarves of the pink galley are dwarves who , in your world , happen to live in some place that got the name " the pink galley . " there is really no more to it than that . there is no dwarf fortress canon or official backstory wiki , etc . you can load your world in the legends mode , where you may be able to discern some of the history of whatever place happens to be called the pink galley . as mentioned in the comments , the message you are seeing is one about your own settlement . congratulations , the pink galley is you , and you know how to train eagles ! 1 - you can ' seed ' the world generator in order to reproduce a previous world , but this is the exception , not the norm .
nope ! you are not a bad hero ! unless you think leaving a damsel in distress hanging is bad . . . then yeah , you are , sorry buddy . whatever you do , you will always be late and impa will brandish it over your head , so keep questing ! i suppose you could call that a character-building experience for link ? as far as i remember , there are only a few time-limited quests , and you are notified before you set off to complete them . why have side-quests available if you are supposed to be rushing through the main plot , right ?
let 's see , your options are : exping : the act of gaining experience , be it through quests , missions , puzzles , treasures , or just by killing opponents . edit : disregard the previous term , as it looks like it is not as widespread as i thought . consider it just a localized version of leveling . leveling : the act of gaining levels , usually by accumulating experience points ( xp ) . generally used refering to the actual moment of going up a level ( "he just leveled up" ) , can also be used for a continuous action ( "i am spending my time leveling" ) the term " farming " instead refers to the act of going through the same actions for long stretches of time to hoard single resources ( you can farm money , minerals , items , and even xps )
assuming you use steam *: first of all you’ll need to download the civilization v world builder itself . open up steam and head to the tools section of your games library , find sid meier’s civilization v sdk and install it . once the small download has finished you can launch the sdk at any time straight from this menu . http://www.pcgamer.com/2010/10/13/how-to-make-a-map-in-civilization-v/ *civ 5 is steam-only i hear , my bad .
yes you can ! once you pay the bux to buy the costume , it remains unlocked and available to any bitizen you have in your tower . i purchased the astronaut costume for my bitizen whose dream job was the planetarium , and have since put the other two planetarium-dream-job bitizens in the same costume at no additional charge .
you must first finish the ending where you open the safe ( which it sounds like you have ) . then go through doors 4 , 7 , and 1 , making all the right choices to let people blab at you . the " right " choices are - take the 4 leaf clover from santa - let june talk about the titanic ( room 4 ) and ice-9 experiment ( in the freezer ) - give it to clover in room 7 and talk to 7 about the ice-9 experiment - say " patch it up " to clover 's question in door 7 - yell at ace to get out of room 1 when prompted - look at monitor after zero is spelled out on screen source
it is a bit confusing , but several levels into the clockworks ( regardless of which gate you pick ) , there is a " clockworks terminal " level . that level is basically a midpoint of the tier , where you can heal up for free , and purchase recipes from a vendor . that is what you need to reach for the achievement ( and hat ) . hope this helps .
no , they will not . after a sapling instantaneously grows into a tree , it will never get any bigger than it is .
reaper are neither a meaty nor a support unit , meaning they are not good in an army composition . this is because of their cost and their build time . reapers are good scouts and harassment units . there are a few timing attacks that are nasty , but actually mass reaper is not viable . so reaper are reduced to : scouting : especially with speed they are a cost effective scout compared to scans or slow units like marine / scv that get killed all the time . harassing : having a few reaper that regularly visit the opponents mineral line can be compared to drops . the opponent has to stay in his base or he risks loosing his economy . but you also need a real army , that can finish you opponent . in hots the reaper has exactly the same role . their building damage is reduced , but they get an out of combat healing ability , so they can harass more often without dying .
there is no way to disable the replays on xbox 360 . it was a criticism point on pes 2011 with slightly changed behaviour in pes 2012 . apparently there is a patch for disabling automatic replays on the pc version : pes 2011 replay disabler
at least for me , the answer is definitely no . the game throws way too many enemies at you for you to be able to have success on your own . i can not imagine surviving the first boss wave ( wave 10 ) on my own , when it throws multiple reavers , berserkers , or a bromak ( sp ) at you . it would be cool if they made a version that could be played by yourself , but as it stands today you need a group to hope to complete all 50 waves .
the lyceum is one of the random dungeons in the southern highlands . it has a fixed spawn point but shares it with several other random spawns . the entrance area looks like this : its spawning place is slightly northeast of the entrance to the southern highlands : this spawn point is shared with the revenge of gharbad , the empty servants house , ancient pyre or the event pictured below , among others ( you can see the similarity of the place , also it seems like it is the only place which can host such a large environment ) :
there is a " completed auctions " tab on the auction house menu . clicking on items in the list will give you the option to send them to your stash . you can not send items to your stash if it is full , but they can remain in the auction house indefinitely .
this is a hardware limitation of your keyboard . unfortunately , the only solution is that you must purchase a better keyboard that does not have this limitation . to be more specific : in order to save money , keyboard manufacturers often put many keys on the same " circuit " of sorts within the wiring of the keyboard . this prevents multiple keys in the same region of the keyboard from being pressed simultaneously . sometimes it even prevents more than 2 keys at all from across the whole keyboard being pressed at once . often the shift , ctrl , and alt keys are not within this limitation , so you can hold shift and press 2 other keys at once and it will still work fine . even high-end gaming keyboards often have a similar hardware limitation , although the cap is much higher so that it is unlikely to be reached during the normal course of gaming .
farming bosses is pretty useless in d3 - you only get guaranteed rare loot the first time you kill a boss . besides that , i think none of the bosses is actually hard if you know the mechanics .
according to this walkthrough , collecting enemies first lets you add them to your crew , then you get a silver statue , and if you collect a hundred of them , you get a gold statue : q : why do i have to collect many monsters ? a : 30 earns you a crewmember , 50 a silver statue , 100 a golden statue in the museum . silver statues do not do anything special , only for pleasure , while all golden ones unlock the final tank masters battles . you can also unlock these battles by completing the main storyline .
yes . like the magic options , physical damage has " schools " . magic has fire , lightning , poison , etc , and martial has " piercing " , " physical " , etc . these quantities are distinct . +11 Physical +11 Piercing  has twice the base damage of +11 Piercing 
yes , every skill point you spend in alchemy increases your chances of successfully collecting reagents .
i have tried it once at a computer store . play 2d at home otherwise . bullet flight mechanics are non-existent in this game , therefore the depth axis will not be of any use . distant targets seem even fuzzier on 3d . you can not spot campers in the distance . and let 's be realistic : there are a lot of campers out there in multiplayer . i must say i do pretty fine on judging the distance to make a grenade shot from afar . 2d is definitely the better way of doing this . all in all it was an interesting experience for me , and i heard from the store owner , that some people felt dizzy 10 minutes into the game . i would suggest you to try it out and see it for yourself . it is a highly subjective experience .
yes . as long as you are chaining these " combo " moves together without interrupting using a non-combo move , the hits will continue to count up even if you switch which specific skill you are using . a really good choice appears to be to use way of the hundred fists as your second strike , since the second strike of that one hits multiple times but the other ones do not .
no it does not change how others see you . however , it will change everyone for you . if you are viewing yourself as left handed , you will also see everyone else as left handed . it works the same way for right handedness , everyone else will see you as they see themselves . the 3rd person character model does not change at all either way .
have you tried searching in youtube ? there is a huge amount of tutorials on this topic . here is one that i like ( remember : creating a clock is not a trivial matter ) : note : this is not a perfect solution since seconds are being skipped part 1: part 2: part 3:
you can not actually change the block via the command line , but you do not need to download the whole map in order to edit the block in mcedit . each set of chunks are stored in a separate file , so using a region finder you can determine while file you need to download . you can then edit it and re-upload the file to the server .
kirrahe will survive if you take out the geth fliers by disabling the landing strips on your way into the compound . if you do not , he will die to an air assault . how much of his team survives depends on what shepherd does with the alarms when entering the facility - the renegade option means less will survive , but " how much " of his team survived does not get carried over . the wiki has a little more .
you can indeed unlock any chest regardless of your lockpicking mastery . despite having no proficiency in lockpicking i was able to unlock a master chest that i found , albeit with great difficulty . as far as i can tell , your proficiency affects the speed at which your lockpick breaks , and perhaps the accuracy of where you have to slide your lockpick . when you hit on the wrong position , the game makes a distinctive resisting sound and your lockpick shakes . as a result , the easiest way to succeed at lockpicking is to adjust your position a few spaces over to the right or left , make a very brief unlocking motion to see if the lockpick shakes or not , and if it does not continue sliding it in . if the lockpick shakes during the middle of twisting it in , do not change your starting position but instead just test going either right or left from the shaking position to see which direction is the correct one . the correct movement will not change in-between successive failed attempts at picking the lock ( but will change if you exit the lockpicking screen or reload your game ) , so even if your lock breaks , use the information you gathered from your last attempt to try and succeed with your next one .
you can actually get a Collectors Catalog from chocobo racing but chocobo racing is actually required to obtain it . follow these steps , but i warn you , it is a long and arduous task : acquire a Golden Chocobo from ' a dying world - 700af ' . it is found in a dead-end somewhere . ( you have already done this , but so others know ) . max-out this chocobo 's stats . i think the max is level 45 . go mental . race at the chocobo arena until you reach Fal'cie class . keep an eye out for the race Dahaka's Stake . this race sometimes gives the item Collector's Catalog . you can use items ( i forget which ) to refresh the items rewarded from this race . optional : this will max out a collector 's catalog obtain one Collector's Catalogs from step 4 above . obtain two Pheonix Bloods . if you do not have some already in your inventory then they can be bought for 1600 chips at the Casino , which you should have amassed from your racing anyway . obtain two Sunpetals . these are dropped in windy Archylytte Steppe from the microchu but these are a rare drop go to see Chocolina at the archlytte steppe and you can buy a Durable Collectors Catalog for 40,000 gil a piece . enjoy your upgraded durable collectors catalogs which increase item drop , gil etc etc ah yes , they are not stackable see my answer here to see details on drop rate improvement from accessories / abilities
they are huge , absolutely humongous . in this tectonicus render you see my map after i have traveled for about 10 in-game days ( i think ) in one direction , got fed up , changed direction , got fed up again and headed back home .
i am going to borrow the code for melon/pumpkin growing from john 's answer to a related question : this code works by first picking a direction , then checking if it is farmland , and then placing a melon/pumpkin if it is . therefore you will get higher yield if there are more farmland blocks around the vine , as if you only have 1 there is only a 1/4 chance of this function creating a melon/pumpkin when it is triggered .
there is the sub-group " worlds:" . this most likely governs what the group can do in said world . try typing the name of the nether file ( by default it is world_nether ) in the format shown with " creative " . then add the node " permission . build : true " along with anything you would allow them to do in the nether . sorry if this does not work as i used a different permissions plugin in my limited server hosting days .
as of patch 1.04 , as you found out , you can turn Weapon Taggingon/off in the settings , but not the minimap itself , or the radar function . you can turn off the hud completely , or turn some elements by applying some unsupported patches to your game . i know , this is not what you asked , but there seems no other way . this guide explains how you can apply changes manually . this forum thread lists some of these community patches . beware , you might be kicked/banned from multiplayer games if you play it with these on , so , make a backup of what you are overwriting . update : the above mentioned patch files are apparently no longer hosted due-to copyright violations . update 2 : you can download the patch ( for version 1.04 ) that removes the enemies from the mini-map here .
after more digging , i found this awesome site which lists the location where every moga can be captured . the anee ( only found at albus ruinea ) is now in my stable . . . on to the next . http://monstergalaxydatabase.blogspot.com/2011/09/zodiac-islands-moga-list.html?m=1
pulsefire got its own category because of the features associated with it . most legendary skins change how the champion acts ( voice , spell , etc ) , while pulsefire changes not only ezreal 's appearance , but other champion 's animations as well . enemy champions and minions killed by pulsefire ezreal have a unique death animation . in addition to this , the skin itself evolves and changes its appearance further as you level up ezreal 's ultimate . there is actually a very interesting post on the league of legends forum explaining some of the design choices , including a developer commentary on the creation of pulsefire ezreal . in addition to this , it adds a new profile scheme as mentioned by patrick stadler . also , in lieu of more text , have this cropped photo of ezreal 's crotch along with a description of all of the features involved in his theme : as for whether or not the themes will periodically be placed on sale , there is currently no answer . my best guess would be that they are going to be similar to legendary skins in that they do not go into a usual sale cycle like regular skins . only time ( and a few additional theme releases ) will tell .
it is reasonably safe to leave charger plugged in while playing . moreover you will keep charge at 100% while playing with charger attached , so yes , most probably it is using charger instead of battery ( i know some people play this way to play for a long time ) . and as @chippies mentioned , all modern device-charger pair are configured they can be leaved connected for any reasonable time .
the answer is no . borderlands has not recently made it so you can not change your field of view . the culprit was my bindings being placed in the wrong section of the WillowInput.ini file . the linked question does not say that the bindings must be placed in the [WillowGame.WillowPlayerInput] section of the WillowInput.ini file .
you can use overclocker upgrades ( up to 16 per upgrade slot ) to make it work faster . with overclockers , however , the charge pad will use more energy . to offset this , you can use efficiency upgrades .
unfortunately i dont think there is such a mod . you just need to use the normal arcade-mode to hit them .
i believe blocking is mostly a function of the level difference between you and the enemy . i am not aware of any way to overcome it . however , i do not think ether attacks can be blocked period ( i am pretty sure i have never seen it happen , and a little googling backs me up ) . so while you are out of luck for auto-attacks and any physical arts , you could stack ether up gems onto melia and riki* and try and compensate for lost damage that way . another idea , you could try and boost your critical rate and damage . a 25% crit rate is possible just through gems , equipment and skills can push it higher . it is only a 25% damage boost per crit , so you will need to be crit-ing about twice as often as you are blocked to fully compensate . *being sure to set all his ether arts
i am not aware of a way to remap the scroll wheel within minecraft , so i think your best bet is to look for third-party tools that will remap your mouse keys for you . after a quick google search , i found x-mouse button control for windows , and usb overdrive for mac . looking at screenshots of both programs , they both allow you to remap mouse buttons as mouse wheel up {MWUP} and mouse wheel down {MWDN} , which is perfect for item-switching in minecraft . x-mouse : usb overdrive :
for those interested , it was dg to delete to the end of the file ( even though g alone moves you to the beginning of the last line ) . hope that helps .
they changed it in a patch ; now , " zombie " champions lose all their buffs and debuffs . i could not find the patch in question . here is a post asking a similar question . presently , kog'maw receives the speed boost over time from his passive , but ghost will instantly vanish from the buff bar .
at the moment , there is unfortunately no such setting in the game . we gonna have to wait for egosoft to put it in .
if you are playing the game on xbox 360 or playstation 3 , you unlock the achievement/trophy called " the city of angels " . other than this , no , you do not unlock any bonuses for completing the game , unlike in gtaiv .
so , observing last mile internet performance is notoriously hard . depending on your wireless card you may be able to monitor signal strength over time ( you will also want to watch for noise , in many wireless environments this is a limiting factor ) . additionally , you could plug a computer into a land line to compare performance . however , if this is a down stream problem neither of these things will correctly identify the source , what you really need is route tracing . on a windows computer this can be done by running tracert : this will create a packet train with varying ttl ( time to live ) based on the number of " hops . " because of the shortened ttl you will be able to see network data from along your route : by running this consistently over time you can identify common bottle necks . an example of this came from when i lived in canada , and i would have intermittent issues connecting to wow server . tracert showed that occasionally ( probably due to peering agreements ) the path would route through texas . in that case i was able to talk to my isp and get them to fix the issue , but that is not always feasible .
it must have been a glitch in the matrix . i started the game over again and got ghosts all the way through .
only the first time . each subsequent time costs credits , as raven dreamer explains : 1st respec = 0 credits 2nd respec = 5000 credits 3rd respec = 10000 credits 4th respec = 15000 credits in my case , my second respec was only listed as costing 4750 credits . based on this , it would seem that the respec price may be impacted by the vendor discounts you can receive after finding intel that can be used for upgrades ( accessible at the terminal in liara 's room ) .
it is very hard , but apparanetly it is possible , as you can check in the following screenshot ( link here ) : according to the picture owner , the maximum level is 80 , you can get pass 80 , but if you leave it , it will reset to 80 . at level 40 , agony does 72% hp/sec with no resistance . at level 50 , 60 , 70 , and 80 , agony continues to deal 72% hp/sec with no resistance . the exception to this is jade maw . at level 50 and above , jade maw 's agony deals 1172% hp/sec ( source ) . so the only boss that seems to be really hard in 40+ levels is jade maw , as the others you can find some ways to avoid agony . according to this guide , there are a few tricks you can use to survive . revive orb – 250 gems – everyone dies and get ported to checkpoint . when running back , have one person go first to the jade maw area and die . this person then use the revive orb to get back to life . everyone else in the party can now come to the jade maw area and die next to the revive orb person to get rezzed . ranger pets – everyone die to agony and run back . ranger stay back from the jade maw area and use search and rescue from a safe distance to rez people as they die again to agony while re-entering jade maw’ area . have one person die on purpose near the left corner of the jade maw area ( safe from all the tentacles ) in p1 . rez this person to 95% hp and leave them there . have a one or two people kill the last tentacle in p1 to trigger the agony while rest of the group stand on top of the dead group member and rez them when the agony hits . this newly rezzed person won’t get hit by agony and can rez rest of the group . do the same for p2-> p3 agony . in the other bosses case , i would recommend the reading of this guide and its useful comments
at higher levels you do not use build orders as you know them , like : 10 supply 12 rax 13 gas . . . instead the pro players just memorize the order they want to get . for every sequence they have sub sequences they can substitute . the key is to know the results . for example [ supply , barracks , gas ] and [ supply , gas , barracks ] lead to the same buildings , but have different effects . the former allows you to get units faster and you have more minerals , the later lets you harvest way more gas but you are very vulnerable . another good example is protoss : do you create or skip the first zealot ? with scouting and other information like not seeing mutas at 10 minutes etc . they know how to react and change the order of their sub sequences accordingly . once you know how to macro properly you do not need supply or time information , as you just get the buildings as fast as you can without missing production cycles . you do not need to be master league for this to kick in , usually around diamond you change your way of thinking in hard builds and everything seems to " just work " . still build orders are a good way to share builds and even pros need a guideline how to execute a completely new strategy they have never used before . they will look at the build and memorize the key elements .
you trigger the event by buying lots of stuff from hanna , though i am not sure how much . ( i got it at the same time i got society class c , which is a development goal achieved by spending money - so it might be the same requirement . ) she gives you an alchemy recipe for a handmade basket , which requires hay x3 , ( cloth ) x2 , ( threads ) x2 . it increases your basket space from 60 to 80 ; if you synth it at a higher quality it can carry up to 100 . to equip the new basket , put it in your basket , then select it and choose " equip " from the menu .
from the zelda wikia : once defeated , they drop their soul-housing lanterns , allowing link to store the spirit of the poe in an empty bottle and bring them to the ghost shop in hyrule castle town where they can be sold for ten rupees . link is also able to drink the spirit of a poe , although doing so usually causes negative effects . this is slightly incorrect &mdash ; i spent about an hour killing/drinking poes and only observed 3 effects ( in order of frequency ) : +1 heart , -1 heart , and full health restoration . on the whole , soul-sucking is usually beneficial . as well , there are 10 big poes throughout the game : the hunting and collecting of big poes is part of a side quest . . . . once a big poe appears , link must hastily dispose of it with the fairy bow . once one is defeated , its spirit can be stored inside one of link 's bottles and sold to the ghost keeper . the ghost keeper will give fifty rupees and one hundred points on link 's " card " for each big poe collected . once link has gathered all ten big poes in the game , his card will be maxed out with 1000 points . the ghost keeper tells him that now he has achieved true happiness , and gives him an empty bottle for his trouble . here 's a guide to their location , should you need it .
yes that feature is still in the game . any team in the game can be played against itself .
yes it is possible . downside : if you defense village has higher level of wall you could lose few units , also if you have neutral defending animals you will have to dismiss them . unknown : this should work as in any other attack but i did not tested it ; if traps work for gauls and if hidden resources stay hidden , also if you are in guild if notice is posted that you attacked yourself and if it is counted in guild stats .
found it ! 24v 0.75A from ac adapters for logitech wheels
i have just spent about 30 minutes seeking this solution but i finally figured it out . i know how frustrating it can be to find straightforward answers to problems and i do not want the time i spent figuring this out to be wasted . if i can help one person it is worth it . anyways here is how i fixed it . all you have to do is install this official version of directx from microsoft . i do not know why but this solved my problem immediately . here is the link : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=35 have fun and enjoy
ahn'kahet / gundrak / drak tharon keep has dropped good gear for me as for my tank/healer specs . you can try halls of lightning in storm peaks but best go with very well geared party into ulduar . so , storm peaks is perhaps the best . nax is the entry level raid instance for new 80 's . you could also try and get into a sartharion raid which you can get to via theramore on kalimdor . i did not really do naxxramas and skipped it . went back later for the achievements . lots of fun in a 25 man raid though . basically a good raid party that is well geared can help pull you through the instances . but looking for the rare gear , you can consider trying to get the tier 9 gear . this guide is not bad either . a lot of good gear can be acquired via badges . ultimately you are preparing for level 80 raiding in 10 man dungeons . this guide is a good for an idea about which instances to use for raiding , ( it is geared for pallies , but it is good for any class preparing for raids . ) .
now , you need to make sure that your copy of dance central ( note , not dc 2 ) is first-hand and you will also need internet connection . on the back of the dc 1 manual that comes with the disc , there should be a redeem code ( i will have to confirm that when i get home tonight ) . this is one time use only ( hence the first-hand prerequisite ) . if it is second-hand , it is probably not a problem as long as the previous owner has not already used the code . the songs will still cost 400msp on top of the redeem code ; however , if you preordered dc 2 , you should be able to get it for free through a voucher code ( i am not too sure as i did not preorder mine ) . now load up dance central 2 . on the main screen , select options-> redeem code . enter the code from the first paragraph and confirm the purchase . it will start downloading the dance central import pack . hope this helps .
i have completed the stormcloaks questline . i headed over to windhelm to see ulfric , in the name of science . when you talk to him there is no option to challenge him to a duel or anything like that - he just tells you that you have done enough for now . i tried attacking him , but he is like other " important " characters and cannot be killed . he just wussed out and fell to the floor instead . there is one way that you can switch to imperials halfway through the questline . i know that you do not want to support the imperials , but it is the only option if you do not want to support ulfric , unless you decide not to complete the quest chain at all . after you retrieve the jagged crown , instead of taking it to ulfric you can take it to general tullius in order to join the imperials .
many of the effects of encounters are randomized -- even if last time you were in the exact same situation with the same text , things might go differently . you will not be able to tell if the crewmember will be insane until the event completes , except in certain special circumstances ( detailed below ) . i believe in one particular event , you find a station with a sole survivor , and ( s ) he offers to join your crew . there is a chance that everything goes fine , and this will add +1 crewmember . however , there is a chance that this person will go insane and murder one of your other crewmembers , in which case you end with -1 crewmembers . the outcome is randomized , though . the insanity is immediate during the event , and unlike a " boarding party " you can not fight the crewmember . if they go insane and there is no mitigating factors ( see below ) you will instantly lose a crewmember . if they do not , you will never have problems with the crewmember in the future . a couple of things can affect the outcome , however : having an upgraded medbay can heal the insane crewmember . this seems to always result in the " good " outcome , regardless of the random factor . i believe a single upgrade point is sufficient , and you do not need to have the medbay completely powered , so dropping a point on your medbay might make sense as an early-game scrap investment . a slug crewmember can use its mind control powers to affect the outcome and potentially keep the crew member sane ( or at least harmlessly end the event ) . joe pointed out on a comment to another answer that this new crewmember will likely then be human .
i will update this answer as i unlock stages : towerforge : beat king 's court in quest mode on normal . sunken city : choose " random " at the versus mode stage selection , it will come up eventually . moonstone : no more speculation : play a quick match on every level , then play a match on sacred ground . ascension : go to archives , find the ascension tab , and input this sequence : right up left right right down down up down . needs all yellow levels completed quest mode-only stages : gauntlet : beat ascension in quest mode . gauntlet ii : beat every level in quest mode on hardcore difficulty .
the turrets on fracture are cosmetic , and are not hack-able . they are meant to be the reason the imc wants to control the hardpoints in the first campaign mission " the refuling raid " .
no it is not possible , sorry . this is probably due to the fact that they are the standard quick game servers which most likely change , start and stop based on demand . for example if there are no caspian border maps currently available a server might change it is map rotation to suit . this is all just a guess at why you can not by the way since searching the interent for solid reasons was unsuccessful : (
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
from my experience , if a character damages a monster , he will gain full amount of experience when that monster is killed ( e . g . 90xp for skeleton ) , but if he is not involved in killing monster , he will gain half of experience ( e . g . 45xp for skeleton ) . dead characters gain no experience . for monster groups , each monster kill is counted as killing single monster . and that is probably what makes your party having different xp : there are more groups in lower levels . since most of ( or even all ) spells affect all monsters in group , your mage started gaining full xp from all monsters . when fighting group of monsters , fighters will first hit monsters in front of them ( left fighter will hit left monster ) and then hit monsters at the other side ( left fighter will hit right monster if left monster is dead ) and when first row is finished they will get to the back row . i presume you are using rogue for ranged attack , and in that case he will only hit monsters in front of him ( if rogue is to the left , he will , in most cases , hit only left monsters , and when they die he will just miss right side monsters ) . edit : and as henryhey said , they all get xp for finding secrets .
there are 10: 6 mandatory , 2 optional , and 2 via dlc/signature edition . mandatory these companions you get along the way of the main quest line : bethany and carver : acquired at the start of the game aveline : acquired during the prologue varric : acquired at the start of act i anders : in act i , after tranquility quest merrill : in act i , after long way home quest optional these companions require you doing something extra to secure them : isabela : complete fools rush in quest fenris : complete a bitter pill quest dlc/signature edition you get these through dlc ( or the signature edition , which includes some dlc ) : sebastian : acquired through the exiled prince dlc mabari warhound : acquired through the black emporium dlc . acts as a fifth party member like ranger pets did in dragon age origins , not a full-fledged companion .
use the following as your command line : ( from the library right click on the game , then pick properties → set launch options . ) -sw -noborder  -sw means " start windowed . " -noborder tells windows to not draw borders ( titlebar , window buttons ) around the window . you can also designate screen size ( e . g . -w 640 -h 480 ) , skip the intro video ( -novideo ) , turn on low violence mode in l4d ( -lv ) and other options that may or not mean anything to you . a fuller list can be found here .
as mr . smooth stated , there are no spells available to unlock chests or doors . the tower stone effect does allow you to unlock one expert level ( or lower ) lock per day .
this is mostly caused by some bugs with newer graphic cards and hdr + aa ( anti aliasing ) . either turning hdr or aa off , or setting hdr to bloom should fix the issue . i do not know about any patch that fixes this issue . however , there is a few workarounds to get both of them working together : enabling hdr , and disabling aa in the game options , while forcing aa to be enabled via ccc ( catalyst control center ) editing the " oblivion . ini " file manually . find and change the imultisample=0 in [ display ] to 4 to get 4xaa .
first of all , they are good for something , they can be sold to npc traiders for licences . beyond that they are worthless . while i have no proof for that fact i have came to that conclusion through deduction : items are eather usefull by themselves , or as parts of a scematic at the academy ( or both ) . and since those items are not usable by themselves ( i.e. you can not put them in an open slot of a viechale , setelment or the arc and activate ) if they have a fanction ( beyond to sell them ) it would be as a needed part for a schematic . i have descovered most of the scematics at the acedemy , and did not encounter one that needs them . beyond 2 , since those things are only available by sinking enemy ships , if you play a game withput enemies , or that you have already destroied all your rivals and the npc enemies ( the baracuda and the merceneries ) , you have no way of getting said items , which means that if there was a schematic requiering them , you couln't creat in that game , which is just not fair or nice . since it is not fair to and frastraiting to the player to get a schematic which he has no option or chance to complite , i believe that the developers did not put them as requierments even for the schematic which i have not unlocked and checked yet . just sell them to an npc near you for the licences , they can acumilate for quite a lot . should be said , that some of the items droped by enemy ships are white flags , shield , clocking devices and etc . and are usable for a single time aboard a ship .
do not give up -- just keep practicing ! you should get an auto-save just prior to or just after activating the third part of the prophecy . if you have managed to get all your stalkers up until that point , you can continually reload from there until you succeed . other tips : just keep running . do not stop to fight , kill nydus worms , etc , anything . your first blink should be into the lowground " pit " with the zerg defenses . stun one with zeratul and then just charge up the ramp -- you had take more damage going the long way around . blink over rocks when you can , but when you get to the set of two rocks , blink in between and destroy the second pair ( the zerg will have to stop to destroy the first set ) when in doubt , blink ! edit : i just completed the mission again today , and can emphatically restate that you do not want to take the suggested route ( delimited by the arrows on the minimap ) but cut straight through the little zerg base in the pit . just keep running , and you should be able to escape handily ( just be careful about where your units are before you blink -- i wound up only saving 5 of the 6 stalkers because one poor fellow misjudged the blink distance and wound up having to go the long way around . : ( )
i remember using this mod some time ago and it worked . can not recall how much of a hassle it was to set up though .
adding friends gives you tickets . you get seven for originally registering ( and having them accept ) a new friend . after that , you get an extra ticket for every 40 minutes they play . note : you can only have five friends , and i do not believe there is any punishment for unregistering a friend ; theoretically , if you really wanted a lot of tickets , you could unfriend everybody , and friend other people .
the towers are there to provide atmosphere , but they do not advance the plot or otherwise " do " anything . in other words , they are part of the backdrop meant to make the world feel authentic . powering up a tower will make it start transmitting a signal , which in most cases is a repeating morse code message . you can use your pipboy to locate the source of the transmission , usually a ham radio in an underground bunker near the tower , accessible through a drain . some of the bunkers have decent loot . most towers transmit a very simple morse code messages that basically say " hello , is anyone out there ? this is [ station id ] . please respond . " but two of the towers instead transmit audio recordings , one of just the sound of breathing . this fallout wiki page lists all the broadcast towers , explains the morse code signals , and provides links to each tower where you can see its specific message .
when calculating spotting range , i.e. the range at which you would see a particular target , the camo rating of enemy tanks will knock a tank 's view range back down , so there is every reason to increase view range in order to maximize your spotting range . there is no set maximum view range , though the maximum effective view range that you can achieve ( at the time of writing this answer ) is 606.79m . for instance , let 's compare the spotting range of two tanks against an enemy tank with an effective camo rating of 50% . tank a has an effective view range of 445m , while tank b has an effective view range of 500m . tank a 's spotting range against the enemy tank is 247.5m . . . math : 445 - ( ( 445-50 ) *0.5 ) . tank b 's spotting range against the same enemy tank is 275m . . . math : 500 - ( ( 500-50 ) *0.5 ) . see http://wiki.wargaming.net/en/view_range_%26_camouflage_(wot) for more details .
nope , you should be fine . the only damage they cause is to enemy troops .
based on the fact that people are still setting high scores on this game ( exceeding a million points ! ) , i do not believe it ever ends . you will just keep facing the master over and over again until you fail .
it really depends on the quest . in the geth vr thing you will not be granted additional xp for destroying more blocks than necessary , but you will be granted extra xp for locating extra clues during investigation phases of the leviathan dlc .
the quality of the pet ( can bee seen by the color of the name plate ) decides how much stat a pet gains each level , so a rare quality pet ( blue name plate ) will be better than a common quality pet ( white name plate ) in the long run . originally all non-captured pet where of common quality ( white ) , but blizzard have changed it so some of the harder to get pets will be of rare quality ( blue ) . an updated list can be found at the blue post . but the list of higher quality non-captured pets as i write this looks like this : brilliant kaliri celestial dragon feral vermling jade tentacle kirin tor familiar little fawn nuts stinker clockwork gnome crawling claw fossilized hatchling pterrodax hatchling voodoo figurine murkimus core hound pup cenarion hatchling gryphon hatchling guardian cub lil ' k.t. lil ' ragnaros lil ' xt moonkin hatchling pandaren monk soul of the aspects wind rider cub deathy grunty murkablo murky fetish shaman frosty lil ' deathwing lucky quilen cub lurky mini thor netherwhelp panda cub mini diablo zergling darkmoon balloon darkmoon cub darkmoon monkey darkmoon tonk darkmoon turtle darkmoon zeppelin azure whelpling crimson whelpling dark whelpling emerald whelpling firefly fox kit gundrak hatchling hyacinth macaw razzashi hatchling sprite darter hatchling phoenix hatchling chuck giant sewer rat magical crawdad muckbreath snarly strand crawler toothy dark phoenix hatchling elementium geode crimson lasher hyjal bear cub searing scorhling panther cub pebble disguisting oozeling mr . grubbs tiny shale spider bananas dragon kite ethereal soul-trader eye of the legion gregarious grell hippogryph hatchling landro 's lichling landro 's lil ' xt nightsaber cub purple puffer rocket chicken sand scarab spectral tiger cub tuskarr kite lumpy baby blizzard bear onyxian whelpling lucky mini tyrael lashtail hatchling
each time you pick up ammunition , every member of your party receives ammunition as though they had picked it up . this is different to the way gold and eridium is shared and there is no indicator to show that you have gained ammunition as a result of one of your party members picking some up . the below is quoted from one of the discussions as a result of testing the behaviour of this mechanic : when you or your friend collect ammo it goes to all players . it is not like 5 bullets go to each player or some crap like that . everyone gets every ammo drop ever . yes it works . it is the same for cash and eridium . . . the only indication of you getting ammo is if you are in your backpack at the time watching it .
from personal experience ( which seems backed up by this thread where the developer responded ) , the repair arm heals you 1 hull point , regardless of the amount of scrap collected . from the developer via that thread as well : we did not want it to be always a positive , obvious choice . the power of constant repairs after every fight is too useful without at least a few setbacks . [ . . . ] i might sell it come sector 6 or 7 if i am doing well since that 15% starts to hurt a lot more and the extra boost to finish off the boss is helpful . the ftl wikia seems to agree with this as well : repairs your hull by 1 point every time you collect scrap [ . ]
i have got a building that has what looks like an icon of a garbage bag with a red line running through it hovering above . what does this mean ? while i am on the topic of icons , what exactly does the " sun " icon mean ? i see it over unfinished buildings as well as finished ones . this icon indicates that the building has not produced anything in the last year . for example , a secondary industry may not have been provided with raw materials or a ranch may have been swallowed by urban buildings . the sun icon indicates that your avatar el presidente is visiting the building , which boosts productivity or reduces construction time as applicable . how exactly do garages work ? i know they are supposed to increase the speed at which stuff gets delivered to the docks from factories/farms/etc , but where exactly am i supposed to place them ? close to the teamsters office , or to the factories , or somewhere in between ? not exactly , garages increase the speed at which workers get to buildings ( therefore indirectly promoting productivity ) . people visit a garage between there home and pick up a car so they do not have to walk the entire way ( which takes a long time ) . therefore garages should be placed in residential areas and in distant rural areas ( e . g . docks , farming areas ) . does the amount of actual farmable free space surrounding a farm affect it is output ? i am assuming it does just by observation . yes , it does . this is also visible on the overlay when building the farm or in the overlays menu . does the whole " swiss bank account " mechanic actually do anything ? it increases your score for a mission , and the campaign as a whole . do you need more than one marketplace ? does it matter where it is placed ? no , you do not need more than one , however the closer they are placed to residential areas the less time your citizens spend walking to get food . when it comes to getting rid of shacks , do you need to build housing directly over them or near them , or is simply having better housing available somewhere on the island enough ? shacks can be manually bulldozed or built over ( though in both cases more will appear if alternative housing is not available ) however you are correct that if sufficient affordable housing is available residents will move out of their shacks and in to the accommodation , the shacks then fall down of their own volition after having been empty for a while .
since i read this answer it is possible to cheat in every game because you can modify data in the computer memory , secu preventions can mitigate the hacks but will never stops cheats , vac for example bans known exploits but if you are enough good to find a hack yourself and exploit it privately , you can hack for life without being caught yet anyway starbound is nude of any security prevention so yes it is easy to cheat and yes everywhere , plus the mods are not enough restricted , most mods outta there are just shebangs cheat machines pvp is just about hitting turning on /pvp softcore , hardcore , permadeath plays on the same server actually there is bugs and you can be killed without even being in pvp mode /pvp , trolls uses grenade launchers etc . . etc . . what to say , else , alpha game ^^ on sb forum i can say that being this game in alpha softcore , hardcore and perma players are on the same server . pvp is just a flag on/off for every server but players could exploit bugs for trolling others in any case . so beware the internet !
it is not possible as yet . they have plans for character profiles , similar to world of warcraft 's armory . http://us.battle.net/d3/en/blog/5406050/character_profiles_coming_soon-5_11_2012 also , http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804 details blizzard 's plan for an api to get diablo 3 information .
this partially depends on whether you mean for a pvp or pve character . for a pvp character , yes , the purchasing all skill packs will allow you complete use of all campaign skills in pvp . for a pve character , no , as pve-only skills , cannot be unlocked via skill pack purchases . so , for example , you had still have to do quests for the various factions in eye of the north to get those skills . note that for pve characters , this does not mean that you automatically will have all these skills learned on your character . you will still have to pay to learn non-elites and capture elites . however , non-elites will be available on all skill trainers for you , which can be especially valuable in the early game , where the skill trainer 's offerings are more limited . you can also learn unlocked skills through elite/non-elite skill tomes , and , perhaps the handiest feature , all unlocked skills will be available for you to equip on your heroes .
you can get a mighty blow when you use a channeled skill , but only if you kill enough monsters fast enough . the fact that you use a channeled skill to kill enough monsters does not qualify for mighty blow unless you kill them quickly enough . i am pretty sure that , in general , mighty blow does not care at all on how you got the kills - from a single channeled skill , from an aoe attack , from a combination of mines and 2 different skills - it only cares about 6+ kills in a short enough timespan ( about a second ) . so whether a skill is channeled or not has no impact here . but either way i was able to 100% verify that mighty blow is obtainable from channeled skills , but only when you kill the monsters quickly enough .
you can make the decision when you leave the starting planet . you also need to be at level 10 , you may not be level 10 at when you reach this point so you will need to go back if you leave that area . to leave the starting planet/area you need to complete all the story quests .
as of patch 5.3 , there is a loot specialization submenu accessible by right-clicking your portrait . using this menu , you can specify which spec you want to receive loot for , instead of being limited to just your current spec .
scenario : say you have bkb . he can not purge but let 's say he went for skady not diffusal . you are dead . say you have hex . he has bkb . you are dead . say you have eul . you stand in the air for a good amount of time . smoke is almost out . he gets in fog trees as you are in air . he blinks/smoke , your eul is on cd ( smoke has less cd ) . you are dead . say you have forcestaff/ghost scepter . you actually can get out of smoke . now we are talking . there is an ok amount of heroes that can wipe riki out of smoke , although i can not think of a ranged carry which could ( sylla ranged and troll ranged would fail also ) . doombringer aka lucy - doom him . he can not backstab , bash , blink . he is fresh meat . ( yeah farmed pudge can wipe him too ) syllabear cuirass , double bash , engtangle . ' nough said . void ulti . ' nough said alchemist @lvl 16 with ulti and good build just omg . slardar -armor , bash , bash , bash , stun , bash , bash , bash . yeah , you are dead . puck - now this hero is just imba at evoiding/escaping . if he is really really good you are dead . slow ( ish ) damage dealing but silence/orb+phase shift/dagger/eul/hex/forcestaff and it is just crazy . well , here the list might go on . i could add some more heroes in here . even so , i think the main thing you gotta think about is getting out of the smoke . then , you have a good range of possibilities . also , if you have a carry hero , go for mkb for truestrike and then if you are feeling confident go for the kill in the smoke as you have no miss chance , but still you can not use your skills . even so , this is doable .
200 is already pretty annoying . i guess from 150 on you have an clear advantage over the other guy ( harder to dodge/land skillshots ) and after 450-500 it gets unplayable .
i have found a website with statistics that look promising . op . gg seems to track all the players of every region .
yes , it will be for games bought in stores as well . see here : if you purchase either a physical or digital version of an applicable ps3 title , you can download the vita version at no extra cost . please note , however , you get a psvita copy of a game when you buy the ps3 version , but not the other way around .
this post tells you how to back up your bf3 save files for transfer to another computer : http://forums.electronicarts.co.uk/battlefield-3-pc/1455727-solved-battlefield-3-orgin-backup-method.html it should be in something like " c:\games\orgin games " and then " battlefield 3" or " bf3" . additionally , you have the option of saving your games in the cloud through origin .
in regards to which group is most popular , i can honestly not tell you , nor do i know how you would find out as the only way you could is statistics unavailable to the average player or personal testing , but even then the popularity of each one may vary daily . i can however provide you with some advice that may help with your problem , similar to my answer to your second question , the ring 's purpose is to block connections to everyone but the people in the same group . this means that if it is general co op you are after , the ring is not really the way to go unless you are wanting to play with friends that you can tell what group to go in . also what is your issue with connectivity ? finding signs or actually connecting when you use them ? if it is the latter your problem may be completely different . i have not played dark souls 2 for a little while but i assume it is still very popular , so there should in theory be no problem with finding signs . hope this helps .
after a little research i found that you need to " catch " each of the worms that appear on fishing hooks , both the individual worms and the " cans " of worms . once you have done this about 5-6 times , the purple tootfish will appear . i do not know if prevents you from completing the acheivement , but i recommend avoiding the non-worm fish hook items . at the least they waste time , and they may prevent you from getting the achievement - especially if you are using director mode .
i finally found the solution for this today after much frustration . if you attacked windhelm with the imperials and killed ulfric , but left before tullius could leave the room and give his speech then the thieves guild quests for windhelm will be bugged . simply go back into the palace , let tullius and rikke leave , listen to the speech and talk to them , and then go talk to delvin and vex , and this fixes the bug .
a very interesting discussion about this from this reddit /r/teslore post : in the azura and the box story , the sage nchylbar was not trying to prove whether azura could determine what was in the box . he was concerned with whether the divine spirits had mastery over all of the world , or if mortals could create their own destinies . so he duped azura . she saw clearly what was in the box , but he palmed the flower before revealing it . in the aldmer version of the tale , a sphere becomes a flat square , but i would surmise that the gist of the story still hinges on slight of hand trumping divine power . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44wcqk azura and the box is one of the tales of the ancient dwemer by marobar sul . it is a plagiarisation of a colovian story adapted to fit a popular conception of the dwemer . it is not to be regarded as an historical document . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44y12r
bend will can be used on odahviing and he can be ridden . picture from http://imgur.com/r/skyrim/labhz
this video tutorial i made ( with co-conspirator kaliard ) demonstrates how to make a safe , easy-to-make , and stylish " trash can " incinerator using a chest , a hopper , and a dropper ( those last two new in minecraft 1.5 ) in a vertical stack , with a redstone clock to activate the dropper . the hopper pulls any items you put into the chest and puts them into the dropper , which ejects the items into a pool of lava in front of it when you throw the switch . the benefits of this design are safety for you , your pets , and especially your items . there is no worry about accidentally hitting the " throw " key while holding your enchanted pick , as with open-pit designs . because the redstone clock can be turned on and off with a switch , you can load up the trash can and be sure that , when you flip the switch , only the items that you intend to incinerate will be destroyed .
i have never experienced it , but it is to my understanding that it is the second one and that they do bypass the town 's defenses and terrorize people that would then only have their house defense and defensive items in their chest to save them . the first one where they get added to the attack is if you throw them out of town . because of people liking their brains , disposing of them is worth your ap or water in almost every situation . the only time that it would not would probably be if you do not have enough defenses to protect against the attack anyway , but watering them would still help there , and you would pretty much be doomed then anyway . edit : i found it in the die2nite help under " the attack of the hordes " now : phase 1 : the return of the living dead all the citizens who died in the town the night before and whose corpse has not been destroyed or dumped in the desert will rise again ! as they are already within the town walls , they will do untold damage ! the dead who have been dumped in the desert will attack the town as one of the horde .
apparently , the final dialogue option of the game depends on your paragon/renegade score , and not just your overall reputation . and it does so in a rather strict way - you must have either gone 100% paragon or 100% renegade to unlock that option . it does not make a huge difference to the story though , and every other option only depends on overall reputation , so it is not that big of a deal .
you can not turn your actual lord unit into a vampire . however , any male unit that can become a knight or evil one unit is able to , with the use of an item called blood kiss . naturally , if you want it early , you should do it with knights , since evil ones are somewhat late-game classes . knights require a at least 50 ali on a male unit with decent physical stats , most of your fighters in the early game will easily be able to class change into it within the first map or two . evil ones are low ali units that promote from the wild man class , but it requires having fairly high stats so it is not going to be early . unfortunately , the only method to do it early is simply luck . the blood kiss , as a usable item , can only be found by random drops by enemies after defeating them in battle . you can not get it as buried treasure . so it is just a matter of being lucky enough to get one . increase your chances by making sure you kill every single enemy on every map . there is one guaranteed blood kiss , but it is extremely late game . it requires the character galf to join your party ( always one of the last characters ) , and you simply have to return to the antanjyl map and visit the town powant noal with him in the unit . once you get one , just use it on a knight or evil one . for knights , it is recommendable that you try to lower their ali afterwards , since the vampire only acts at night . there is no stat requirements or anything past actually being in the required class .
just like the western cliché where someone shoots a cowbow in the hat and it flies away , this is just a visual candy to add some authenticity and fun to the game . it also means that you were a bit off regarding your headshot and aimed a bit too high and shot the hat only ( you should be able to shoot a hat with any gun and even your fists ) . as far as i am aware of , drinking whiskey only gives back hp , you can only get your hat back when you respawn .
since 1.0.4 , there is a normal jungle on the surface above the underground jungle , so you do not need to go deep to grow it . what you can expect depends on how deep you go . the depth that underground jungle enemies ( hornets and man eaters ) and jungle roses need seems to have been increased in patch 1.0.4 ; i am not sure of the exact height , but it is possible that it is world specific , like the dungeon position . i built a working underground jungle grinder before 1.0.4 right below the zero feet mark . the only monsters that spawn now are jungle bats and snatchers ( the over-ground jungle enemies ) . jungle roses will not grow , and ones that grew before the update do not drop anything . whether you need to trim the vines , depends . they do not stop monster spawns , at any rate . you could also build a stone ceiling above each layer to prevent the vines from growing at all .
the shards do not remove the shield , the sky crystal does . to answer your 3 questions : how can i get the shard ( s ) that i need ? skyshards can drop from every enemy in pandaria . the problem is that they are really rare . the drop chance is way lower than 1% so be ready to invest some time if you really want the mount . how do i use the item ( s ) required to be able to attack alani ? very simple : once you have 10 skyshards , click them to create a sky crystal and then find alani , target him and click the sky crystal . is the mount a 100% from alani , or does it get mailed or instantly added ? the mount is a 100% drop but remember that it requires an exalted reputation with the august celestials ! you also need cloud serpent riding to fly this mount .
so i have been doing a run with suicidal exploding zoltans as my primary form of offense and here 's what i have found : zplosions do 15 damage to every enemy crew member in the room . it does not vary based on distance , if they are in the room they take 15 damage . no , i managed to train a zoltan up to full combat and his explosion still did 15 damage . no , its 15 points flat no matter what the target is . the mind controlled zoltan will not damage the crew he belongs to . iqandreas already answered this one in the comments .
yes , here are the damage types in the game and their effects . from ign 's game guide : ( the grey parts are from ign ) arcane this is the type of damage which is inflicted by death in his reaper form . there are also attack combos that will allow death to inflict extra arcane damage by briefly unleashing his reaper form . any wrath abilities used from the necromancer tree are more powerful the more arcane stat you have as well . strength affects harbinger tree attacks . fire this damage type will set enemies ablaze , dealing extra damage and steady , continuous damage over time . ice this damage type will inflict freezing damage and will slow them down , making it easier to avoid their attacks and land counterattacks . lightning this damage type will inflict extra damage and may stun enemies , leaving them very vulnerable for a few seconds . piercing this damage type can go through enemy defenses and deal significant damage . this is particularly effective against heavily-armored targets . i have done testing in game and have seen these effects myself .
i had to bribe the barkeep by paying him more than 2gp . i paid 4gp , at which point he asked " what do you want to know ? " and i was able to ask him about mandrake root . he does not give any useful information until he receives additional bribes however . i ended up paying him 44gp total ( 4gp originally , then 20gp twice ) before he would tell me .
for each holding over your demesne limit you will suffer penalties : your vassals ' opinion of you will drop ( apparently by 10 for each holding over the limit ; i experienced huge penalties myself after winning the crusade and conquering jerusalem ) . i think that it takes 1/2 months before applying this penalty . an income tax penalty ( wikia says -12.5% for each holding over the limit ) a bunch of bad events related to your holdings . remember that having a few more holdings is not always bad : you ensure that your vassals are under control ( because you raise way more levies ) and if you do not go too high , you usually make more money through direct taxes than from feudal taxes .
according to the terraria wikia , wyverns spawn above 800 feet above ground in all biomes except hallow , where they spawn at just 300 feet .
monsters are considered " immune " when their resistance to an element becomes 100 or greater . the lowest that a monster 's resistance to any element can be lowered is to a combined total of -100 . ( for pvp , this also is true against enemy players/minions ) . take note that a unique/boss mobs that spawns with " [ element name ] enchanted " will have an extra 75 [ element name ] resistance ( to that one element ) , and a " magic resistant " unique/boss mob will gain 40 elemental resistance ( fire , cold , and lightning ) . there are 4 ways to break immunities . only amplify damage and decrepify ( both necromancer curses ) can remove physical resistances , if the monsters resistances will allow it ( see below ) . sanctuary ( paladin aura ) ignores the positive physical resistance or immunity of undead mobs in a certain radius around the paladin . vengeance/berserk can help by adding/converting magic/physical damage to physical/magic damage , respectively . only conviction ( paladin aura/ infinity runeword ) and lower resist ( necromancer curse ) can break elemental immunities , although conviction does not affect poison resistances . any element immune monster with elemental resistances > =144 cannot have their immunity ( to that element ) broken . any physical immune monster with physical resistances > =120 cannot have their immunity be broken . when breaking an immunity the amount the resists are reduced to suffer a penalty of 20% ( or 1/5 ) effectiveness , so -100 physical resistances from amplify damage ( -50 for decrepify ) becomes -20 ( -10 in the case of decrepify ) when breaking immunities , so anything with > =120 resistance cannot be broken . conviction and lower resist ( at level 30 , they offer -150 and -70 resistance , respectively ) stack to a maximum of -44 resistance against immune mobs . items effects that reduce resistances cannot break immunities , this includes rainbow facets , griffon 's eye , and similar items . these items will only work to their full effect after the immunity/ies is/are broken , by the aforementioned skills . for regular mobs , lightning immunity is the easiest to break , as it is usually 100 to 110 resistance . these immunities can usually be pierced by the conviction aura from the infinity runeword . fire immunity is a bit harder , as the mobs usually have 110 to 130 resistance . the conviction aura from infinity runeword usually cannot break these immunities , but a paladin/necromancer with higher conviction/lower resist can break these . cold immunity is hardest to break , as mobs usually have 150+ . it usually unbreakable with the reduced effectiveness penalty of resistance lowering skills . for additional info on monster resistance and immunity mechanics , go here and here .
it turns out that houses can be built with retractable floors . my npcs need to prepare for some adventure . any furniture will need to be on a platform above the floor or it will have to be replaced every time the floor is activated .
assuming you are building down : build a down stairway on the first level from the designate ( d ) menu . build up-down stairways on the levels before the bottom from the designate ( d ) menu . if you have a defined " bottom " level , build an up stairway on that level from the designate ( d ) menu . you will need to switch your view 's " z-level " to build the levels . you switch " z-levels " by using &lt ; to go down a " z-level " , and &gt ; to go up .
okay , so this is quite a weird one , but could be helpful to others ! basically , the headphones i am using ( turtle beach px22 ) seems to have some kind of " minimum input volume " requirement , otherwise it gets filtered out as background noise . the solution was to set my computer 's volume to 100% , and use the in-line amp to adjust volume instead . now the headphones receive the full audio input and handle it correctly .
this list does not take in account every legacy items such as the star of azkaranth which could in the pre 2.0 patch roll ( 3-5% vs elites ) but no longer does ( legacy one vs ros one ) bonus vs elite black bone arrows ( quiver : 5-8% ) archfiend arrows ( quiver : 4-7% ) hellcat waistguard ( belt : 3-5% ) halcyons ascent ( amulet : 10-15% ) stone of jordan ( ring : 25-30% ) unity ( ring : 12-15% ) blood magic blade ( 1 hand blade : 4-7% ) sun keeper ( 1 hand mace : 15-30% ) empyrean messenger ( 1 hand spear : 5-8% ) venomhusk ( bow : 8-9% ) sydryu crust ( bow 9-10% ) ruinstoke ( wand : 4-7% ) aughild 's set ( bonus 3 : 15% ) blackthorne 's set ( bonus 2 : 10% ) socketin a weapon with a diamond ( 2-20% depending on the diamond quality ) bonus vs other types tyrael 's might ( chest : 10-20% damage to demons ) pig sticker ( 1 hand dagger : 15-30% damage to beasts and 15-30% damage to humans ) monster hunter ( 1 hand sword : 5-6% damage to beasts ) sever ( 1 hand sword : 5-10% damage to demons )
go into a private game and use the following command : map_showbombradius if you do not want to explore it yourself , there is an in depth , useful video guide here :
the main difference between normal and vintage items is that vintage items are all the items people obtained before the mann-conomy update . they can no longer be acquired in any way except trade . this makes them very rare . you can recognise them by their blue name only , since people could also just rename their items vintage . also , as pointed out in the comments , the " vintage tyrolean " and the " vintage merryweather " are renamed to " vintage vintage tyrolean " and " vintage vintage merryweather " respectively . see the mann-conomy faq : q : why have all my items switched to " vintage " items ? a : some items that used to be rare will become more common when they are available for purchase . we wanted to give players this option , but still recognize people who obtained those items “the old-fashioned way” in the past . so we decided to perform a one-time conversion of all the old items into " vintage " versions , which will never be attainable in the future . this way , those older rare items remain rare ( in fact , they are even rarer , because they are limited editions now ) . basically , valve decided that making items available for money devalued the items , since it is less impressive to buy an item then it is to craft/find it . therefore they converted every existing item in people 's inventories to vintage items . since you can no longer create them ( only the items converted at the update become them ) vintage items are very rare , which gives them a higher value in trade . otherwise they are identical . additionally , a couple items are excluded , such as badges , promotional items ( eg . bill 's hat ) and holiday items ( eg . ghastly gibus ) . funnily enough , the vintage item 's rarity will increase over time , as people use them up in crafting . see also : the quality article on the team fortress wiki .
no , there is no limit to how many items can be in a chunk , nor in a pipe . i have piped a rotary macerator at full speed into a cobblestone pipe , and it handles them fine . the limitations of pipes are designed entirely around transport speed , not contents capacity . minecraft 's limitations on items are not designed into the game mechanics — rather , too many items will simply overload memory and slow your server to a crawl . since you have a long pipeline , you are likely having parts of it unload when there are no players around that section . when this happens , the items can drop out of the last section of loaded pipes since they are not " connected " to anything . you are probably seeing this more with all the quarries running simply because more items mean more chances to have part of a pipe that should be receiving items be unloaded at any given time . the easiest way to get around this is to make sure the chunks that have pipes running through them are always loaded by using world anchors , anchor carts , or another block that designates a chunk to stay loaded even with no players around . ( as an alternative to buildcraft pipes you could also use redpower2 pneumatic tubes . these will not transport items through unloaded chunks , but they have a more favourable failure mode : when a pipe can not deliver , items just rebound and get " backed up " in the tubes until there is somewhere for them to go . this would lower your throughput compared to a proper anchor solution though , and would require rebuilding your item transport system over the entire long distance . )
no , they do not affect runes or gems . so sayeth the arreat summit : what exactly are " magic items " magic items in this definition include magic items , set items , unique items and rare items .
he could try with the excellent software synergy . it works very well between different computers and even different operating systems , sharing the same mouse and keyboard across all screens . i would not know if it is useful for full-screen games but he could try . edit : engadget wrote an excellent tutorial in http://engadget.com/2005/08/09/how-to-share-your-keyboard-and-mouse-in-realtime-with-synergy/
yes , he can either bring his profile with him on a memory card or usb stick ( assuming you both have updated your consoles ) . i do this regularly when going to a friends house . he could also recover his account onto your xbox , but that is a bit more of a hassle . achievements and other online stats are synced in either case ( as long as you are connected to the internet ) , but saved game files will not be transferred if he recovers his account ( or if he does not bring them on his memory card/usb stick ) .
in theory if you had a person 's user name and number , you could look them up ( on the blizzard website ) . unfortunately those numbers are hidden by default so unless you get your opponent to give you his number , i do not see how . ultimately i tend to ask my opponents , and i find this works well . i can probably trust their answers about as well as i can trust them to give their hidden number . more often than not , i can tell a person 's league just by scouting : if they have a lot of workers and are using a known build : probably plat/diamond if they are doing something weird , or i find a proxy blank , probably gold . if they do not have more than 13 workers , definitely silver or lower . these rules are not hard and fast , but they do tend to explain 90% of my games . if i am getting 4 gate timing push at 6:30 you can bet the guy is in diamond . where this breaks down is when you start to get top 10 diamond and then start seeing things like : bunker push , 2 pylon wall in . and all of a sudden i start sweating . . .
the wii has had access to the rock band store since the release of rock band 2 . your wii needs to be connected to the internet , and you need regular wii points in order to purchase the songs . the usual price is 200 points per song , but there are some priced at 100 points . also , due to the lack of a hard drive , you will want a good sized sd card in the wii in order to store the songs . i have a 2gb in mine , but that is because rock band 2 does not support a larger card , even though the wii does . my guess is that rock band 3 will support larger sd cards .
nicer quality items have more components , so you can potentially get more parts out of them . the quality of the component is pre-defined based on what the item is . for example , salvaging an iron longsword will never give you any other blade than an iron blade , while a steel longsword will never give you any other blade than a steel blade it is random as to what and how many components you get , however higher blacksmithing levels will increase your chance at salvaging the item 's components , so you will likely get more pieces from it . you can also save / load your game if there is a particular component of an item that you want , such as a life steal component , or mana steal .
i do not believe this is currently possible with respect to controlling each piston in a completely independent manner from all the other pistons . it is possible to isolate the inputs to each piston such that they can be independently extended , but the problem arises when you want to independently retract them . here is the key point from the " bugs " section of the minecraft wiki for pistons : if two extended pistons are one above the other , the lower one cannot retract until the upper one retracts ( video explanation ) . if the top one will start extending while bottom one is still retracting , the last will start extending as well . the only possible solution i can think of would be to retract all higher pistons whenever a given piston needs to retract , then return them to their previous state ( if they were extended ) after a brief delay . this is the only way to ensure that a given piston can retract , but would require more complicated redstone circuitry . it would also mean that the pistons are not acting in a completely independent fashion , since changes to lower pistons would transiently affect the states of higher pistons . to illustrate proof of concept for this solution ( transiently resetting all higher pistons to their retracted state ) i built a simple 2-piston stack : the lever on the left controls the lower piston , and the lever on the right controls the upper piston . here 's a view from the top showing how it is all wired up in back : the left lever drives the lower piston directly , but the right lever drives another piston that opens and closes a circuit delivering power to the upper piston ( basically , an and gate ) . the " power " in this case comes from two or -ed signals : one is the left lever signal passed through a repeater with a 1-tick delay ( coming from the left in the image ) and the other is the left lever signal inverted then passed through a repeater with a 2-tick delay ( coming from the top in the image ) . this design creates a scenario whereby power is continuously supplied for use by the upper piston if the lever for the lower piston is in the on state , off state , or transitioning from off to on . however , when transitioning from on to off , the power to the upper piston will be temporarily disconnected . if in the extended state , the upper piston will momentarily retract long enough for the lower piston to retract before returning to the extended state . extending this solution to a larger stack of pistons is an exercise i will gladly leave to the reader . i for one am hoping they will simply correct the bug . ; )
you can enhance your vitality regen with potions , mutagens and talents . there is however no such thing as a health potion .
this video here provides an excellent way of getting gold badge on this level . you have the right idea , you want to make them circle around , one of the best areas to do so is right at the beginning .
run into debt . let your family die of sickness give the investigator the coded ezic documents on day 12 . accept the ezic gift , but do not let the second ezic agent pass . kill an innocent person with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot an innocent person with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill a guard with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot a guard with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill the man in red on day 23 with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot the man in red on day 23 with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) have unauthorized hangings on the wall during inspection after being warned previously . arrest shae on day 25 to get this ending on day 26 . do not work with ezic , and stop them from blowing up your booth on day 31 , but let them blow up the wall . work with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 . work with ezic , but kill them after they have blown up the wall on day 31 . escape to obristan work sometimes with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall and your booth . escape to obristan with your whole family work with ezic and let them blow up the wall on day 31 . do not work with ezic and stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 .
yes , the concentration mod will stack with the infiltrator 's operational mastery , or the soldier 's adrenaline rush . the spare thermal clip upgrade increases your overall ammo capacity for the rifle , but does not impact the clip size . so , in the case of the mantis , your clip size will always be one . your spare ammo capacity , on the other hand , will be increased by the given percentage , rounded down ( need to verify the rounding , but memory-maths tells me this is the case ) . the extended scope upgrade highlights targets within the smoke , using an orange/red outline . i found this had mixed success depending on how close the target was to the smoke , since sometimes they would fade out of view .
the max level is 5 for mods , period . you should not have to play a new game plus to get them , though you will have to get to the end of the game for them all to unlock , they are not available from the start . you might have to play a new game plus to get the credits to afford all of them however , especially if you spend lots of credits on other items .
yes they do have a animation . look here for a video on how to perform a backstab . no perks are needed to perform the backstab animations , just that you need to perform enough damage for a 1 hit kill from stealth . the official strategy guide confirms that they are random , and that they do no extra damage : they are pure aesthetics . it suggests that you can increase your chances by executing a power attack on the last enemy in a group . hope this helped , cheers marco
it seems to be just a bug , and not related to either dlc character : for some reason they forgot zaeed , but kasumi still appears ( circled above ) . however , if zaeed was not loyal to the mission , he will die saving korlack . oddly enough , he will not appear on the memorial wall on the crew deck , although joker will mention him as a casualty before launching the last mission . source
the medi-gel is located at the end of a corridor on the right on the upper floor , on a console . you can watch the mission walk through here ( medi gel around 8:30 ) , or the short version here
the first riddle ( 3 ) says : " a mouse has one snout but a hand has five " solution : place five fingers onto the ipad screen the second riddle ( 11 ) in an anagram , move letters around until you get the right words . solution : persistence without patience is a golden harp missing its chord the third riddle ( 24 ) is a replacement cipher . you just need to figure out by how many letters to shift . solution : an error at the function cipherscreen line ten expected semicolon the fourth riddle ( 31 ) is a transposition cipher . you must arrange the letters in a set number of columns to reveal the answer . solution : hahaha or laughing or laughter or success or hello world i have the fifth riddle ( 45 ) but i have yet to solve it .
you can obtain manure either from feeding flowers to pig men , or more reliably from finding a herd of beefalo , who produce it all the time .
the items you dig up from graves ( other than amulets ) seem to be purpose-built for researching -- they only require a shovel to acquire , and they give 80 research a piece . the only other use for them is to trade them for gold with the pig king . amulets , as of the nov 27 , 2012 update , provide resurrection upon death ; amulets are probably too valuable to most players to exchange for research . tallbird eggs ( cooked or uncooked ) give 80 research as well , but fried tallbird eggs are a great food source -- if you have plenty of food and just want research points , this is a good option ( and a better option than researching a bunch of other food to save the egg ) . similarly , mandrakes give 100 research ( also cooked or uncooked ) . these are quite rare . you can cook the mandrake to get the day-skipping effect and then use it to fuel research afterwards . again , the sacrifice here is the very good food item , but if you have loads of food anyway , this is not a terrible option . torches are a good renewable source of research points -- as far as i know , all crafted tools in the basic tier give 10 research points at 100% durability . torches can be created with just straw and twigs , compared to the other tools which require you to use some of your flint ( which is not a renewable resource ) . rope is a decent choice if all you have is grass , but torches are more efficient if you also have twigs . if you have food to spare , cooked food gives more points than raw equivalents . cooked monster meat is the first food i would sacrifice , at 7 points a piece , due to the negative effects of monster meat . a ( partial ) list of items with research point values can be found on the wikia , although this does not indicate the worth of items in other aspects of the game . to address the portion of the question about things you should never throw into the machine , i would say never throw in any stone or flint ( or anything created with stone or flint ) because stone and flint are not renewable in any way . the diggable plants that you can harvest are not renewable ( although the resources you gather off of them are ) . berry bushes ( and possibly reeds ) might be few enough and valuable enough that you would not want to destroy them . grass plants and saplings are not renewable , but are common enough it would not hurt to toss quite a few of them into the machine . the arqade question on renewable resources is a good place to start when trying to figure out what you should hoard rather than use for research .
it is possible to empty their mana pool . the famine farmer build relies on that . however , there is a difference in npc energy regen , which is another requirement for the famine farm build to work : whenever an npc hits zero energy , they seem to gain back a small amount immediately . this must be the case because if a pc is already at zero energy and takes another energy loss effect , famine and related effects do not trigger . you need to lose at least 1 energy for famine to trigger . since you can farm bosses with famine , they either have very high energy regen or , as mentioned , they gain back some energy when they hit zero . so yes , you can drain them to zero , but you will most likely not be able to suppress them from casting any spells for any stretch of time .
sounds like the file is corrupt which means it just will not work .
as far as i know , nothing will happen . so yes , return manually . it felt kinda weird to not get any feedback , but i liked the empty feeling it left me with .
steam does not patch heroes 6 . it is patchable through the ubisoft installer application which in turn is installed by steam when it enters the prerequisite stage of the game installation phase . whenever you launch homm 6 via steam it automatically launches the ubisoft application which checks if there is a new patch . if you want to know the version of the game , you can find it in the main menu in the lower right/left corner .
make sure you are using the " local area map " for that town ( you can toggle between this and the world map on the map screen ) . all the discovered shops/houses should be marked with names on that one , as opposed to the world map . the compass at the top of screen is not very useful for finding shops , unless you have a quest objective there . if you got that covered , you can usually make a good guess which houses contain shopkeepers by looking at the name of the house . there is also a list of stores covered on http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:stores if you feel like looking them up .
the basic principle of starting minecarts with powered rails is that the minecart needs to " know which way to go " . by this , i mean there must only be one possible way for the minecart to move . a sloped powered rail works because the minecart knows to move downhill . another way to do this without sloping the rail is to put a solid block on one side of the powered rail . by doing this , the minecart should start moving the other way when the rail is powered .
here is how i solved the last mission : troop-setup : crawler , followed by a shield generator , followed by a second crawler . at the beginning you should have enough money to fully upgrade the first crawler ( allowing you to 1-shot the weakest towers ) and the shield generator , plus i think upgrade the second crawler once . naturally you should upgrade the second one as soon as you can . you should not loose a single unit . while you can definitely recover from a loss , it is a good sign you are not active enough with your abilities . also fully levelled units are very , very expensive . alternative troop-setup : on my first run i had the following troop-setup : dragon - shield - crawler - crawler - shield - supply ( levelled to give decoys ) , with most of them levelled once or twice by the end . while this setup worked , i felt it to be much harder and much more micro-management intensive , since the convoy is much longer and therefore requires more smokescreens , decoys and repairs ( the big laser by the processor required 3 decoys to cross without losses , while with my other setup , 1 smokescreen and 1 repair usually were enough since the shield was much stronger ) . towers : the basic towers should pose not much of a threat , especially in the first setup since you can one-shot them . an energizer should never get the chance to charge up your deployments . luckily in the last level this is much easier than in the levels where it gets introduced . if you zoom out to the route-planning view , you can check for line of sights and plan your placements beforehand . especially in the last mission i did not bother and just called in airstrikes - one is enough and lets you do your thing freely . hacker towers are annoying but no big deal . stay out of the bubble and sprint in and out if you need to use an ability . note that often the shot that deploys the bubble follows you . if you notice that fast enough you can run to a place where it will not get in the way . remember , as long as you are in it and not your troops , no harm done . behemoth/stormray towers can be nasty . the former less so with my first setup , since the shields are much stronger , but stormrays always can zap away all your shields in seconds , so decoys are needed . try to place them behind the tower , so they waste time turning around . also avoid placing them in range of towers you do not need to distract , they will just help get the decoy removed faster . be aware that if your troops are out of range of the towers but you are not , the they might splash your troops by shooting you . final boss : in the final bossfight , be careful not to bite off more than you can chew , let your troops circle somewhere where they will be able to hit the boss while not being shot at by dozens of towers . one trick i used was to let my troops drive between the two " entry streets " . you can hit two of the boss turrets while having few other towers shooting you . smoke screen works great against the turrets of the boss , while decoy is good against the lightning/splash damage towers , as long as you a careful not to place the decoy too close to your troops . do not forget to drop aistrikes onto nasty towers aswell , they deal a lot of damage . general : also , do not be too afraid to let your commander get hit . he regenerates fast and if he looses all his health you only become unable to do anything for 3 seconds ( though that can doom you if it happens at the wrong time ) . i abused this to let my troops circle somewhere safe , sprint in to airstrike a hacker tower , die a painful death fall asleep for 3 seconds and sprint out again . and last but not least remember you can reorder your troops during battle . the front unit has no shields ? switch places with the third one and save a repair . shield does not reset if you move a unit , as long as it does not switch the shield generator . i hope this has helped , if not please explain more clearly what kills you .
the world data , which also includes player inventories , is saved to a folder in the current working directory of the server . the name of said folder depends on the level-name setting in server.properties , and defaults to world . thus , you can start a new world and toggle between the saves by simply changing this setting . vanilla server commands related to saving/backups : /save-all - forces the server to save . /save-off - disables saving . you should definitely execute this before making a backup of a running server to ensure that the server does not save while you are copying , which could result in a corrupt backup . /save-on - re-enables saving .
the ' steam version ' is just the gfwl version made for sale via steam . you still have to login to a gfwl account to play online .
your question is not correct . it is advantageous to flank an enemy , because it gives you better chance to hit . but if your chance to hit is , say , 90% , it does not matter if you are flanking - flanking is already factored in these 90% , and your chance to hit is 90% . there are no " normal ninety percent " and " flanking ninety percent " , that would be kind of stupid . to guarantee a hit , you need to guarantee a hit - i.e. get a one hundred percent chance . i have missed from 98% percent , and this is correct - approximately two shots out of 100 should miss . the only thing you can do to " game " hit percentages is reload and shoot in a different order . the game remembers random number generator state after save-load , and will always roll same numbers for same actions - but you can switch your shots around to miss with low-damage shot and then hit with a high-damage one . edit : upcoming enemy within expansion is promised to have a configurable option of saving random number generator state . i.e. with it off , you would be able to simple reload and take the shot until the outcome becomes " fair " ; - )
those " yellow buildings " are unclaimed supply depots . you need to create a supply depot and you can move the map around to get select which depot you want to use . best use depots near your hq to speed up cash flow . cities are merely cover for various units and so provide a terrain advantage and that is all . . . and they add to the ambience of the map . you can check out the official strategy guide here . google brings up a lot of results too . this is my beginners guide . ruse like most rts games involves acquiring resources , building stuff , then killing stuff . if you are interested in the quickbattles or multiplayer options this is how i got started . build a couple of supply depots . the faster you gain cash , the faster you can build . pick ones far from the enemy so it is harder for them to over-run/destroy them . you should have a ruse card available so use " blitz " to make the following happen a lot faster . you want to collect supplies and establish bases asap . build barracks . build a couple of recons and send them out immediately . . . intel , intel , intel ! build an armor base ( tanks ) start building heavy tanks . put tanks near bridges , they are choke points , can make a good kill zone . build an anti-tank base . you can create anti-tank/anti-air batteries . build anti-air to protect your buildings build a few tank destroyers . bundle them with your tanks . one supports the other in the face of other tanks . 8a . if you have spare cash . do the upgrades for your tanks . by this time you should have some cash , so build an airbase and send out aerial recon deep into enemy territory . but watch out for their anti-air . create some heavy soldiers , ( rangers ) . ( you will have to do " research " as it is an upgrade ) that covers getting started . now lets start blowing stuff up ! use a " spy " ruse card to find your opposition . target his supply dumps if they are near you . starve the opposition of resources if you can . or place light tanks along his supply lines , stopping the trucks is just as good . create some howitzers . these are good from a distance and support your tanks . just keep them back from the front line . send some tanks and harass a bit . get used to engaging . use a " fake offensive " ruse card to draw the enemy to another part of the map and expose resources . put your heavy troops in cities or the woods as they have bonuses for ambushes and defence automatically . i found that mid-way through a campaign , if the opposition gets a lot of planes , you are in trouble , so build at least 4 combat fighters and 4 fighter-bombers . but recon areas before flying into them because anti-air makes short work of air-power . you will keep getting ruse cards periodically ( while your hq is intact ) . i found i was using blitz a lot . when launching a major offensive into an area , use blitz to get in there fast . when you do multiplayer , it helps to have voice chat between you and your team mate . you can build multiple bases of the same type , like armor bases and barracks and this speeds up production . play against the ai first before running out and taking on humans , because humans will kill you a lot faster and that is not fun after a couple of hours . prototype bases produce interesting stuff that basically is tougher and can kill lots of stuff . but this is only worthwhile once you have great supply . i found that i was creating secondary hq 's to collect resources far away . this speeds up the cash flow , but you have to consider protection of it to . the campaign is annoying with some silly story and plot . it ruins the game play for me , but some people think this stuff is worthwhile . i do not know why game designers do this because it is always ( always ) tacky dialog , and computer animated characters just make it look like a thunderbirds show . there is heaps more to this game , and there are other ( and better ? ) strategies to . that is the cool thing about ruse . pitting your strategy against theirs and adapting to the unpredictable . . . have fun ! ! ! !
powerups last a number of shots - there is no timer . the number of shots you have left ( and the powers you have ) persist even through death . regular shots and " charged " shots ( right click ) both count as one shot . picking up any powerup except " fast shot " gives you three shots . picking up any powerup afterward ( besides " fast shot" ) resets the counter to three shots , and you keep any powers you already had ( so if you had " power shot " , shot twice , and picked up " freeze shot " , you would have 3 shots that had both the " power " and " freeze " effects ) . " fast shot " is a little finicky . it gives you nine shots instead of three , and if you keep picking up only " fast shot " powerups , it resets to nine . however , picking up other powerups in addition to " fast shot " gives odd shot counts ( i have seen nine , seven , six , eight . . . ) . it probably has to do with how the counter gets reset on pickup .
http://lol.fanrealm.net/ojeq0b4qjaobspeqcpqm/#stats i think this is what you are looking for . it is a very well designed and complete champion builder . where you can also import your own runepages ( from your actual lol account ) for more convenience . take some time to get used to the ui cause it can be a bit chaotic in the first 5 minutes . plus in public beta server there is already something similar implemented . in case you are only interested in remembering full item builds . info here : http://www.surrenderat20.net/2013/04/41-pbe-update.html
the point of the game is to work together as a team to defeat the enemy team . there are now two primary modes : multiplayer - you and your team take on another team of human players in a game on one of several types of maps including : capture the flag king of the hill payload ( one team attempts to " push " a cart along a track to the other player 's base ) control point and others . . . co-op ( aka : mann vs . machine ) - you and your team work together to fend off wave after wave of ai controlled " robots " . keep in mind tf2 is a " class based " shooter , which has nine roles , which each play very differently . scout : a fast light class that captures points more quickly . soldier : a slightly heavy class that carries a rocket launcher . pyro : a short range , mid weight class with a flamethrower , which is great for rooting out spies . heavy : a very heavy , slow class with lots of hp and a fully auto " mini-gun " . demoman : a mid weight class that carries explosive weapons , including the remotely detonated sticky bombs . engineer : a mid weight class that focuses on building buildings on the map such as sentry guns and dispensers that supply health and ammo to your team . medic : the ubiquitous healer with a heart of stone . sniper : a mid weight class with a sniper rifle . spy : a spy that can turn invisible , disguise as a member of the opposing team , and kill with a single backstab . your choice of starting class will likely depend on your experience in other games . soldier , heavy , and sniper will probably be the most familiar to players of fps . if you have not played a lot of fps i would suggest pyro , since it is a little less particular about aim , and does not require the strategy of medic or engineer . the game does feature training which i would suggest using before jumping in , it'll get you familiar with the classes and controls . after that find a multiplayer game and jump in . you may also want to check out the official tf2 wiki .
i have not yet found any use for the multiples . i just sell them when i get the chance .
nevermore is actually one of the more powerful heroes there are a couple things you should know about him : staying alive : nevermore 's damage is largely proportional to how many last hits you got since you last died . so stay alive ! you are going to need lother ( which turns your invisible ) or kelen 's ( which teleports you ) to do this , so after boots ( str or phase ) this is your first pick up . combo : because you have 3 shadowrase , you need to cast it more than once to kill . figure out the middle range usage ( hint its the same range as your basic attack ) and then follow up with short ( if he comes after you ) or long ( if he runs away ) . you can also combo it to get more kills . requim : this skill trades on being right next to your target , so combo it with lother or kelen 's for maximum effectiveness . ability build : necromasty ( to start grouping up your last hits ) shadowraze ( lvl 1 is not great , so hold off on it shadowraze ( your combo is starting to get good ) necromasty shadowraze ( by now your combo is leathal ) requim shadowraze necromasty necromasty 10+ you want to max out requim then presence of the dark lord damage : most of your early game kills revolve around shadowraze , but once you get to mid game you are going to want to pick up some dps . demons edge is very nice , as is manta style ( with bonus to survive ) . stygian is going to be essential in late game as it stacks with your presence . nevermore does not trade on his life steal , but mask of madness ' on use ability is nasty . i usually go for demon 's edge -> stygian -> buriza . if you are still looking for items after that skadi or satanic are both good , but you should be in end game by then . ok , it sounds like you have a larger problem than working well with nevermore , that extends to dota in general . a carry is a late game hero who can push a lane and take out 3-4 opposing heroes with little support . a hard carry is a character who needs to farm up all game specifically for late game . a soft carry is a player who does not have a ton of late game abilities but can become very powerful late game due to ganking . ganking is a term for going into an ally 's lane and helping to kill their enemy . this technique usually relies on surprise and coordination . ganking is useful for all heroes as nearby heroes split the xp of a kill and the last hit gains significant gold . agility based heroes usually operate as glass cannons early on , so ganking is a way to gain experience and gold with minimal risk ( the risk usually being getting ganked ) . nevermore 's ganking technique usually relies on casting shadowraze back to back . ideally you can get an ally to stun the target and there fore get off all 3 shadowraze . once you hit level 6 , if you have full necromasty use your lothar 's to get right on top of an opponent and ult . follow this up immediately with shadowraze ( remember to attack first so you are pointed in the right direction , but do not wait for the attack to go off ) . the target should be low and try to run . just dps him down till he is in range of your next shadowraze and enjoy the kill . farming is another technique to get to late game with an agility hero . nevermore is especially good at farming in his own lane ( known as laning ) because of shadowraze . adjust your range to be ideal for mid-range shadowraze ( you can do this by attacking ) . wait till the last one of your melee creeps is about to die then cast shadowraze . this should kill some of them and injure the rest . when they come into melee range your second shadowraze will finish them off . this is excellent farming technique , but very mana intensive so stock up on consumables .
i quote the elder scrolls wikia : at the end of raldbthar there is a dwarven mechanism which you lack the necessary item to activate . ( first dark brotherhood contract area for muiri ) the item is an attunement sphere found in other dwemer ruins . to unlock the mechanism you need to travel north of winterhold . carefully walk down the mountain , or jump off the bridge path to the college and pray you land in the water ( not suggested ) then swim north past skytemple ruins , to a cave called septimus signus 's outpost . once you have talked to septimus he will give you a quest called discerning the transmundane and give you key to open the dwarven mechanisms . raldbthar connects to blackreach ( by going through the mechanism ) which is part of the discerning the transmundane quest , so if you dont want to explore the location septumus suggests or if you already went through that gigantic location and dont want to retun yet , then you can ignore the mechanism . tes:v wikia
i am currently enjoying playing the 2008 prince of persia game on the xbox 360 ( but its also available on ps3 and pc ) . it is relatively easy so far and quite a few reviews for the game suggest this too
no - i would not be worried about overwriting buildings . from the beta testing i did i did not notice any negative effects from destroying properties while placing new structures . you are right that overlapping a structure over an rci zone will not dezone that area - meaning that any buildings destroyed will free up the remainder of the space to allow new rci buildings to be built in the smaller space that is left . destroying the rci building would have removed the home or job for whichever sims live or work there , but the employment model in simcity is that agents simply travel around until they find a workplace requiring the type of agent they are ( ie : high wealth ) . in the event that any unhappiness is generated by the placement of the new structure , this would be counteracted by the happiness generated from placing the new structure . for example , you will generate happiness in the region by placing schools , parks , police or fire stations in a residential area , placing casinos or other commercial buildings in commercial sectors , or placing large industrial buildings ( including power plants ) in industrial zones .
to make a job resume after adding missing materials , shift+left click the missing item in this interface . it will clear it from the missing list , and crafting will resume .
this is specifically prohibited by the ikariam tos and you can get your account banned from using such applications . from section 5 , specific terms for the use of online games , subsections 5.3 and 5.4: 5.3 . the user is also prohibited from running the online game ( including all individual web pages ) with other programs besides the internet browser or the client program that has been provided . this refers in particular to so-called bots and other tools meant to replace or supplement the web interface . also prohibited are scripts and completely or partially automated programs that provide the user with an advantage over other users . this includes auto-refresh-functions and other integrated mechanisms of the internet browser , if it includes automated operations . 5.4 . the user may under no circumstances a ) create or use cheats , mods and/or hacks , and any other third party software products that may change the result of the online games , b ) use software , that allows " data mining " or otherwise intercepts or collects information in connection with the online games , c ) use outside of online games , buy for " real " money or sell or swap virtual objects that are used in online games . this includes all evasions , similar actions or actions that match in their effect the aforementioned bans . there are not any solutions we could provide that would not violate the tos .
when a carrier is idle or attack-moving , it will launch its interceptors against any hostile targets it sees in attack range ( range 8 ) . if it is attack-moving , it will also stop in place until out of combat . if you issue a move order to a carrier that is currently attacking a target , it will continue to attack that target until it dies or moves out of interceptor range ( range 14 ) , but will not switch to new ones . ( this behavior is inconsistent . if the carrier 's target dies while the carrier is moving , occasionally two or three interceptors will not return and switch to other targets . i have not been able to figure out the exact conditions triggering this . ) ( source of range numbers )
it is called a breaching charge . i believe in the cod series they tend to use " frame charges " for breaching . it is used specifically for explosive door breaching . a breaching charge is a type of shaped charge , which focuses the force of a blast in a specific direction in order to accomplish a specific purpose .
no , there is no penalty in any of the street crimes for killing a suspect rather than capturing them alive , if the option is given to you . if you kill someone who you must capture alive , you will fail the street crime . usually the game will make this distinction clear to you when you start the pursuit . i should mention that if you are interested in achievements ( and your platform supports them ) there are achievements for tackling a suspect and for firing a warning shot to stop a suspect , which you sometimes have the opportunity to do during street crimes . these only count after the tutorial missions ( ie , once you become a full fledged detective ) however , you can always replay a case or street crime later , so these are not missable .
the reward is a bit more challenging playthrough : mobs hit for more damage mobs have higher hitpoints much larger no-cancel radius for creeper explosions if your hunger bar depletes , you will die ( your health stabilizes on lower levels ) zombies break down doors only way to play " hardcore " mode ( i.e. . , you die , your world 's deleted )
yes , it is . go to your skyrim folder . inside this folder there should be a folder called " data " . inside this folder should be a folder called " video " . delete the video called : bgs_logo . bik it should be the only video inside the folder . i have also tested and verified this works ( and does not break the game ) . it just puts you on the start menu where you can load or start a new game . possible locations , replace the path where applicable , check the ( x86 ) folder on 64-bit systems . %programfiles%\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik %programfiles%\the elder scrolls v skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik
anyone not currently using teleport is either not playing inferno ( the only difficulty mode that matters ) , or is using 2-3 other--less effective--defensive skills in its place , and thus wasting time and/or dps . teleport is a wizard 's only escape spell , and it can be used both offensively and defensively depending on your survivability requirements in your best gear ; in inferno , where nearly every champ pack or elite has one or more of fast/teleporting/vortex/jailer mods and so much cc reduction that snares are almost completely ineffective , the way you actually stay alive in practice is like this : dps while kiting , take first hit through force armor ( after stacking a lot of damage reduction on gear , of course ) to proc illusionist and reset your cooldown on teleport , teleport to escape/interrupt/dps as needed , then dps and kite while regenerating health - repeat until your mob is dead . of course , using teleport requires the illusionist passive skill to make any good use of it - but the only other inferno-worthy passives we have at this point are glass cannon/cold blooded/conflagration in terms of offense ( glass cannon being the only one worth taking in all but a handful of only marginally-effective builds ) , and galvanizing ward and blur for defense . ( general rule in choosing passives is this , for those unfamiliar : galvanizing ward until you reach at least 1200 life regen per second without it ; blur until you have enough dr to take advantage of force armor or unless melee damage is not an issue ; illusionist always - because you are always using teleport ; then phase in offensives as you increase your survivability , starting with glass cannon ) . many people recommend teleport with fracture , but i have found that the decoys are extremely unreliable a majority of the time ; to make effective use of them , you really need to use teleport before you have caused any damage to a mob , or else the mob will ignore your decoys completely - but this would mean you are playing inefficiently and overly defensively to begin with , and ultimately hurts your survivability by unnecessarily prolonging fights . i find this rune is only effective when fighting extremely large groups of many , many mobs - in which case , a small portion of them may be distracted by the decoys , which accounts for a moderate amount of overall damage reduction . still , that is almost always an avoidable situation , and manageable in other , better ways . in such a situation , wormhole would be a better option - because it would allow you to escape to a safe area/choke point and take control of the battle from there . in my experience , if you need a strong defensive option , wormhole is just far superior overall ; it lets you completely escape a fight with all but those few extra fast mobs that are already extremely fast by default , ( mostly in act 2 ) , which allows you to re-engage on your own terms - a far more valuable tactical solution than simply avoiding a single attack . if you are very fragile and simply can not take any hits yet , this is your best bet against most mobs and packs . the calamity rune is ideal if you have enough damage reduction to easily survive 3-4 hits through force armor , and enough life regeneration to recoup the loss from one hit in no less than a few seconds ( > 20k health , ~90% dr minimum without dodge , and ~1500 life regen per second ) . the wave of force cast upon landing actually knocks mobs back quite a reasonable distance , does decent damage , interrupts any casting/attack animation on non-bosses ( though you need to be conscious of your latency when using it in this way or they can still hit you if your timing is not perfect ! ) , and can be used both to escape a mob 's area as well as to simply push it away from your area - a huge improvement over other teleport runes in general , and even more so when used in the currently top-performing venom hydra/blizzard build variant , as it requires very precise positioning overall and kiting in the same area to take advantage of venom pools . i used this to great effect beginning in act 2 inferno , when i found i needed something that would allow me to repeatedly escape mobs that could close any distance nearly instantly and which could not be kited effectively with blizzard ( leapers , etc ) , without completely stopping my damage output . if you are forced to use calamity in a primarily defensive capacity for an extended period of time ( i.e. . you do not have enough time to cast 2-3 other dps spells between teleports ) , mirror image with mimics are an excellent addition ; with the small damage component they add while you are running for your life , plus the damage from calamity , kiting battles will go much , much , much faster - helping you avoid enrage timers , as well as keeping you out of harm 's way . if you consider the half-second to one second that mobs spend " confused " after being knocked back every time you use teleport with calamity , your overall reduction of incoming damage is going to be far higher than with any other rune - and you are doing damage at the same time . it is basically a wizard 's form of counter-attacking , and it is very effective when you learn to use it expertly .
all kills by the follower act exactly the same as monsters you have killed yourself . what that means is that you take 20% of the follower 's bonus , add it to your 's , and then apply that to all kills done by either of you .
it increases the value of that item by placing a cool label on it , other than that , there is no special attribute . image grabbed from the tf wiki
the portal must be rectangular ( e . g . 3x3 , 4x2 , 3x5 , but no circles ) . it has a maximum internal size of 21x21 . it must be at least 3 tall , and at least 2 wide ( not including the frame , with the frame that ends up as 5x4 ) . if you build multiple portals in front of each other and light them , only the rear most portal will be visible , but all will function . this may be a bug .
so the map usually places you in a decent spot ( ie . near good resources ) , but you can actually disable this option . if you disable spawning near resources then the answer becomes very obvious . however , even in the case where you do spawn near good resources i always move my scout/warrior first to see if there are better resources i might want . i usually prefer growth based resources over military ones ( ie horses ) or commerce based ones . in ffh2 ( a mod for civ4 ) you frequently start in " bad " locations , and i almost always move to a better location . normally , i do not want my first city near mana , as it does not help a ton to get up and running ( when i have the option of other resources , obviously mana is better than nothing ) , but i do not want someone else to steal it . another thing to consider is the size of your map . on smaller maps , moving your settler is punished by running into other civilizations . on larger maps , you usually have tons of room to look around and expand . my take home might be : usually , just found your city where you start , but always make sure to move your warrior/scout first , just in case .
the recently released patch should alleviate the issue , if not , try using msconfig to disable sound drivers you are not using on startup ( startup tab ) . if that does not work , go to device manager and disable sound devices you are not using .
i would like to tell you that you can play with whatever you like - and for the most part , that is true . however , on higher difficulties , some group combinations can be extremely frustrating and benefit immensely from having a monk or a barbarian on the front lines who can soak hits . while there is no concrete ( or if there are , they are currently unknown ) mechanics governing things like threat - monsters will smash just about anyone in melee with them , and will often sprint off to chase squishies if they want to - there is a definite inclination for most types of monsters to attack things directly in front of them . barbarians and monks , depending on build and items , can soak a considerable amount of damage up and even give their allies defensive boosts that other classes do not always have available to them . without them , kiting becomes utterly mandatory in all scenarios against champions and elites in hell and beyond , and certain ability combinations will end in suffering and sorrow . of course , in the higher difficulties , certain champion/elite abilities will tear through those heightened damage soaking abilities trivially anyway , and some monsters ( mallet lords ! ) will smash them flat regardless of damage soaking - so awareness is still the most important trait a player can have , and you will not find that on gear . tldr : you can succeed with any combination of classes , but a diverse set of classes will cut down on your repair bills and your heartaches significantly . choose carefully if you plan on going to hell or inferno .
it will create mis-matched boundaries , i have tried to create a map with 1.8 , played on it a little and then re-installed 1.7.3 . . . the biomes was a mess , no snow but water was turning to ice in normal biome , mountains were cut off abruptly to create new terrain from the 1.7.3 version . so yeah it will work , but if you create the terrain on 1.7.3 or 1.8 , it will stay as it is but new terrain will be generated compared on which version you are using . see pictures :
the main reason shen takes so little damage in trades is because his w skill , feint , is a shield . essentially this adds to his hp every time it comes off cooldown . in order to help damage him , you can make sure to hit him as soon as his shield disappears and is on cooldown . it is a bit tricky , but manageable . damage dealt when his shield is on is reduced by the strength of his shield . another reason you might be dealing less damage than you expect is because of the damage reduction effect of his e skill , shadow dash . taunted champions deal 50% reduced damage . also , shen gains very high hp regen after hitting a unit he has marked with vorpal blade . this lets him regain health lost to harassment much quicker than most other champions . the final reason you might not be dealing as much damage as you want to is shen 's defensive items . if shen is stacking armor , then he is also going to take less physical damage . the solution to this is building armor penetration , such as last whisper or brutalizer , or simply taking more armor penetration from runes .
from the playstation blog : yes , some games do have this option . what you are looking for is pass-and-play multiplayer . q : how many playstation move motion controllers do i need ? a : most playstation move games only require one motion controller . however , some games may support two controllers for single-player gameplay ( such as the fight : lights out and certain events in sports champions ) or for multiplayer mode . q : how many players can use playstation move at the same time ? a : the actual number of players supported depends on the game you are playing . many playstation move titles support anywhere from 1 to 4 players with many options for gameplay , including single player , pass-and-play multiplayer , competitive , or co-op modes . the ps3 system supports up to seven devices , of which up to four of those devices can be playstation move motion controllers . sports champions does support pass-and-play . sports champions supports 1-4 players through intuitive , pass-and-play gameplay or head-to-head challenges . high velocity bowling does not specifically mention it , but reviews i have read suggest that it supports pass-and-play . brunswick pro bowling does not mention it either , and i can not tell from reviews whether or not pass-and-play is supported . if there is a specific bowling game you are asking about that is not listed , add that to your question and we will see if we can find out whether or not pass-and-play is supported for that game .
tapping a mii twice in the plaza gives an indication of that player 's progress . this progress screen reveals a lot about what is available to achieve in the game . here are all the possible things to achieve in the game . master rank requirements are shown onscreen when picking the level . trophies can be bronze , silver , gold , and platinum . the legend of zelda : battle quest 10 stamps master rank on each level star player pikmin adventure 10 stamps master rank on each level star player metroid blast 15 stamps master rank on each level star player mario chase 5 stamps star player luigi 's ghost mansion 5 stamps star player animal crossing sweet day 5 stamps star player yoshi 's fruit cart 5 stamps trophy star player octopus dance 5 stamps trophy star player donkey kong crash course 5 stamps trophy star player takamaru 's ninja castle 5 stamps trophy star player captain falcon 's twister race 5 stamps trophy star player balloon trip breeze 5 stamps trophy star player
are you talking about goods and materials ? as settlements produce goods , wagon trains can carry them to sea ports , where ships can transport them to europe . ref so you could also move them in wagon train in another city , to turn them into finished goods . the guns and horses could also be moved using a standard unit .
according to a couple of my personal tests , inserting a delay between the lmb and rmb presses , and casting the spell as if without the dual casting perk - twice , results in the fastest leveling . twice as fast , more or less . also , it appears that the higher level the spell , the faster is the leveling process .
try using nbtedit to edit your location . assuming you are running the multiplayer server , the file will be located here : server/world/players/YourName.dat  . . . where server and world are the folders the minecraft server and world files are in , respectively . if you are not running it , you will have to ask the administrator to fix it for you , though . it may be a good idea to look at other player data and set your coordinates to the same as theirs . note that i am not sure if this will actually work , though ; i am going off the assumption that the player dat files are just per-player NBT files , and nbtedit is fairly old . here 's the link to nbtedit : http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/6661-nbtedit/
i am fairly late on this question but in case someone wanders . so this is the path to the saskia and zoltan , what you have to do is just go back the same way . door behind them is used for vergen besieged and acquired key is for the door marked with 7 , really not shure why there is a door protecting few monsters . other marks : 1 pontar valley 2 bullvore 3 zoltan and saskia – connected with hatred symbolized . 4 adam pangratt and the mercenaries – connected with vergen besieged . 5 dethmold and adam pangratt – connected with vergen besieged . 6 vergen exit – accessible only during vergen besieged . ! nekkers , rotfiends
as far as i know , there are no specific factors that influence rare creature spawning , so the answer is just " anywhere lots of base creatures spawn " . here 's a list of creatures ' affinities to areas of aegrus : drifters : hunter 's grotto , right around the lodge . spores : hunter 's grotto , ardorton station , candlerakk 's crag open areas . boroks : hunter 's grotto west and south-east , use elevator , ardorton station west . skags : scylla 's grove mid-south , ardorton station center . scaylions : scylla 's grove north and west tunnels , ardorton station north and east , southwest path of candlerakk 's crag . suggested farming areas would then be : hunter 's grotto for spores , drifters , and boroks , candlerakk 's crag for scaylions , and scylla 's grove for skags . if farming for boroks , it may be effective to start at the lodge , run through scylla 's grove to ardorton , reload there and head back .
there are two ways i know of to create a new village : transplant villagers from an existing village : it is possible to transport villagers from an existing village , such as by placing them in a minecart , but two criteria must be met for them to stay where you unload them : they must be at least 32 blocks from the " center " of the existing village , or else they will simply return to the village . there must be homes at the new village , or else they will simply wander . the wiki discusses what constitutes a " house " and also suggests a number of designs you can use . cure some zombies : as the answer to this question indicates , zombies that spawn either in the wild or from spawners have a chance ( 10% ) of being a zombie villager , which can then be cured using a splash potion of weakness and a golden apple . if you build a village according to the links i gave above , you can then populate it with nearby randomly-spawned zombie villagers that you have cured of their zombie status .
dying does not count as tripping . you can complete the " no tripping " objectives by using save mes . you can also use a headstart .
a quick youtube search pulled up the following video , which helps demonstrate what i am about to tell you you need to do . basically , you should not try to reach the wall under bandage girl , as your position on the wall there prevents you from getting enough vertical boost from the repulsor to safely clear the buzz saw . if you jump from the ( safe ) flat ground before the final repulsor , you can easily clear the buzzsaw , as the video shows . edit : okay , now that you have posted a picture , i have misattributed the source wall of your frustrations . in that case , the answer is much simpler -- you are not supposed to end up on that wall . you need to get over the buzzsaw and inside the 2nd building from the repulsor .
this is a known glitch feature behaviour . it may or may not be by design . thisismyfirstpost can only come up with this exchange as evidence : jakpo8: @jeb_ can a piston push another piston ? # jeb_: @jakpo8 only when the other piston is contracted #
yes , they are all available . the poi you are missing is called the lost grotto . it is tricky because the entrance to the area is across the map . i have marked the area you need to start with a red x . head to those docks and then in between them , underwater , you will find a tunnel . swim through that tunnel and follow the way through across the zone to find the lost grotto . it is a secret base for the order of whispers . you can also check out this youtube video : the vista you are missing is another one that is tricky to get . take the farshore waypoint and run up to tokk 's mill . at the door , you need to jump on on the straw piles to the roof , then drop down behind them . there is a tunnel/door hidden by some hanging vines to the right after you jump down . you will need to climb some more rocks and then you will see the vista . you can see this process in the following video :
it is based on the same timer as diablo 2 . to wit : regular items and gold disappear after exactly 10 minutes . magic items will disappear after 20 minutes . rare , set , crafted , and unique items will disappear after lying on the ground for 30 minutes .
the blacksmith costs more gold to level than the jeweler . much more . at all likelyhood , you will be easily able to keep the jeweler at a similar level to your character ( that is , making gems of the appropriate level ) while the blacksmith will start to lag behind . at any rate , the bottleneck and primary gold sink is definitely the blacksmith , so leveling up the two at the same time is definitely viable , simply because the total cost of the jewler is essentially an afterthought .
so map control is a very ephemeral concept , but at its core is the idea that you can control space ( area ) on the map and prevent things like : expansions , harassment , scouting . since map control is largely concerned with covering area , having map control usually means having units which are very fast and thus can respond quickly . additionally , it often times means having good vision on most of the map . its important to note , that vision helps you maintain map control , but in and of itself it does not give you control . control is the ability to respond quickly . consider the following scenario : you are a terran player who went mmm . you have a large force and its sitting in the center of the map . how quickly can you respond to reaper harass ? if you see nydus tunnels on opposite sides of the map , what can you do about it ? what can you do about overseers contaminating your buildings ? what is you are response to a void prism ? or void ray in the back of your base ? now compare that player to a terran player who went 1:1:1 and has a lot of vikings . all of a sudden he can be everywhere very quickly . reaper harass ? vikings land in the front and back and you have got him . overseer scouts ? shut down . you control the map and what happens on it . map control is very powerful not only because you can scout but also because you can expand . if i am starting up a new expansion away from my main , i have the choice of putting my army there , or in my main , or splitting it up . the first two options lead to suffering from harassment , the last one suffers from having poor response to a big push . however , if you have units which can quickly move around the map and shut down harassment , all of a sudden you are free to expand and out macro your opponent . this is very much a dominate strategy in broodwars . some units which help with map control are : vikings hellions banshee mutalisks speedlings phoenix warpgate + pylon but this is by no means an exhaustive list . a number of people have said that vision connotes map control , or helps a slow force respond quickly . while vision is nice , it is ultimately a scouting technique . if you have sufficient scouting it is still possible for an opponent to launch successful harassment if you do not have the units to respond . since map control is based around the ability to respond , having vision is largely beneficial , it reducing your response time . additionally , being able to scout your opponents base also reduces response time . neither of these things , in and of themselves , gives you control . the only determining factor is : can you respond ? in answer to this question i largely focused on what units gave map control instead of how to scout as scouting is largely a different question . this is not to understate its importance though .
in the history of cs there is the phenomenon that if you turn and face the bomb when it explodes the damage done to you will be reduced . this was until cs:go , they removed this feature from the game . you will see that most people even high skilled player do so because they are used to it or they just do not know proof :
how it works when gameshark ( and other game enhancer products/homebrew ) gets loaded by the console , the enhancer is what launches the actual game . in doing so , it leaves behind a code handler in the system ram and " hooks " the game 's programming . specific locations in a game 's programming that get executed roughly every frame ( like reading the controller data ) are where " hooks " will be placed . ( because sdks are used , this makes finding hooks that work in all games for a system much easier ) what the hook actually does is redirect the flow of programming to the code handler the enhancer left behind . once the code handler is finished executing , it returns the flow of programming back to the point of hijacking . if you are familiar with gameshark 's " master code " , that is what sets the hook . ( other enhancers - like gecko os for wii - do not need master codes because the enhancer itself has a handful of sdk-based hooks that it can " find " in the game while it loads . ) structure of codes now a code itself is separated into three parts : the codetype ( this is usually the first byte of the code-- the first 2 hex characters ) . codetypes are specific to the enhancer . the address in ram that the codetype will use . the value the codetype will use at the specified address . the most common codetypes are : ram writes ( typical options are 8bit , 16bit , or 32bit ) with ram write , the codehandler will take the value and place it at the address . ( changing whatever was there , like setting your health to 100 ! ) conditionals ( typical options are > , &lt ; , = , ! = ) with conditionals , the codehander reads the value at the code 's address and compares it to the value in the code . if the comparison returns true , then the codehander will execute the next line in the code . ( how many lines it executes is up to the enhancer and often is an option in the codetype itself ! ) there is plenty more info we could dive into , but that should give you a good basis for understanding . = ) source : game hacker since 1999 , founder of http://geckocodes.org
steam does not use sandboxes . for example , in windows , steam games usually save their data in my documents , appdata , their own installation folder or steam 's steam cloud folder ( which syncs back to the online storage service for your saves , configurations and other user data ) . some even install other programs , like a multiplayer component 's library ( e . g . : games for windows - live ) . valve , however , put some restrictions in place to prevent unwanted behaviour , like a game installing a publisher 's games marketplace without asking . the only thing closest to doing that is ubisoft 's uplay , which ubisoft wanted to use for updating their games , so instead of shipping the full client each game comes with a mini version that lacks the marketplace and can only be started when you start its associated game . games on steam are mostly the same as their retail counterparts , only slightly modified to use steam 's authentication drm and made downloadable through steam 's servers . steam offers additional services in return , like automatic updates , cloud synchronisation of game user data , achievements , leaderboards and other personalised data ( look at a user 's team fortress 2 stats for an example ) and more .
yup , widow mine damage splashes ground if it hits air targets and vice versa . behold : a raven directly atop an scv ! after launching a missile at the raven : you will notice the scv is damaged , and both units have retreated after being damaged ( hence the rotated model ) .
unfortunately , i do not believe steam for os x will let you even download a windows app you buy through steam . i suppose you could drag and drop the game files , and then restore the game from the copied files , but i am not sure whether that works between platforms . and because steam usually tries to launch all steam games itself ( at least on windows ) , i do not think it would be possible to force a game to run under wine unless steam itself consents . you may be able to run non-drmed games directly by double-clicking the executable , but i am unsure about this .
penetration values for ap shells are for 0-100m . after 100m , the penetration falls off . penetration values for heat ( and he ) shells are true any range . at longer ranges ( > 300m ) , you are actually getting a higher effective penetration . spgs like the su-26 are often firing at these longer ranges . note that heat and he shells are not normalized like ap/apcr shells , so heat and he are less effective against angled or sloped armor . see http://wiki.worldoftanks.com/battle_mechanics#penetration_mechanics and http://wiki.worldoftanks.com/ammo for references .
yes , it is possible . your game license should allow you to download any language available in your region . as your region would be eu , you would have access to the great britain version of the client . if for some reason you have any issues , you can also follow the instructions located here to work around it . of note though , the actual dvd 's will probably contain only the polish version , so you will need to download the english language pack . i presume you will have no problem accessing an internet connection though .
i discovered that if i have them selected , and do this , then it does not work . however , if i make sure that nothing is selected , then if works . what i mean , is , in the console , when you have something selected , you can see the refid . if you can see any refid , then setessential will not work . it works if you have nothing selected .
i went straight to the source and just e-mailed xbox support . i did not think they would answer , but to my surprise , they did respond ( screenshot of email is the best proof i can give ) with the invalid characters . there are 8 invalid letters and 3 invalid digits : A E I O U L S N 0 1 5  that leaves them with 18 valid letters and 7 valid digits : B C D F G H J K M P Q R T V W X Y Z 2 3 4 6 7 8 9  with 25 characters needed for a code and 25 possible letters and digits , if my math is right , and it is entirely possible it is not , that is ( 18+7 ) 25 which my calculator says is 8.8817842 × 10 34 , which equals a whole lot of different combinations . screenshot of the e-mail from xbox support :
they are food resources . they are similar to luxury/strategic resources in that they give you an additional bonus to the output of the hex if you build their corresponding building on the hex , but unlike luxury/strategic resources they do not provide any bonus other than to the output of the hex , and so they cannot be traded . other examples are fish , deer , and sheep .
they will sometimes move automatically but for the most part you have to shoot them . do not feel bad , they are just b.o.b. s
looking at your water map , it looks like you have been pumping sewage through your water system : while placing your water pumps and sewage filtering system next to each other is the way to ensure you do not run out of water , you must replace all of your water pumps with filtration pumps , otherwise you will just be pumping sewage around your city , which will not only result in massive ground pollution but also make your sims seriously ill .
according to a fan database there are 406 known cards , with numbers going up to 412 . there are several gaps in the list which may or may not be filled later .
my wife and i do tank/heal while leveling our alts , and i have a macro that says people are welcome to join us in there . i have only had one person do it , but it is still an option . beats typing it every time . if you do not tell them they are there , they will not know you are there ! :- )
i emailed fingersoft support and they replied with this : the boost gauge indicates the use of turbo on vehicle that have it . sami-jukka piippo ( fingersoft ) this means the boost gauge is different for each vehicle , simply displaying the level of turbo on that particular vehicle . for example the tank has a high boost ( or turbo ) according to the hill climb wiki , making the boost gauge max out at a high position . this is shown in this picture : there is no boost that you can activate , nor does it give you an advantage when full . the boost gauge is accurate when at full rpm . the top boost can be affected by upgrades .
firstly , do you have a hospital ? if not , build one , even if it is just a bed somewhere random . ( your dining hall would actually be a pretty good place ) even though you do not have any dwarfs that are trained in those skills , it does not mean they can not do them . it just means they will suck . so pick a dwarf who is not busy and activate the medical skills on him and deactivate all the rest . he should run and get the dwarf and carry him back to the hospital bed . make sure you have buckets and prepared meals . wounded dwarfs who can not feed themselves need to be feed by other dwarfs . buckets provide drinks , and prepared meals provide food . i think just any food can be given to a wounded dwarf , but i have always had the most luck with prepared meals . finally , wait . either the dwarf you esoterically assigned to be a doctor will patch your dwarf back together ( assuming you have a traction bench , cast powder , and crutches ) or he will keep him alive until a more skilled dwarf comes to save the day .
calves will only jump when certain things are in front of them and they are trying to get across/through , including : one-block high jumps fences ( and they fail ) half slabs blocks that are slightly less than one block in height , including soulsand and farmland ( 1/16 shorter than a normal block ) water ( jump continuously as they swim ) holes ( jump continuously to attempt to get out ) . not sure if there are any others . if i find any i will edit my answer .
there is no way that i am aware of to reserve a specific bit of track for trains - unless you wish to use electrified railway for your through trains and non-electrified railway for your termini trains . the better way to achieve what you want is waypoints . the screenshot below is taken from one of my recent games . the outer two platforms are intended for through trains , and the middle two platforms for terminating trains . through and terminating trains arrive from both directions , hence the north and south waypoints . all trains have orders to go through one of the waypoints , otherwise trains without waypoint orders may go in to the wrong platform by mistake . if we simplify things for your scenario , with a single terminating bay and through platforms , we had probably build something like this ; as trains can only terminate from one direction , only one set of waypoints is needed unlike the previous example . the downside to this particular configuration is that terminating trains need to cross over the other line , blocking it . a centre terminating bay would avoid this problem . as alluted to by pvt . grinchmann in the comments though , waypoints do have a small cost associated with them . however , it is likely the only way to achieve exactly what you want .
from a plot point of view , the world is affected by the dreams / nightmares of the bubble dreamer ( the guy with the beard below ) , so i guess he dreams about bubbles a lot . in terms of gameplay , this blog entry on the rayman website describes the thinking behind bubbles : a health bar didn’t feel right in a game where you might lose all those hard earned “health points” by falling into a pit . so it was natural to limit those , and a great opportunity to get rid of the gui . instead we took the bubblizing approach . if you take a hit or fall into a pit you turn into a bubble . you can be revived by one of your co-op partners with a simple punch or jump . . . . in co-op mode . if your friend is running ahead , you are left with fewer opportunities to kick ass . so michel came up with the idea to bubblize enemies . it was great , because all of a sudden lagging players could finish those bad guys , and earn one of those happy lums too .
the amount of favor you obtain when donating is equivalent to its value listed on the item 's info page divided by ten . the value seems to be rounded to the nearest whole number ( . 1- . 4 will be rounded down , . 5- . 9 rounded up ) . this applies to all items you throw into shrine - all giants treat all items equally . the only exception to this rule , as far as i know , is elements - even though they have no listed value , when donated they give a small amount of favor . one thousand red element for instance seem to yield 20 favor . using shrine powder will increase the value of your next donation . fairly hallowed shrine powder will double the value , while extremely hallowed shrine powder will triple the value . to farm favor efficiently , you should gather up a large number of one type of item and donate them all under the influence of extremely hallowed shrine powder .
after taking a quick peek at the code , this is just the intended behaviour of a cookie potion and has no direct bearing at all . but wait , there is more ! this code got me curious , because it is a base64-encoded string of various values - similar to the save format - and similar to the ( obviously-related ) cookie clicker save format . first step - cleaning up at the end ( %3D becomes = , and %21END%21 is discarded - it would just be turned into !END! , to mark the end ( duh ! ) of the code ) : 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 the above code is compatible with the current version of cookie clicker and results in the following game state : but wait , there is more ! if we decode it from base64 , we get this code : 1.0393||1378830632876 ; nan ; 1383239138575|001100|1929852769.060055 ; 706421271749.1023 ; 8297 ; 19 ; 13825599421.881443 ; 80 ; -1 ; -1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 67 ; 47969 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0|128,129,7684536217,0 ; 105,106,2376679320,0 ; 101,101,54173598,0 ; 101,101,239011981,1 ; 82,82,613410826,0 ; 58,58,1414881926,0 ; 50,50,2831132572,0 ; 50,50,40566625273,0 ; 27,27,66454955460,0 ; 16,16,227782320454,0 ; |4503599627370495 ; 4503100337422335 ; 2251834173401703 ; 3940649673959935 ; 2251799945805963 ; 137438953473|4503047791083519 ; 2392816740112091 ; 1025 importing this save in cookie clicker classic , results in an even fancier save state , as follows :
enemy scripting tends to keep them from activating until the player has arrived in the area . gunfire within their " arena " will alert them , but generally they are already active by then . walking and crouching does not have any game effect on detection . most detection is not – it is scripted activation , not ai detection . enemies are insensitive to light levels . the flashlight does not alert them to your presence . usually they already act like they know you are there . hiding and line-of-sight is not a notable game mechanic . enemies either know you are there or they do not – once activated , they will know where you are at all times ( unless of course they are acting out a " where is the target " scripted scene , which happens but is limited to fixed moments in the game ) . enemies are alerted forever , and all enemies in an arena 's group will activate at the same time as soon as you arrive at the trigger location . they do not deactivate or engage in a search routine like in stealth-based games . enemy activation is mostly or entirely scripted . you generally can not avoid detection , although you sometimes have a second or two between when the script triggers and when the script makes the enemy start acting like it is aware of you . you can get off a few shots in that time , but there is no way to avoid activation once their script starts running . the different categories of enemies are scripted to act differently . combine soldiers and support creatures generally behave as if they are using networked/radio intelligence on your location . animals and xenofauna behave more like animals , using different triggers ( e . g . stepping on sand near antlions , water creatures ignoring you until you are in the water ) to activate .
sethbling rigged up a giant self-detonating creeper statue that would only detonate when people were within a chunk or two of it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=phvwgtj1hsc sethbling 's videos are very short and sweet , so i will let him explain .
assuming you did not let energy armor decay , it is likely due to the force armor hotfix - amount of damage absorbed from a single attack will now cap at 100% of a player’s maximum life . though this is poorly worded , this basically means that while force armor will trigger on any hit larger than 35% of your health pool , it will not absorb more than 100% of your life in damage - for example , with your 23,000 life , if you were to take a hit for 60,000 damage , force armor will attempt to reduce it to 35% of your total life - 8,050 damage . however , since it is not able to absorb more than 100% of your life , it can not reduce it below 37,000 total damage , thus killing you in one shot .
this website appears to have a calculator that allows you to determine the amount of experience needed from one level to another .
deus ex was released for mac in 2000 , but it was for powerpc macs , and as such is no longer supported on any recent version of mac os . wikipedia points out : the pc version will run on intel-based macs using crossover , boot camp or other software to enable a compatible version of microsoft windows to run on a mac . so you could use something along the lines of vmware fusion to run windows on your mac , should you choose . i have not used virtualbox to run windows on a mac , but that is another option . this would require you to own a license for a version of windows , plus a copy of vmware fusion , virtualbox , or apple 's own bootcamp . you could also try using darwine or some other variant of wine to run the game , which would not require vmware or a copy of windows . word is that this method works well , although it likely will require some tweaking and config file editing , so if that sort of thing makes you squeamish , you have been warned . since the game was released for mac os 9 , if you had a mac os copy of the game , you might be able to get it going with sheepshaver . again , not for the weak of heart , but possible . there was no xbox or xbox 360 version of deus ex , so having an xbox will not help . however , it was ported to the ps2 , if you could turn one of those up plus a copy of the ps2 port . finally , if you could find an old laptop or computer from the last 10 years that nobody minds you borrowing , you could just run it natively in windows , as warren spector intended . the original game is still available , it is on steam , for instance . there is really very little plot-wise that connects the two games ( a few minor things you might not catch if you have not already played de . most of it is past the end credits , and little to nothing carries over between hr and de2 ) . plus human revolution is a prequel , so you could play this game first , then play deus ex , which would be , in effect , playing them in chronological order .
so there are a lot of factors here and i will try to break down them into categories : why do i get zerglings when are zerglings good how do you use zerglings the short answer to your question is : zerglings are not necessary ( by any means ) , but they are a very useful unit in a large number of situations . why do i get zerglings ? the question of why people get zerglings is an important one so let 's first talk about what zerglings do well . zerglings are the most cost effective damage per minerals in the entire game . there is no unit which ( for cost ) is as good at tearing things down . looking over my charts , zerglings do a whopping 28.74dps for every 100 minerals ( unupgraded ) the next closest unit is stimmed marines at 20.9 ( for reference a zealot does 13 , a charged voidray 6.25 vs armored and a hydra 9.6 ) . so when it comes to laying on damage there is no better choice . if we want to look at hit points , we see 35 for 25 minerals ( a roach is 145 for 100 minerals ) so there is no doubt that this is a very cost effective unit . going beyond how cheap they are , speedlings are incredible fast units ( 4.7 off creep , compared to upgraded reapers 3.8 or hellions 4.25 ) which give you a large amount of map control . this combined with their small size and high dps means they are very effective for harassment and hit and run tactics . so when we look at why people get zerglings it is for two major reasons : cheap unit great harassment banelings both of which the zergling excels at ( i know i put a third one there , but this is about zerglings ; banelings are covered elsewhere ) . when are zerglings good ? obviously they are a very effective unit early game , but this is largely a result of the problem : teching takes time . instead let 's look at when zerglings are not good . zerglings are not good when your opponent is getting units which are effective against them . reapers , hellions , zealots , etc , you probably know the drill by now . because people often open with these units it definitely leads to perception that zerglings are an underpowered unit . what is more any ranged unit that works in large groups ( eg . marine balls ) really reduce zerglings effectiveness . because zerglings are a melee unit the " surface area " of your opponent 's army is an important factor in how to use them . shapes with a large surface area ( eg . a line ) allow for many zerglings to attack at once . shapes with a small surface area ( eg . a circle ) allow for fewer zerglings to attack at once . as a result , even though you may have many more zerglings than he has zealots ( for example ) if he clusters his zealots together they can over come these numbers ( think the spartans in the movie 300 ) . terrain also plays a role here . if his units span a gap , then you have even less surface area your zerglings can access . finally , zerglings really suck in small numbers . this is the biggest mis-usage of zerglings i see . someone builds 24 zerglings and sends them to fight 10 zealots . i know 24 zerglings feels like a lot , but its really not . think of supply for a second . 24 zerglings are 12 supply , while 10 zealots are 20 supply . while supply is not the greatest indicator of a units effectiveness you can quickly see why you really do not have enough zerglings for this fight . if i am going muta/ling and i want half my force to be mutalisks , half to be zerglings , and to have about 60 drones , that means i should have about 140 zerglings . if i have 40 or even 60 , i am just not building enough . so zerglings are good when you have a lot you can pick where you fight you are not against units which really hurt them how do you use zerglings ? there are really two parts to this question : the micro and the timing . zerglings require a decent amount of micro . despite what you have seen with ai pathing and auto surround , the ai is actually pretty dumb . if you stick your zerglings behind hydralisks who are attacking , they will get stuck back there . additionally , zerglings will target whatever is closest to them ( frequently zealots ) instead of what they excel against . finally , a zergling will run right up to a unit and start hitting it . while this works well for units standing in place , any unit on the move means the zergling will get in one hit before it falls behind . it also means that its brothers now have to run around it to hit the target . reference material notice how the zerglings just run up to the reaper and only get a hit or two in before it gets away ? now imagine , if you will , if instead of attacking the reaper the zerg player had moved ( not attackmove ) behind the reaper . as the zerglings spread out in a line ( as they do when moving ) they would be in a line passing the reaper . now when the zerg player attacked , the zerglings would surround the reaper , preventing escape , and do more damage , even if it did escape ) . while this micro seems relatively trivial it is essential to proper zergling usage . it not hard to practice either . get used to moving your zerglings ( not attackmove ) past your target and as they pass by , then attack . timing is another tricky thing with zerglings . because they require so much surface area attacking a large mmm ball ( or an entrenched position ) is rarely a good idea . instead , find opportune moments to run your zerglings into his mineral line , or kill of proxy pylons , or attack his mmm ball when its spread out . you will find your zerglings are far more effective and do a lot more damage . take home material go to 34m 19s so should you learn and start using zerglings ? without question . having another unit in your arsenal is always a good idea . however , zerglings have some intrinsic properties which make them extremely useful and your play will benefit from them .
it appears the amount of experience lost upon dying is approximately the same as the amount of orbs that gets dropped . upon the player 's death , a number of experience orbs are dropped at the location of death . … the number of orbs that are reclaimed is about the same number as the amount lost . - mc wiki upon testing it myself , it seems the experience dropped is not equal to the experience you had before you died . after running three tests , i usually got about 1/2 of the experience i had before i died . this image contains three tests : the experience meter before is on top and the experience bar after is below . also , in the third test , i had an entire bar of experience plus what is shown .
yes . according to nisa 's official forums , the only significant edit was the removal of the bath mini games : the japanese version of the game contained a mini-game in which the player had to scrub/grope 2d depictions of female characters in a variety of bath scenes . the characters and surrounding audio/visual elements were extremely sexualized , and a number of the characters were depicted as potentially being pubescent or pre-pubescent . we decided to remove this content out of concern for the potential of receiving an ao rating from the esrb , which would prevent us from releasing the game . in addition , as a company , we did not want nisa to release or be known for content that could be seen as sexualizing or objectifying children in this way . as this system contained no real story elements or gameplay ( it was used to level up your characters , but the player 's inputs had no impact on the final stats ) we felt it was not a substantial loss of content . note that your characters will still level up as if you had viewed the scenes , so no gameplay functionality is lost . this is the same for all territories . our decision was not based on the reception in any one particular region . it was a sum-total decision based on a variety of factors . time and resources has made it unfeasible to release multiple versions of the game across different regions . they cannot release dlc with rating-affecting content because it would have to be rated and could change the game 's base rating : if you release dlc that has material that is potentially " more pertinent " to the esrb ( i.e. . objectionable ) then that dlc has to be submitted for rating , and it can potentially change the rating of the game itself . in this case , we would be facing the same issue as we faced in the beginning . so this is not an option . for the same reasons , we are also unable to release another version with all the content . other than that , they did some minor contextual dialogue edits to make them fit more in-line with the tone and may have toned down sadie a bit ( she is a little more extreme and blunt in the japanese delivery ) , but not in any way that loses meaning or affects the narrative .
pools of darkness for the c64 ? i am quite sure that secret of the silver blades was the last ad and d-game for the c64 . but if you are really talking about pools of darkness , here are some hints : take only human characters in your party . all other races have level limits for all classes but thief . in fact humans will often start with a higher level than the maximum level other races can achieve . take six fighting classes ( fighter , ranger , paladin ) in your party and level them until they got 2 attacks/round . that would be level 13 for fighters and paladins and level 15 for rangers . than change their classes : i recommend to change three of them to mage , one to cleric and one to thief . as soon as you get you characters up to level 14 ( or 16 , if they were rangers ) , they will get back their old abilities in addition to the abilities of the new class . so you have casters with lots of hp , that are able to use efficiently all kinds of weapons . instead of equipping you characters with heavy armour , give them rings of protection , cloaks , bracers , etc . . this way you will get the lowest ac . one of my characters got an ac of -21 wearing the following with dex 18: silver shield +5 , bracers ac2 , ring of prot . +3 , helm+4 , cloak of prot . +4 . when you have created new characters you can choose to modify their attributes with the fitting option in the main menue . you can keep your armour in the planes beyond limbo , if remove your characters from the party before going there and add one party-member as a dummy . after you arrived just replace the dummy with you original characters . i think you have to keep at least one character in you party before you add the dummy .
your beans have not depreciated in value ; that particular merchant is simply not interested in purchasing them from you . they will show as grayed out in the trade window . if you wait for other merchants to arrive who want beans , you can trade with them .
if you enter setessential 1C605 1 in the console , he will not be able to die .
for starters , you should look the map for a commander if any is present . if so , he should be giving the orders ( if he is a good commander and not just someone who wants to show his shining blue icon ) . if no commander is present , people usually gather in " buses of player " , in order to raid places with a massive force . it is usually a good group to learn wvw as well as doing things with lot of successes . eventually , you will want to do something on your own . if so , be sure to bring some friends along in your party . there are some thing a small group ( or even a single person ) can do : raiding supply camps ( be sure to avoid camps that has been taken within the last 5 minutes , as the supervisor will have a strong buff ) raiding towers with a ram ( requires at least 4 person to be able to built it if untouched by the enemy ) scouting : intelligence is a need for every strategist . being able to provide insight on the enemy progress will help the leaders to choose the right course of action . raiding keeps : there are times when a prolonged battle takes place between two ( or even three ) large forces on a map . and during these phases , a well organised group may be able to quietly gain control of a keep . of course , you will need rams and thus enough supply . but i recall one time where i took shadaran hills with only 4 players of my guild . of course , do not expect to succeed this unless you get some luck ( we also were prepared to be wiped out before reaching the second door , but seems they were so occupied by the main battles that they did not take attention to us :p ) do not feel oppressed by the player giving orders on the /map , you can contribute to it yourself . do not hesitate to ask questions too , many players will be kind enough to help you .
it is an additional splash damage amount in addition to the weapon card damage . percentages vary by weapon type . some maliwan weapons list " deals bonus elemental damage " as an effect . these weapons deal an additional portion of elemental damage as splash damage around the bullet impact . the splash damage equals 50% of the weapon card damage for sniper rifles and plasma casters , and 80% for pistols ; it is multiplied as normal for the element type , but is not further multiplied by critical hits or badass rank " elemental effect damage . " amp shield damage only applies on direct hits , and not this splash damage . however , the splash damage can trigger an elemental damage over time effect independently of the main bullet , resulting in double dot triggers on some shots . this effect is especially useful on slag-snipers as the elemental explosion is guaranteed to slag the target even on a non-direct hit , as opposed to non-maliwan sniper rifles that need to hit the target in addition to having only a reduced chance of applying the slag effect . rocket launchers with " deals bonus elemental damage " are a special case . whereas normal rocket launchers simply deal their weapon card damage as splash damage in a certain radius , dbed rocket launchers have two separate splash ranges . the smaller splash range deals 50% of the weapon card damage , and the larger splash range deals 25% of the weapon card damage . these stack , however , so anything within the smaller range is also hit by the larger range , resulting in a total of 75% weapon card damage on close hits . as with pistols and sniper rifles , these two damage effects can trigger the damage over time effect independently . source : borderlands wiki , " borderlands 2 elemental damage - bonus elemental damage "
after messing with various console commands , i figured out one way to solve it . i added lydia to the imperial legion faction with the following console commands : prid A2C94 addfac 2BF9A 1  i also had to use resetai on everyone involved ( i opted to just kill a few of them ) to make everyone put their weapons away .
once you have built a basic town portal , all of your heroes gain a town portal basic spell in their spellbook . when a hero is standing in a town with a basic town portal , they can cast town portal basic to teleport to any other towns you own . according to the mouseover , the spell requires 15 movement points in addition to the 10 mana .
as of the 1.05 patch , there is now an option on the social tab to have auction house events show up in the chat log . this includes all the things that you would get as toasts when not in a game , such as being outbid , having an item sell , winning an auction , etc .
edit : updated for 1.0.4 you can cancel any auction , so long as no bids have been made on it yet . if you want to change the buyout price , you will need to cancel the auction ( assuming no current bids ) , and re-list it with the new starting/buyout prices ) . the ability to cancel auctions with no bids was added in patch 1.0.4 . prior to that , the following historical answer was valid : you have 5 minutes from the start of the auction to cancel it . once you are past that 5 minute mark , there is no way to end the auction early , short of someone purchasing the item via buyout . you cannot change the minimum bid or buyout price once the auction is started . your only options are to wait and see if someone buys it , or possibly give someone else ( that you trust ! ) the money for the buyout , have them buy it , give it back to you , and put it back on the ah at a new price . keep in mind that you will wind up losing money this way to the ah fees , however .
the japanese spelling of fi 's name is \u30d5\u30a1\u30a4 , the romanization of which is fai . therefore , the english pronunciation would be fa\u026a ( english ipa ) , as in rhyming with the word " my . " ( you wrote this as " fy " . )
they need to be ported . the official line is that the psp xperia is a " playstation phone " and not a " playstation portable " . seems like a bit of a letdown if you ask me . here is a quote : " [ xperia play owners ] will have to repurchase the games , so it is not totally integrated . i think the exciting thing is that there are games which people are very , very aware of . "
you may now purchase days of hero time on the die2nite website . there is also another way to become a hero : manage to pull out of a town that has lasted for five complete days as the last man standing , and you will be rewarded not only with a special distinction but also with a certain amount of hero days depending on how long you survived . you can read up on last man standing and the rewards here .
there are multiple ways to play dishonored , if you are playing by killing and still remaining hidden shadow kill is a useful skill as you do not have to take care of the bodies which can tip off enemies . as to your second question , a body being found also produces chaos in addition to that of killing .
if you are willing to put the button on the bottom block , this is not too hard . try something like this : here 's another shot from the top : and here 's one from the back : when either the button is pressed or someone stands on the pressure plate , the door will open . if you want the button to be at eye level , you can make a minor modification , as suggested in the comments : this will allow you to move the button up one block , at the cost of two repeaters . keep in mind that this will add a ( very ) small delay to the circuit , but considering it is a button , this might even be an advantage .
i would update adobe air at www.adobe.com and run a graphic card driver update search on the website of the kind of card you got its much more precise .
go to the diablo 3 game guide . each class has a " progression " tab , that will show you exactly what skills , runes , and passives you unlock at each level . there is no way in-game to see what you recently unlocked .
there are unfortunately no other ways than the two you mention to change the ability set during a session . it is indeed sometimes frustrating as you say ( even more i can imagine if you experience a bug on top of it ) . if you have to die , try heading for an honorable death , canceling your pursuer 's bonuses .
there are quite a few difficulties you will run into by using the wiimote-alone controls . showstoppers you cannot use the up tilt attack properly . up tilts are used by attacking while pressing up without smashing . but on the wiimote , pressing up is always considered a smash ( it makes you jump ) , so the only way to use an up tilt is to begin holding up during some other action ( so that when the action 's over you are holding up and a smash is not recognized ) . it is difficult if not impossible ( or at least it is for me ) to angle forward tilts . quite a few f-tilts can be angled up or down , which alters their damage and hitbox location , but you have to have a very precise vertical position of the control stick which i do not think a d-pad can replicate . f-smashes can be angled because you can just hold up or down before the charge interval ends , but f-tilts have to be angled on startup . issues special moves that use analog controls are harder to manipulate . examples include quick attack , pk thunder , and fire fox : your ability to aim them is heavily limited . the default shield button is B , which is not exactly in a convenient location . the default grab button is either - ( which is even more out-of-the way than the shield button ) or A+B ( which if you do not get it right might make you taunt instead ) . you cannot shift your shield . with a control stick you can reposition your shield by moving the stick around . but with a d-pad , pressing any direction results in enough of an input to cause you to jump , roll , or sidestep . shield shifting is useful if your shield is a bit small and you can see an attack going for an exposed bit . niggles there is no " quick smash " option like the gamecube/classic controller 's c-stick or the wiimote+nunchuk 's shake smash . yes you can get a quick f-smash by pressing 1+2 , but the other two smashes do not have an equivalent ( pressing 1+2 with up or down is basically the same result as just 2 . ) you cannot walk slowly . notes you can shorthop with wiimote-alone , and it is no tricker than with other controllers . using a wiimote-nunchuck will fix all these problems ; having a control stick really is the way to go and all the button functions are in more accesible locations ( except for maybe the side taunt ) . smash bros . was simply not designed for d-pad use .
try the ' legions ' mod - a mod for stacked unit combat for civilization v . it is very old , though . this mod makes the following changes to civilization v : removes the 1upt ( one unit per tile ) limit . legions mod is completely modular and can be run concurrently with other mods . attack i promotion- +15% when attacking . attack ii promotion- +15% when attacking . attack iii promotion- +15% when attacking . city defense promotion- +25% when defending a city . defense i promotion- +15% when defending . defense ii promotion- +15% when defending . defense iii promotion- +15% when defending . shock promotions now give a standard +10% to combat instead of +20% on open terrain . unit maintenance is reduced by 25% . units in cities no longer get additional hit points , to adjust for the ability to stack defenders in cities . this mod does not add any new ui to help manage the ability to stack units . so unit is still need to be moved individually , and there is no easy way to look at the statistics of stacked units . the ui does not compensate for stacked units - so it probably is not ideal if you a lot of units ( 20+ ) . however , it is very good for moving smaller amounts together ( less than 10 ? ) .
you will never beat it , it is endless like temple run . in the words of the great clevland brown : you never win , you just do a little better every time .
the solution is to turn off all cheats before doing story missions .
no you can not . the cooperative achievements do not trigger if you play custom games . to get them you need to play cooperative in the Multiplayer tab . yea i do not have friends and i am a noob^^ but as answered here , this is not possible with the starter edition .
very good question , i am pretty sure i have figured it out and its a bit disappointing . i think i know this for version 1.2.1 . also i think there is a bug in the scoring . you get a fixed amount of points for killing creeps ( differs per wave ) and for lives left after wave 20 ( 2000 per life ) . besides that you get points for calling a wave early , 250 per wave , going down if you wait longer . however if you call the wave before the previous wave is dead ( an the timer for the next wave starts ) you do not get any points , i think that is a bug . one thing i have not explicitly checked is if you get more points for fast forward , but i am pretty sure you do not . this sadly enough also means that the absolute max score lies somewhere around 57.500-58.000 points when playing on hard , even when you easily beat all the waves there is no way to get a higher score . i hope the developers add an infinite waves mode , fix the bugs with sending waves early and allowing 2 waves at the same time and/or add an extra difficulty level . cause it would easily make me play all levels another 10 times ; )
the xbox live service is now ( 11/13/13 ) available in slovakia . : )
the protection enchantment only applies to that piece of armor , so while they do not " stack " with one piece affecting other pieces , wearing a full set of protection iv protects you more than wearing just one piece .
the decision is based upon how many roaches you have versus how many roaches they have and if you have to engage them in a battle right at that moment . in this type of mirror match you always want to try to catch them not watching or when you have an advantage . lets take a look at the two abilities . fungal growth : aoe damage , 30 ( 40 to armored ) over 4 seconds . casted by the player . holds the affected targets in place . spawn infested terran : eggs that take 5 seconds to hatch , have a 100 health . hatched infested terran has 50 health , lives for 30 seconds and does 8 base damage per attack . at a quick look the fungal does more damage straight up . but there are hidden bonuses that casting infested terran has . for starters their eggs soak up a lot of extra damage . at 100 health , that is 100 damage that your roaches are not taking . and they also spit out a little damage back , and in large number do significant damage , especially if they are upgraded . but mainly infested terrans are there for soaking up damage in the scenario of this question . if you have more roaches , you always want to use fungals over infested marines . you want to hold his army in place so that you can destroy it while keeping your army . if you have a lot of energy throw in infested terrans too so they can soak up damage as mentioned before . the less damage your roaches take , the better . you want to save energy for more fungals for the next engagement so you do not want to spend all your energy on spawning infested terrans in your fight ( unless it is the killing blow , or it is going to be really close battle ) . if you do not have enough energy to fungal and you see that they have more roaches and a few infestors , run . it is the exact opposite of the situation above and your army will be held in place and decimated . their fungals will hold you in place and your infested terrans will not do anything against their army . you want to reinforce your army and try to take them on when you can fungal as well . otherwise you are engaging at a dps disadvantage . long story short , you always want to save your energy for fungal growth because it does more damage . when roaches are clumped up , you can catch somewhere around 7 to 8 roaches . at 7 roaches , that is 280 damage for one cast costing 75 energy . even when they are spread out in the arc of roaches vs roaches you will catch at least 4 per cast , that is still 160 damage done by fungal . by comparison a single infested terran egg for 50 energy will be killed off by those 4 or 7 roaches before they even hatch . so if you do not have enough energy for a fungal , run away until you do because that much damage during a battle makes a really significant difference in the outcome . you may be choosing to lose a base at this point , but it is definitely worth losing 300 minerals than losing your whole army .
it does not count as harvested until the drone deposits it at the nexus . the drone keeps carrying the mineral or gas until you send it to a nexus to deposit it . related to your second question , here 's a good practice when switching a drone from minerals to gas : right click the assimilator , then immediately press " c " ( "cargo" ) , which causes drones to deposit any minerals at the nexus before continuing to the assimilator . that way you can pick any three drones and send them to harvest gas : if they are carrying minerals , they will immediately deposit them before going to the assimilator , and if they are not carrying minerals they will ignore your " c " and go right to the assimilator . ( credit for the best practice : @emmett )
from this gamespot article the psp-3000 plays the same games and offers the same media support as the older psp models so all the games are backwards compatible . from wikipedia the psp-3000 . . . has an improved lcd screen with an increased color range , five times the contrast ratio , half the pixel response time to reduce ghosting and blurring effects , a new sub-pixel structure , a microphone , a new disc tray design , new button designs and logos , and anti-reflective technology to improve outdoor playability . it can also output all games by component or composite using the video out cable . [ 77 ] so it is better . the biggest improvements seem to be the reduced ghosting ( which still exists but is well , reduced ) and the anti-reflective technology .
there is no legal way to increase zoom . however , if you are not currently playing on a widescreen monitor , and if you can acquire one , picking a widescreen resolution will display a small bit more . after a bit of poking around , i found some comparison shots on the team liquid forums displaying the differences between the three aspect ratios . each of the pictures below is centered on the command center ( and i am not sure why it is german , but it is ) . 16x10 16x9 4x3
ok , i have used the symbolic link method to make a dropbox location for my saved games to sync between my two computers . here is the macosx method for the unix challenged ( like myself ) : on computer a create a folder on your dropbox folder . i called mine donotstarve . i did not call it do not starve because i am not sure if terminal commands can handle the space or ' in the name without resorting to special characters like % , etc . ( klei did the same with theirs . ) next , on your hard disk go to documents > klei > donotstarve ( these are folders nested inside your documents folder ) here you will see a folder called save . drag this folder to your dropbox\donotstarve folder . if this has not removed the original save folder from computer a , drag it to the trash now . next open the terminal app ( located in applications\utilities ) . type in the following : cd ~\documents\klei\donotstarve ln -s ~\dropbox\donotstarve\save next , on computer b , install do not starve , enter the key , and update it . go to computer b ' s documents\klei\donotstarve and drag the save folder to the trash . follow all the same terminal instructions you did on computer a . this worked perfectly for me . i assume you cannot keep both apps open at the same time , though . note : you will have to install any mods separately to each machine using this method . i am sure you could do the same thing to the mods within the contents of the app , but i have not tried it .
you can sabotage the cure in me3 , if you have high enough pa/re ranking in that way mordin lives , you can also sabotage it by killing mordin at the end and you can do it without high pa/re ranking .
yes , there are more conversation options with the catalyst if you have completed the leviathan dlc . other than that , it is the same . i found this youtube video which shows the final conversation with the catalyst in more detail .
the answers already given are correct , but in most cases , players use windowed mode cause they are not at home , and they are used to one resolution . pro players usually play on one certain resolution , and if they have to go to a lan event , they tend to set the resolution on their pc to the resolution they are used to , cause even small changes can make a huge diffrence ( you cant predict the range exactly if you are used to an other resolution ) . obviouly it also helps with streaming and/or alt + tabbing , but the biggest reason for playing in windowed mode ( for pros at least ) is the resolution .
it is needed to install sourcemod and advertisements plugin . it has all the documentation . here is an example of advertisements . txt :
let 's do some math here : average rush distance : 50 seconds drone build time : 17 seconds minerals gathered per second : 1*drones starting drones : 6 ( +50 min ) so if he rushing you with his initial 6 this means you should have enough to build at least 2 more drones by the time he arrives . this would leave you with 8 drones to his 6 . if he waits for his 7th , then you should be looking at 9-10 drones vs his 7 . the key point here is : you should always have more drones ! now in 2v2 i can see how this would be an issue . . . if your ally does not help you , but in 1v1 you should always have a leg up on anyone drone rushing . now many where you are falling down is drone micro . the key to good drone micro is two things try to surround his drones if you right-click on minerals ( harvest ) , your drones gain unit walking if you are ever in a situation where he has a surround and you do not , just click minerals . this will remove his surround . do not let your drones get caught behind each other as you want to get a good surround . finally , if he is dancing in and out , just mine more minerals and build more drones . he is not harvesting and you are , and that means you can gain an even larger advantage .
shields act as health - which means that they have the same damage resistances as the character they were used on . this means that , for instance , a 1000 hitpoint shield will only give 1000 points of absorbed damage on a champion with 0 armor and mr . usually , it is a fair bit more than this . the thing is , in league of legends , it is much easier to increase offense than defense . carries are focus targets to begin with , so even a 1000 point shield goes down fast under 3-4 different champions attacking it . most endgame carries can crit each other for over 600 , easily . ultimately , shields might go down fast , but you are effectively giving them temporary health , not a simple damage reduction .
during end-game play , yomi becomes relatively easy to farm ( archylte steppes ? ? ? af ) . the fight takes less than ten minutes . to reset yomi you need to return to the historia crux and reload the zone . then you need to switch the weather to anything other than stormy before changing it back to stormy . yomi yields a guaranteed 20000 CP and 48000 gil per win . this related question - how do i defeat yomi ? - has information on strategies for defating yomi .
you can check the corresponding wiki page here , it give plenty of info . basically , in fallout 1 this is a random special encounter , while in f2 it can be obtained both in a random special encounter , and by a specific route . hope this helps .
i have not played this game , but i found a youtube video which has your answer . in it , a tip pops up on screen and says , " up ahead are some obstacles on the road . if you hit them with your oxen or wagon , they will get harmed . the faster you are going , the greater the damage . . . " the trade off would be greater damage from obstacles . to specifically answer whether whipping oxen hurts them , no , your oxen are not hurt by being whipped , but the whip makes them move faster which causes them and the wagon to sustain more damage when you hit obstacles .
i dont know the complete list but here is what i atleast do know . im not sure if the complete list has been achieved yet either way . solider - 25 kills assassin - 1 solo kill combatant - 75k dmg commando - 10 kills quick draw - 1 killing blow shield - 5k defended guadian - 2k defense 1 life defender - 1k defender points paladin - 10k defense 1 life demolisher - 2.5k+ single hit annihilator - 5k+ single hit healer - 75k healing medic - 2.5k+ single heal ? ? ? - 5k+ single heal there are also some for getting defender points but i cannot recall the amounts for them or their names . i do know however that you cannot get duplicates for any of these , as ive personally healed 20+ games and i have done almost every heal at 2.5k+ and never got more than one medal for it . hope this helps , id love to see the full complete list aswell ! . . . if anyone has any to add or update , comment and ill add it to the list here so we can have something for it in one place .
i think there are only some ui changes in the versions for windows vista and windows 7 . the following blog entry gives nice details : the ui design minefield - er . . . flower field ? ?
turn off the question marks . they only slow you down . once you have all the bombs in a square marked you can click both mouse buttons to clear all adjacent squares . learn to recognize patterns so you can mark or clear stuff as quick as possible .
no , you can only find war assets and fuel from crashed ships .
there is an up-to-date explanation on how to fix it on the steam forums . if , for some reason , it becomes inaccessible , see my explanation below on how to fix it . still does not work ? here 's how to fix it . most credits go to some fellow nicknamed darkje - thanks darkje ! i prepared a single zip to speed up the process . short method download the following zip : maxpaynesoundfix . zip . extract it into the max payne installation folder ( with steam it should be &lt;base Steam folder&gt;\steamapps\common\max payne ) . double-click the MaxBatch.bat file , wait until it is done . some warnings may appear - ignore them . play the game ! if you can not download the zip for some reason , you can take the long method instead . long method step 1: get sox you need a distribution of sox , a utility that can convert sound files from one format to another . here 's a direct link to the download page - just download the file ending with win32.zip . for future reference , the version that worked for me was 14.3.1 . extract the downloaded zip somewhere , then copy the following files into the max payne folder ( as specified above in the short method ) : sox.exe libgomp-1.dll pthreadgc2.dll  step 2: get rasmaker rasmaker is a 3d-realms tool used for extracting the .ras files that contain all the game resources , including the sounds . you can download it as a part of the " max-fx tools " package , which i was able to find on the levels4you site . unfortunately , the site requires registration to download files - plus , you need to actually install that downloaded application . once you install it , copy the following two files from the folder &lt;fx-tools installation directory&gt;\RasMaker\ to the max payne folder : RASMaker.exe rl.dll  after you copy these files you can remove the installed fx tools application . step 3: create the batch file the following text is the code for a windows batch file . this was written by darkje and edited by me ( my edit is minor , though , it was just needed to update darkje 's original version to work with the current sox version ) . to create the file , first create a new , blank text file , then copy the following text inside it , and finally rename it to MaxBatch.bat and put it in the max payne installation folder . step 4: run the batch file and run the game right now your max payne folder should contain 6 new files - 3 from sox , 2 from rasmaker , and the MaxBatch.bat file . these are the same files you would have got from the undownloadable zip - so now just go to step 3 of the short method . notes running the batch file might take a few minutes , be patient . if anything went wrong , you can just run the MaxBatch.bat file again - it will restore the files to the original form . this will probably not work with a modded game : ( during the batch run , sox reported a lot of " dither " warning for me , in the format : sox WARN dither: dither clipped &lt;num&gt; samples; decrease volume? . it did not seem to cause any problem , though .
i would be shocked if they ever re-used a key , ever . an xbox key is a 25 character long string which can take letters or number . it does not differentiate uppercase from lower case . the number of possible combinations is thus : 24+10 ( 25 ) or 10 38 . to give you an idea of how big of a number this is , there are an estimated ~10 23 stars in the universe . if each of those stars had 1 planets around them , and each planet was inhabited by 1 billion people , and each person redeemed 1 million codes per decade . it would take 1 million years before they ran out of codes . for xbox to reuse codes they would have to implement an entire second system to recycle codes with 0 actual benefit . i think it is a very safe assumption to say xbox does not reuse codes .
is it possible to accidentally kill a wild pet while trying to tame them ? yes . if your pet is significantly stronger than the wild pet , they could deal enough damage ( either normally or via a critical hit ) to take the wild pet directly from above 35% to dead in one hit . if this happens , you are stuck looking for a new wild pet . can you use all three pets on your team to defeat a wild pet or is it just one on one ? all of them . i let my first battle pet die ( by repeatedly casting a non-damaging skill ) , and my second battle pet came in to continue the fight against the wild pet . once captured , do they level up to an appropriate level for your pet battling , or do you need to level each up individually ? they do not level up to an appropriate level . however , they do retain the level at which you trapped them . if they were level 2 when you fought them , they will remain level 2 . they will not regress to level 1 but they may drop a level or two if they are over level 15 . catching any pet level 15 or under retains its current level . catching a level 16-20 pet will lose 1 level . catching a level 21-25 pet will lose 2 levels . we have dramatically reduced the xp required to level for pets after level 10 . source
yes , they can help you . and yes , each quest has a minimum and maximum level for joining to the game .
this question is ultimately down to how much you play , there are already answers both for and against you making back the cost of diablo 3 on this question . the truth is that if you play very little then no - it is unlikely you will make your money back . however over time you may get lucky with individual drops that you may wish to sell on the auction house . it is not possible to give a definitive answer against making your money back . if you play frequently then yes it is perfectly reasonable that you will make back the cost of the game . i personally have already made mine back and i know many others who have as well but this is from the point of view of having played for 300+ hours in a little over a month since diablo 3 was released . this all basically comes down to how long it takes you to get to the ' inferno ' difficulty , and how frequently you play the game within this difficulty . once you get further into inferno difficulty ( act 2+ ) about 5% of the items that drop on average will be of a quality that people are looking for when they are willing to spend real money . the method that i have used is selling lots of items at low prices , but in contrast to this others have made the full cost of the game back in a single transaction . the other thing to bare in mind , is that as more players get into this difficulty , the value of the market will begin to decrease over time as more items will become available to more players - again further demonstrating the inability to give a definitive answer to this question .
no , there are no stone bins . bins must be made out of wood or metal , barring strange moods producing bin-artifacts .
i am fairly certain that you are safe selling anything and everything you find . most items are obtainable multiple times , and even the unique ones dropped by bosses will drop again if you go through that dungeon again . in the case of the very odd vase , that is only dropped from the boss on the 15th floor of jade way , and randomly purchasable through customers , making it a bit uncommon . while i am pretty sure that the vase is not used for anything important later on in the game , you may want to double check the recettear wiki 's fusion table before selling items , as it could be a pain in the neck trying to find these useful items again after you have sold them away . if you are ever unsure about an item 's value , and you are not still in the middle of the debt-paying phase , you can always keep the item on hand . apparently each saved game has a maximum limit of 15,000 items , so hoard away ! like you , i have yet to finish the game , so others can feel free to correct me if i am wrong in assuming that all items are re-obtainable .
despite the fact that you may have been pecking away at wandering pokemon for many , many turns , whenever you meet them , it starts a new battle , from turn 1 . this means that the quick ball has twice the capture rate ( x4 ) than that of the ultra ball ( x2 ) .
these are citizens under attack by the guards of the city . they appear on the map as black rectangle with a white circle in the middle and four white ls in the corners , pointing at the middle . citizens will be available to recruit only if you have vacant spots in you assassin 's roster . if you assign assassin 's as local den master or send them to foreign dens , you will be able to recruit more assassins . on a side note , you can always open the map and check the map 's legend to determine what is the symbol for every object on the map .
in general , " hitscan " weapons have no bullet travel time -- when you click the mouse or press the button , whatever 's in your crosshair gets hit . wikipedia has more info on the history of the term " hitscan": hitscan hitscan is a term is used mainly in computer games . it is a test to find out what can be hit by an in-game weapon ( be it a melee weapon , or the projectile emitted by a firearm ) . hitscan weapon is often used colloquially to refer to a projectile weapon which uses unmodified hitscan information to dictate whether or not it has hit its target — deploying the weapon calls the hitscan function , and if an object is detected in the path of the projectile , a hit is registered . the effect is that these projectiles travel at infinite speed ( a luxury of computers ' non-analog simulation of time ) and have a linear trajectory — a practical but very crude simulation of a bullet 's speed and accuracy . programmers need not use hitscan data in precisely this way when programming weapons . although hitscan weapons behave as described above , they can be given a more ' natural ' appearance ; for example , the assault rifle in half-life 2 calls a hitscan function in the middle of a ' blazing gun ' animation , creating a small amount of lag between weapon deployment and the hitting of the target to better approximate real-life ballistics .
zileas , design director for lol , explains : the system guesses how good you are based on who you beat and who you lose to . it tries to make matches where it thinks you have a 50/50 chance of winning . it knows pre-made teams are an advantage , so it gives you tougher opponents when you are in a pre-made team . we did fancy math to make the pre-made teams vs solo players matching fair . i even ran it by two math ph . ds and they said it made sense ! you can read the full shebang here . basically , a custom elo derivative is used to rank players and power the matchmaking system , so that you are paired with similarly ranked teams .
getting cs is about much more than just last hitting . in fact , solo laning itself revolves almost strictly around last hitting in high level play . you need to know how to balance all of the following : last hitting : the skill of knowing how much damage you do to a minion to ensure that you obtain the gold from killing it . keeping the lane where you want it : this is a huge factor , some champions like malzahar and morganna can push harder than champions like ryze because of their aoe abilities so should the ryze player wish to keep the lane in the middle he must attack the wave more than just when the last hit is available . some champions however excel at killing minions under their own tower and may want to keep the lane there for safety while others have many escapes and can push to the enemy tower all they want and still escape back to their own should the enemy jungler gank . part of mastering your favorite champions is learning how to balance risk vs reward with your available tool set . harassing : you also might not want to only keep an eye on the health bars of the enemy minions , you should also keep an eye on your own . this is especially important in top lane where the enemy usually last hits in melee range . therefore you know where the enemy will need to be in order to get that gold . if you move or attack in such a way that they cannot reach that low hp minion without taking significant damage they will miss the gold or better . the #1 rule of hunting is : attack your prey when it attacks it is own . counters : most champions have a wide array of other champions that they do particularly well against . counters usually are formed when a champion excels in one of the above areas that their opponent lacks .
the first couple levels should be work . there is a couple things you want to focus on focus on sunflowers early on the level , plant them horizontally instead of vertically at first . it is ok for the first one or two zombies to get to the lawnmowers , focus on sunflowers first . plant sunflowers where the zombies got the lawn mowers and start building up chompers do not be afraid to use sunflowers as barriers on the first vertical row if you do not have wall nuts available if a chomper is currently eating a zombie and is being attacked himself , remove the current chomper and plant a new one
removing paint from a hat will not " reimburse " you with a paint can .
there are three runed tablets in the room - you can see one of them which has fallen by the lever at the right of your screenshot , the snake . the other two are above the portcullis . duplicate the pattern on those tablets by rotating the pillars , and pulling the level will cause the gate to open ( instead of rain painful death on you ) .
on the character creation menu , click ' hair ' . above the hair colour sliders is ' hair 1' . clicking that iterates through a number ( 15 or so ) of different hair styles .
you will miss quite a lot , including a great tutorial level , some excellent levels in churches and wilderness and will not understand why garrett is in the situation he is in when playing thief 2 . start from the dark project . while i think thief : deadly shadows ( the last one ) is awesome , there are a lot of references to the stuff in the first two games , and you should play them to understand .
if what you are looking for is a balanced pvp , probably the retail server wins . however , ragnarok is highly dependant on gear , cards etc , so basically the older the player is on the server , the better he is on pvp , considering equal skill . on retail , that difference can be huge ( like a royal guard with tao gunka card ) ; on private servers maybe that do not matter so much , because getting gear/cards is easier ( again , depends on rates ) . usually , private servers have smaller communities , and the pvp is more personal , with friends , allies , vendettas etc . in retail , with more people , there is more battlegrounds , it is less to-the-heart pvp .
car construction and part installation are based off of the tech stat . the higher it is , the better you will do . mechanics will gain tech ( and other ) stats slowly , at random intervals . i think to make a decent mach car is somewhere around 400 tech . the simplest way to do this is to heavily weight one of your teams towards the tech stat . train the driver almost exclusively for tech . fire those mechanics that have the lowest tech stat , and hire ones that are higher . in a pinch , if you can not hire any decent tech mechanics , an aura ( in order of lowest to highest strength : blue , purple , white , gold ) will also help you during construction . those are one-shot deals , though , so be careful .
it seems that the pmb . exe executable that is in charge of retrieving the installation file from riot 's server is unable to start on your machine . you may try to : get the original pbm software from pando networks website if available , check if there is a win 64 version eventually . you may want to uninstall any pando network software related to the pmb before doing so . download the league of legends client again and try it again . change the compatibility mode of the pmb . exe to 32-bit executable .
tenacity only matters if you get subjected to a tenacity-able cc effect . on teams which favor mostly knockups or suppressions as their hard cc , for instance , tenacity is useless ( as it does not reduce knockup or suppression duration ) . this brings us to our second point : do not go into games with your heart set on a specific pair of boots . adjust your build to best combat the team you are fighting against . folks do not not buy merc treads because tenacity is useless ( it is not ) , they buy tabis instead because they are more useful against the opponent team .
by " default " , you get +20 aim if you are at least one elevation above your opponent , though how the game determines what elevation you are at seems somewhat random . damn good ground stacks with this , effectively increasing the accuracy bonus by 50% .
brood war burrow what it does do ✔ make the unit invisible to opponents , unless they reveal the area with detection . ✔ allow lurkers to attack . lurkers can only attack when burrowed ; but like other zerg units , lurkers need to unburrow to move . it is nice to mention stop lurkers , because the technique is a direct result of lurkers not being able to move while burrowed . ✔ provide reduced vision . burrowed units will have their vision reduced ( it be interesting to measure how much ) , but they are invisible , so they are essentially poor-man 's observers . ✔ obstruct buildings . although opponents cannot see the burrowed unit without detection , they will be unable to build or land buildings on top of the unit . ✔/✘ stack units [ patched in 1.15 ] ( thanks to decency for reminding me ! ) . used to be able to quickly burrow , unburrow , move together and the units would become stacked . good thing you can not anymore because it was way more powerful than stacked mutas . what it does not do ✘ allow units to move . zerg units able to burrow must unburrow to move . ✘ avoid splash damage . burrowed units can be killed by splash damage alone , usually by seige tanks , reavers or archons . ✘ avoid damage from or effects of spells . psi-storm 's gonna getcha . so will other spells including plague ( pending testing ) , ensnare , maelstrom ( just for lulz xd ) , disruption web and emp ( although emp will not do anything ) . ✘ avoid spider mines . yeah , spider mines are not detectors ( they do not reveal cloaked or burrowed units ) , but for some reason they still attack cloaked and burrowed units . ✘ regenerate health faster . this is a misconception since health regen is variable in sc2 , and especially since roaches regenerate faster while burrowed . units and buildings ( with the exception of eggs ) all regenerate health at 0.372 hp/s or 1 hp per 2.685 sec , regardless of whether they are off creep , on creep or burrowed .
those large robots are exceptional mini-bosses , and only appear in set-piece fights . therefore , they are not subject to the instant death rule from typhoon blasts . however , the typhoon should still do very high damage to them . iirc , two blasts should be a kill .
from this thread it seems you have a few options you could try : redirect my documents so it points to your homeserver using its ip-address like this : \\192.168.0.252\Data\Documents . in the bf2 folder there should now be a profile using the ip-address above . note that bf2 can only read this info , it will not write it to dics . so you will need to edit the files by hand . redirect my documents to something with 1 or more subfolders , which means a simple redirect to h:\ would not be enough . in the example my documents is pointing to "H:\Documents and Settings\&lt;username&gt;\My Documents" .
it is in the terror tab of skills . the middle one .
yes , if you are running minecraft 1.3 and above , simply press the t or / key to open the console , type /time set &lt;TIME-OF-DAY&gt; , and press enter . however , &lt;TIME-OF-DAY&gt; is in ticks . this means the start of the day is 0 , nightfall is 12000 , and the end of the day is 24000 . does this not work for you ? here is a possible fix ( windows only ) : download nbtedit make sure minecraft is closed . not just on the main menu . closed . now you need to get the path to your minecraft level file , and chances are its location ( appdata ) is hidden . do this : press the windows key + r and the run window should come up . type in %appdata% . the windows explorer will open , and the folder .minecraft should be near the top . open it , and then open saves . copy the path in the address bar . open up nbtedit . in the menu bar , click File , then click Open . in the address bar , paste the path you copied . now , browser to your level 's folder . inside of it , you should find level.dat . open it into nbtedit . if your world has been run on a 1.3 client , it should say Data: 21 entries . expand that node , and at the very top , chances are it says allowCommands: 0 . if it is missing , you must play that world on a 1.3 client . if it says allowCommands: 1 , then commands should already work . click on allowCommands . then click on the pencil in the tool strip . for a value , enter in 1 . now , click File and Save . that is it ! the solution above should now work in your world . if you know how to make the above solution work in other operating systems , feel free to edit it .
yes , you can . you still have to have a valid sc1 account though . and it uses classic battle .net, so you can not hook up with realid friends from sc2 and wow .
from everything i have seen , the red bird is still just the same base bird with no special abilities as it was in past games . when you tap on the screen it makes a noise , but it does not seem to change anything about the flight path , which is similar to the other versions . the shockwave you see when tapping appears to be cosmetic only . i ran a couple of tests on level 1-1 and triggered the shockwave right next to the pig without hitting it , and it did not cause the pig to die or move at all .
no , once the mana has been stored it can not be pulled out to be used as building .
the story does " end " but the gameplay does not . you can still continue to do all of the side quests and replay old quests to try to get 100% ( i am on 99.5% , just can not 100% the damn tank mission ) .
my opinion on this is that ashe would make a bad support . by support i talk about one going full support , i.e. relying on passive gold , masteries , gp/10 items as a way to grab gold , and a champion that is here for the sole purpose of enabling an adc to grow in power . why is this ? because her kit is made to deal damage over utility . of course , she has a nice slow , but she lacks a real crowd control ability to mitigate the other adc damage . if you take other supports , lulu thresh and janna have a shield , sona has the z ( w , on us keyboards ) power chord that decreases the target 's damage , soraka sona taric and nami have heals , taric lulu thresh and leona have stuns that stop the adc from attacking . in what way can ashe compete in this area ? ok , her ult can stun , i will grant you this . but this comes with a huge cooldown . basically , if the other team attacks , you can only not lose by doing more damage and killing them . second point , the squishiness of supports are usually well addressed by their kit in late game . shields , heals or armour boost grow with the champion level . ashe does not have any of this . so , unless you buy armour and health , you will still be squishy . third , all support champions have some small way to boost their adc on other characteristics like : attack speed , movement speed , ad , ap . ashe has none of these . however , this does not mean that ashe would be a bad pick for the second bot-laner . but then you can not really say you are playing her as a support . if your objective is to completely overwhelm the other team and force them to hug their tower , this may be a good pick . edit : on the slow component i did not talk about first of all , we need to read this on wikia and ashe is page as well . ashe is frost shot slow cannot be buffed by either frozen mallet nor rylai 's scepter as her frost shot does not proc on hit effects . only her aoe slow can be stacked with rylai 's ( as frozen mallet is for aa only ) . so it is really not a good idea to build frozen mallet on ashe in any cases . rylai 's crystal scepter . . . hum 2900 gold for 80ap and 500 health ? what will ashe do with 80 ap anyway ? a randuin 's omen would be far more interesting for her . and final thought : does ashe really need a boost to her slow ? really ?
yes . if you have played ac:b multiplayer that unlocks the courtesan for use in revelations multiplayer . that is it though .
there is a little red circle that appears when you use an active power that has a cooldown . it starts out as two halves , and as the power recharges , the circle starts to close around your crosshairs . when the circle halves meet in the center of the screen , it flashes white and disappears . at this point , the power 's ready to use again .
you ' win ' when you decide that you have achieved what you wanted and have had enough . even if you conquered the whole world , i expect you could simply start another rebellion and conquer it again . it is a great game , but i suspect you will tire of it before you get anywhere near taking over the whole land . just enjoy playing it . if you find you are progressing too fast , notch up the difficulty , or impose restrictions on yourself ( swords-only , or no horses etc )
a fully manned brutal mission under default settings features a swarm that has 2.6 times as much health as it has under a fully manned normal game . the damage dealt is also scaled by 2.6 times . additonally both the swarm and the players are faster , although i do not think they are any faster than they are in insane ( that is 20% faster for aliens and 4.8% faster for marines ) . from sdk_src\game\shared\swarm\asw_gamerules.cpp: . . . where GetMissionDifficulty() returns 13 ( for brutal , 10 for insane , 7 for hard , 5 for normal , 3 for easy ) , with one point deducted per missing marine ( and a hard lower limit of 2 ) . ( comments within /* */ are mine . )
it happens when you are ready to put all of your cards on the table , right before you attack the cerberus base head-on in search of the prothean v.i. you will have the typical " are you sure ? " dialogue ( with admiral hackett ) once you go to begin this mission . as caulyndarr notes , the actual paramour achievement itself is awarded earlier in the game following the cerberus attack on the citadel while i am unsure of the specifics for all available romance options , a " successful " relationship with liara in my playthrough revolved around three key conversation events : liara asks about your other romance option in mass effect 2 , if you had one liara asks you to come to the presidium commons on the citadel ( paramour achievement is awarded at this point ) liara visits you in your cabin prior to the final mission
katarina 's ultimate , death lotus is a channeled ability ( as you may notice in the cast bar that appears and counts down ) . like any other channeled ability , taking any other action , such as using an item like zhonya 's hourglass , will interrupt the channel . other champions , for instance , fiddlesticks , kennen , or morganna , do not need to channel to maintain their ultimate , meaning zhonya 's can be used to safely shield them for its duration .
so i did a bunch of testing on this tonight . this is what i have found : the nutshot and the testicle assault do not have to be done on the same enemy . the achievement simply pops after you have done each activity the first time . i killed a gang member via testicular assault without doing a nutshot on him and acquired the achievement . you need to actually kill the enemy via testicular assault in order to get the achievement . you will know when you have done this because you will see a popup for respect with the name testicular manslaughter . hitting an enemy twice with a testicular assault will get this done . it does have to be done on a male character . i tried doing testicular assaults on female gang members , and while i was able to kill them and they did the animation , i did not get credit for a testicular manslaughter .
i do not consider nasus a true tank - he has no real tank abilities , and serves better as a tanky dps / anti-carry . that said , here 's a list of the heroes i consider true tanks in the current metagame . alistar i will grant you that alistar 's hard to play optimally , but when he is , the bull 's a force to be reckoned with . two hard ccs ( neither affected by merc treads ) . triumphant roar makes him an excellent pusher , and his ultimate and high base health make you an excellent damage soak . additionally , little of his power comes from items ; pulverize + headbutt is really good even without any bonus from ap . amumu amumu 's got two major things going for him : he is a great initiator , and he is a tank who can jungle and gank effectively . due to the experience bonus , most top teams have a jungler on summoner 's rift , and amumu 's one of the better ones . he also has two hard ccs in bandage toss and his ult , which can make escaping from him quite difficult ( not to mention keeping folks within despair for longer ) cho'gath poor cho just get nerfed pretty bad in the nocturne patch , losing substantial damage numbers from feast . that aside , he still is a decent ( if not a first pick ) tank with a skill shot initiation ability ( though rupture is more easily dodge-able than some other initiators ) and an aoe silence . there is also something to be said for the psychological and mechanical effects of having the largest model on the screen . you will be shielding your allies from attacks simply because your opponents can not find them to click under a fully-feasted cho'gath . after you have maxed your feast stacks , try using feast earlier in fights rather than later : it does true damage , and it is a pretty sizeable nuke - carries especially tend to panic when 1/4 of their health ( or more ) suddenly vanishes . galio mana-regen problems aside , galio is a strong tank . his most notable skills are his ult and his gust -- an aoe taunt nuke is especially powerful when combined with other aoe ults , such as annie , amumu , morgana , malphite , etc . gust is useful both as a chasing mechanic and to help allies escape . unfortunately , opposite-but-otherwise-like rammus , galio 's usefulness tends to diminish in matches with primarily physical damage where he can not make full use out of his passive . garen garen is not a " typical " tank , and works best as an offtank due to not having a strong initiator or cc other than his silence ( which is pretty useful in and of itself ) . garen 's a tough character who can bring a lot of damage to a group of enemies between judgement and his iconic sunfire cape . his ult is interesting , as it can be difficult to judge when to best use it , though some players dislike it because of its tendency to " steal " kills . gragas gragas gets a damage reduction , an aoe slow , area denial , and a massive radial knockback on a relatively short cooldown . he works well as a tank ( consider starting with a rod of ages ) because of fight disruption alone , and drunken rage and happy-time give him quite a long longevity as well , making him a passable pusher . malphite malphite joins cho in having been hit with the nerf-bat in the last patch , but is still a strong tank . like amumu , rammus , and shen , malphite can jungle effectively , and has a combination of an impressive initiator , and a damage-dealing skill that scales off of armor ( so even building straight tank items , you can deal a hefty sum of damage ) . with his q , he can be especially effective by tunnel-visioning enemy carries . maokai maokai is a great tank based around team fights . his ultimate is an aoe damage reduction , which when strategically placed , can turn the tide of fights . he has a snare , which is great to gank with , or focus down the enemy carry , a small aoe slow , and a really strong harass with his ranged sapling . his passive makes him have a very strong laning presence . after every 5 abilities , his next auto attack heals him 7% hp . this is also a incredibly useful skill in team fights , giving him huge survivability potential . mordekaiser mordekaiser can be an incredible tank , especially if he gets a few early kills and gets an item and level advantage over the other players . though i have heard of folks jungling as mordekaiser , i prefer to see him in a solo lane , where a good player can easily 2 v 1 by abusing iron man ( well , perhaps less easily , depending on the opponents , but i have seen it done across a number of games ) . make sure to get some ap to go with the kaiser - rylai 's or an abyssal scepter and sorc boots make for a very offensive tank , especially in the laning phase where his short cooldowns make for an easy harass . nunu when built properly , nunu makes a great off-tank . the thing you have to realize about nunu is that the slow on his e is insane . it is 70% i think at rank 5 ? if nunu catches up to you alone , you are not getting away from him if he has the mana to continually iceball you . also important to note is consume - the health it restores is not insubstantial , and with a will of the ancients , you can easily recover half your health every 10 seconds or so . rammus rammus has everything a tank needs - a damage reduction ability ( defense curl ) , an intiator paired with a slow ( powerball ) , hard cc and target peeling ( taunt ) , and team fight presence ( tremors adds up fast ! ) . did we mention that he could jungle and his taunt has a relatively quick cooldown ? a top pick for sure . shen shen is probably up in the top 3 with amumu and rammus when it comes to tanks ( in my mind at least ) . if you can learn to correctly handle his energy ( which can be a little tricky to get the hang of at first ) , a good shen player can be phenomenal . he is got a damage shield , an aoe taunt , and a global ult / ally savior mechanic . one thing to note is that you do not want to build dodge on shen - build armor/mr and health instead : it makes his passive come up more often and for more damage . singed finally , singed . singed is known for running really fast - make sure to take ghost , as it lets you spread your poison much more handily without having to path around enemies . as singed , you want your opponents to chase you ; with your ult you are more than likely faster than them ( and insanity potion lasts for an unmatched thirty seconds ) and they will kill themselves on your poison trail if they chase you for too long . of course , when they finally break off , that is when you turn around , stick ' m with your adhesive , and then fling ' m behind you into more poison . fling is an okay initiator , though it takes practice to make sure you are not accidentally throwing the enemies away from your team .
i now found a solution in this news article ( german ) : if you remove the following registry key hkey_local_machine\software\microsoft\windows\currentversion\installer\userdata\s-1-5-18\products\1dc6aef331ae7ec47ae47aa4a4a0b7c5 you are able to install the demo while fifa 11 stays installed . you should make a backup though , so that you still can uninstall fifa 11 properly later .
when you die you die . if you notice , there are many different instances of the realm from the starting area . before the battle with oryx begins , he will tell you that the instance is locked " for you all to die alone . " unfortunately , this means you can not get back into that instance until oryx is cleared . if you spend about 20-30 minutes in an instance though , you will end up at oryx again before you know it . generally in the time it takes to get a character to 20 , you should see oryx at least once . and just some advice , i am a new player as well , but i pretty much always die at oryx if i try to fight him with the others . until you can get some good gear and maybe stat potions on a character you like , you would probably benefit to warp to nexus once you get to the actual battle with oryx . you can be one/two hitted even at level 20 if you are not extremely careful . you will still gain 2-4 levels on the way to fight him , but generally you will not get xp at the boss battle , nor will you get any drops if you hang around the edges just trying to survive . it is not really worth the risk of dying to stick around .
in singleplayer , the nether is not loaded by default , so any pigmen ( or other mobs ) that spawn in the overworld and wander through the portal do not move or count towards the mob count anymore , until you enter the nether . this is one way to get around the cap for naturally spawned mobs , storing the mobs in the nether until it is time to kill them . this can lead to dangerous ( for your computer/framerate ) amounts of mobs in the area around the portal once you do enter the nether though , so if it is not part of your design , turn off your portal before afking . doing so will also keep the pigmen from spawning in the overworld .
there is a couple of advantages to having a floating building with your army . if you otherwise lack air units , they provide line of sight to shoot up cliffs if the building is over your army , it is much harder to select the units under the building for focus-fire , since the building is in the way . generally , any building that is being floated ( by a good player , anyway ) would otherwise have been idling - barracks after switching to a mech army , for instance , or command center without a mineral patch to land at . there may be other reasons , but those are the biggest , i think .
there is a list here , but note that it is the first page of five . the links to the rest of the pages can be found lower down on the page .
it is possible for ps3/4 games to be cross-play but it is not the default . you will have to check whether each specific game supports ps3/4 cross play as it is up to the developer to implement .
from all that i remember , there is really no explanation for the nymph 's appearance at the end of land of the livid . there is nothing in moody clouds that will explain it . from my understanding , the land of the livid is really just a truly optional second ending separate from the main story ending on moody clouds .
i know this is only a partial answer but i am looking for how much experience and creds you get from gold too so i thought i would pass the info along . bronze : about 150,000 experience , 15,000 credits . silver : about 200,000 experience , 30,000 credits . gold : unkown as far as galactic readiness goes , i have not really been watching but it is usually around plus 3% each time i think .
ridden pets level up as normal - by killing monsters . note , however , that ridden pets are more docile . they will not attack a monster unless attacked first . since monsters will randomly attack you or the pet when you are mounted , this may mean your pet gets fewer kills ( and thus experience ) than it otherwise would .
unfortunately , yes . ignore only prevents them from showing up in chat , you can not " ignore " them from the matchmaking pool .
i found the accepted answer insufficiently complete so did some research and have continued to update this answer as i learn more . unique equipment slot - item - max iir ( increased item rarity ) amulet - eye of chayula - +30% ring - andvarius - +70% + 15% boots - wondertrap - +100% ( when low life ) gloves - aurseize - +50% helmet - goldrim - +10% helmet - the peregrine - +20% weapon - reaper 's pursuit - +40% map - vaults of atziri - +2000% ( for chests ) rare and magic equipment the " dragon 's " prefix gives 24% iir and the " of excavation " suffix gives 26% iir . it is possible to get both these affixes on the same item giving a total of +50% + implicit mods . these mods can spawn on rings , amulets , belts , helmets , gloves and boots with an item level equal or greater than 75 . gold amulets have an implicit iir mod with max value of 20% and gold rings of 15% . gems a level 20 item rarity support gem will add 57% iir to monster drops killed with the supporting gem . final total doe = dragon 's [ anything ] of excavation ring 1 - andvarius - 85% ring 2 - andvarius - 85% amulet - doe - 70% belt - nothing - 0% gloves - aurseize - 50% boots - wondertrap - 100% helmet - doe - 50% shield - nothing - 0% weapon - reaper 's pursuit - +40% chest piece - nothing - 0% gem - item rarity - ~57% map - vaults of atziri - 2000% giving a total of +2,000% for chests in the vault* , +537% for kills with the support gem and +480% for everything else . * neither iir from equipment nor gems applies to any chests , including large chests . other maps i have not started maps yet , they are level ~70+ end game content . other than vaults of atziri other maps can also have +iir mods . monsters magical , rare and unique monsters have higher chance of giving up rare items . i was unable to find information about how much effect this has however it is combined multiplicatively with player iir . there are also rare monsters with a very rare " wealth " mod which further increases item rarity . i do know that the item level of drops from magical and rare can be +1 and +2 of the area level . ( more powerful items are possible ) parties being in parties increases the number of items that drop , not the rarity . however this will mean getting more rare items , in a round about way . you idealy want items with iir and iiq . diminishing returns there is supposedly diminishing returns though i have not seen any detailed information . this may just be pointing out that while +100% doubles what you get +200% is not another doubling . or it may mean there is a logarithmic scale that tapers off how effective it is .
as strange as it sounds , you are not the first to encounter this . someone else posted on this forum pretty much exactly the same thing as you - a feraligatr in gen ii that has problems being hit with paralysis . in any case though , i have a very good feeling this is not due to degredation . something in the back of my mind is tickling that the phrase " it does not effect " implies that a move that does no damage but gives a status effect has missed , whereas " it did not effect " implies that the target is immune to the move . i am guessing that is the best answer here , but i thought they fixed the "100%-accuracy moves are actually only 99.6% accurate " problem in gen ii . either way , this is a minor problem that i do not believe is indicative of any technical issues .
i had the same problem that you are experiencing and determined that the source of the problem lies with the mouse ( for me anyhow ) . i have the razor naga , and after turning off acceleration in skyrim and also turning off vsync i experienced the same lag . when i would move the mouse rapidly the game could not keep up . after thinking about it i found that the razor naga had an acceleration of its own and after turning off the mouse acceleration directly at the source of the mouse ( razer naga control panel " downloadable driver" ) the game ran perfectly .
i have never thought of the elite 4 as " end game , " just as i never though of hitting level 60 ( and later 70 , 80 , 85 ) as " end game " in wow . rather it was just another stepping stone . because of this attitude , i optimized very differently . first , i found that 3 pokemon was about the sweet spot for training at a time . usually this entailed 1 or 2 ( xp share , or swapping ) i was focusing on , and a third for backup ( someone beefy enough to roll whatever area i was in ) . next , i specifically targeted pokemon whose evs i could easily raise . there are a couple areas where you can guarantee which ev you will get , but usually i lead with a pokemon whose evs i did not care about , and then swapped according to what i ran into ( in the case of trainers i could set this up more intelligently ) . as a result , i was usually targeting only 1 or 2 for actual ev leveling . this process would recur every time i got a pokemon whom i wanted to level ( i usually decide these at game start ) . once a pokemon had been ev leveled , i could then use it as a clean up for other pokemon 's ev leveling . from a pure xp perspective , having a " clean up " pokemon ( sometimes initiator ) means that that pokemon will be receiving more than its fair share of experience . the end result is that usually the pokemon that i ev train first end up being my strongest ( not just because of evs ) . finally , as i originally stated my end goal is not the elite four ; rather i am eventually targeting competitive play . however , ev training other pokemon does not max out my first couple , so ultimately i end up doing runs on the elite four to power level them fast . usually , by the time i hit my first run i have 4-5 beefy pokemon fully ev trained , so it is not a major challenge . however , sometimes i have not spent enough time and that usually means i need to take the time to ev train up a couple more pokemon so they hit that sweet spot where they start firing on all cylinders . i realize this may not be exactly your use case , but i think it is something to keep in mind .
exotic important : this requires armorsmith , leatherworker , or tailor crafting level 400 , depending on which type of armor you want . i will use x / y / z format from here on to indicate different values for armorsmith / leatherworker / tailor . obtain a celestial intricate gossamer insignia recipe and one recipe for each of the six armor pieces , all of which can be purchased on the trading post . search for " celestial " and draconic / emblazoned / exalted . use those recipes on the appropriate character . you will now need to gather the materials . let 's start with charged quartz crystals , because those are the tricky part . you will need 750 quartz crystals in total , of which you can fuse 25 into one charged quartz crystal ( at a " point of power " , aka commune skill point challenge ) once per day . this means that you will need at least 30 days to get all of the required materials . once you have your 30 charged quartz crystals , you will need to refine your raw crafting materials to craft 6 celestial intricate gossamer insignias and the tier 6 ( orichalcum / hardened / gossamer ) crafting components for one of each piece of armor . this will require the following materials : 30 charged quartz crystals 30 globs of ectoplasm 130 spools of gossamer thread 74 / 72 / 96 gossamer scraps 32 / 0 / 0 orichalcum ore 0 / 36 / 12 hardened leather sections ascended important : this requires armorsmith , leatherworker , or tailor crafting level 500 , depending on which type of armor you want . i will use x / y / z format from here on to indicate different values for armorsmith / leatherworker / tailor . obtain a celestial intricate gossamer insignia recipe ( unless you already unlocked it to craft your exotic armor ) . purchase and use an ascended insignia recipe from the master craftsman . select " recipe : wupwup celestial insignia " from the list . then purchase and use each of the six ascended armor piece recipes from the last tab of the master craftsman . use each of those , selecting the " wupwup " option for each . consume all of the above recipes on the appropriate character . ( same as exotic step #3 above ) once you have your 30 charged quartz crystals , you will need to refine your raw crafting materials to craft 6 celestial intricate gossamer insignias , which you will then use to craft six wupwup celestial insignias . you will also need to craft ectoplasm refinement materials , which are limited to one per day , but you can bypass the time gate by buying the refined materials . you will finally need to craft tier 7 ( deldrimor steel / elonian / damask ) crafting components for one of each piece of armor . this will require the following materials . the ones marked with a * can be bought on the trading post to bypass the time gated materials required to craft them . 30 charged quartz crystals 30 globs of ectoplasm 30 globs of dark matter 120 piles of crystalline dust 6 augur 's stones 1500 piles of bloodstone dust 1500 empyreal fragments 1500 dragonite ore 150 thermocatalytic reagents 480 spools of gossamer thread 60 / 60 / 60 gossamer scraps 16 / 0 / 0 deldrimor steel ingots* 0 / 18 / 5 elonian leather squares* 25 / 24 / 36 bolts of damask* if you are not looking to bypass the time gate , here are the total materials for each refined ascended material . deldrimor steel ingot : 1 glob of ectoplasm 10 thermocatalytic reagents 100 mithril ore 90 iron ore 10 lumps of coal 40 platinum ore 20 lumps of primordium elonian leather square : 1 glob of ectoplasm 10 thermocatalytic reagents 150 thick leather sections 40 thin leather sections 20 coarse leather sections 40 rugged leather sections bolt of damask : 1 glob of ectoplasm 25 spools of gossamer thread 300 silk scraps 40 wool scraps 20 cotton scraps 40 linen scraps as for a price comparison , it is impossible to be exact . the market fluctuates constantly , so the prices of the materials shift . in terms of coins , ascended armor is many times more expensive than exotic . in addition to the monetary cost , a full set of ascended armor costs 120 skill points , and the recipes cost an additional 21,000 karma and 30 laurels .
the player hq and hub are still in the latest x3:ap ( make sure you update the patches since the quest is not in 1.0 of ap ) . there are also several unknown sectors you can ' claim ' in ap , but if you are thinking of the reward sector you get in x3:tc , that sector has since then been claimed by a race . the total number of unowned sectors in ap is now lower as each race decided to expand a little .
burning , poison , chilled , and crippled stack in duration instead of intensity . it will show only one stack , but if you watch you will see the duration increase . if you apply multiple conditions with different damages , the duration will seem to increase . this , however , is no more than an attempt to unclutter the ui ( user interface ) . once the duration of the first condition completes , then the second condition will begin . despite these separate durations , however , cleansing a condition will remove the entire condition ( no matter the duration or intensity ) . example : you use skill a to burn a foe , and then skill b to burn the same foe . skill a 's burn lasts 10 seconds , and skill b 's burn lasts 5 seconds . when applied , the burn duration will be 15 seconds . skill a 's burn will run for the listed 10 seconds , doing the damage as described in skill a . when this finishes , skill b 's burn will start to tick , doing the damage as described in skill b .
i have basically answered my own questions by playing it . the versions are all practically identical , besides graphics . the only difference , is release on systems besides pc is delayed more than pc . so once the pc version releases , it takes awhile for the other versions to get released .
your own experience confirms that yes , you do need to finish ' media blitz ' . the secret mission will appear on the star map , same as other " normal " missions . edit : note that you will have to play the secret mission before going to char as once you start that , you will not be able to go back to do it .
have you tried this ? http://didrole.com/replay2demo/ omg it just works ! you open the demo player in tf2 with shift-f2 an load the demo . press shift-f2 again to regain camera control . and stop answering your own questions , stupid .
they are used for constructing certain buildings , such as the primary school and the secondary school . three are on the map , sometimes under resources . you also get one each time you finish building something that needs one .
there is a setting in the game options called " automated workers remove features " . you can turn it off and they will never remove forests .
i believe that carrots and potatoes do need water to grow . however , the minecraft wiki is very unclear about this and there is no way to know for sure . the best thing to do would be to go to the overworld , plow a dirt block , and try to plant it with and without water . if it does need water , it would not be possible to grow these crops in the nether .
you have to use the proper output cable to get 480p . if memory serves , you need to use component output . out of the box , the wii comes with a composite output cable . you will need to purchase a separate wii component output cable . from nintendo 's product page : the wii component video cable allows you to hook your wii console system to a high-definition tv ( hdtv ) or enhanced-definition tv ( edtv ) to view 480p progressive output . 480p progressive output displays at a higher resolution than standard 480i resolution . . . . please note that your tv must be a high-definition tv ( hdtv ) or enhanced-definition tv ( edtv ) to view 480p output . you will also be required to change your wii settings from standard tv ( 480i ) to edtv/hdtv to view 480p . . . . you cannot see wii progressive display output when the wii console system is hooked to a tv using any other kind of cable .
take a look at you control-settings , there are two options : hold aim down sight toggle aim down sight i do not know the exact lables for these options as i only own the german version , but the first one is what you are looking for wile the second one seems to be the one you are using - just change your settings .
have you tried jumping off of a higher part of the tower , and then using a parachute to angle yourself back around ? the parachute is a bit tricky , but invaluable when trying to reach odd locations like that . i do not think i have this fragment yet , but i do think it might also be possible to jump off the top of another nearby tower to get the right angle for the parachute . note that you can not parachute if you are doing a leap of faith , so do not jump off any areas where birds are roosting or circling ( or towards a haystack/rosebush/etc ) , lest you swan dive into a rose bush or hay bale instead . if you are dropping down off of some impossible height , you can always press b to hookblade anything that is grabbable on the way down . no matter how far you fall , you will always avoid damage if you can hook a platform on the way down . if you fall somewhat close to the platform , try mashing b as you fall to see if you can not grab onto it . hooking a platform 2 feet off the ground from a deadly fall without tearing your arm out of its socket ? ezio 's all like , what ? i am an assassin . we are so bad .
according to the doom 3 1.3.1 patch notes , doom 3 is vista compatible . i am assuming this implies that the original version had some compatibility issues . according to various threads , the demo does not work properly in vista , although the full game does .
i think the guys at ca said that the city had to be upgraded to max to make it look like in your pic . though truth is they did a really lazy and poor job creating this game . rushed and unfinished .
you can not skip the treasure yeti . once it appears you either have to fight it or just let it run away . you can find more about the yeti here . you have to fully finish the level in order to continue .
gunpoint , a recently-released indie game metal gear solid 2 , the sequel to the famous playstation stealth game . the pre-release demo was notable for being included with the game zone of the enders , which boosted the sales of the latter game . half-life : uplink , the post-release standalone demo for the critically-acclaimed half-life , which included portions not available in the full game . limits and demonstrations , the demo for kentucky route zero
you can do multiple control groups . group 1 = all of them group 2 = marines group 3 = marauders group 4 = tank group 5 = banshees selecting your other control groups does not lose your full control group . very useful for air .
long story short , yes you can make 50 on just pve . i am currently half way through veteran rank 1 and i had no problem getting to level 50 with just quests . it was close i will say , being on the final few quests before finishing coldharbour . i will also mention that a lot of people are having issues with finishing coldharbour and only being level 45-49 . i pvpd maybe once during my journey to 50 . i did the beginning questline that gives away 2 skillpoints , and then continued to finish the 20 kills quest . so maybe a small 30-40k boost of experience , so nothing huge . i did every quest i could find , only not finishing shadowfen ( by 7 quests ) and the rift ( by one quest ) because i could not find them . also missed one quest in coldharbour because it is bugged ( i keep going back to it every morning as this seems to fix most bugged quests , i also wake up at 7 am everyday so it is pretty quiet and i think the servers do not freak out as much . ) i know i missed these quests because the achievements tell me so , although i have noticed in deshaan and stonefall had more quests then the achievement said there were . i would say a lot of peoples issue with hitting level 50 on times is that they only do 70% of the content . as exploring , public dungeons , private dungeons , and side quests is atleast 50% of what you need to level on time . while the main storyline quests and the quests you happen to walk by doing the main storyline is the other 50% . so if you are worried about not making 50 on time make sure you are doing atleast 90 - 95% of everything so that you do not find yourself spamming coldharbour for a grind party . i will finish by saying i also found myself multiple times 1-2 levels below the mobs and quests , it was confusing me a little at first but do not worry . take your time , enjoy tamriel and remember to take some time to just explore , discover and finish some things outside the beaten path .
to find part 2 of leah 's journal , you need to check her journal after completing the fallen star by talking to captain rumford , but before entering the cathedral during the legacy of cain .
it does not as far as i know . i have been raising the affection level of some of my pokemon since i started and have left some unattended ; the affection level did not decrease over the ~70 hours of play time . there is this site/blog which says ( emphasis mine ) : do this five times and your pokemon will have full affection , meaning it will be more likely to avoid enemy attacks and will have more chance of landing critical hits in battle . this affection will not decrease over time , so you need not worry about maintaining it . and quite a lot of forums on the internet saying the same thing , and i think you can find them easily without my help now !
having negative piety gives you a bonus to technology rate and taxes , which is how you get the tech rate . there is no unmentioned bonus . ideally you want to keep piety at one end of the spectrum or the other , both have advantages . piety is not like piety in crusader kings , where it is all good . instead it represents the advantages of secularism ( tech , church taxes ) versus theocracy ( morale and stability ) . you can see your current modifiers by hovering over the current piety label or percentage slider on the religion tab . hover over the flag icons on either end of the slider to see the maximum available modifiers .
for background , reference these questions : how can i increase the density of residential zones ? how do you provide more workers to your city ? ok , now that the basics are covered , let 's talk about purpose of r , c , and i . in a town with a manufacturing specialization . r is the source of your residential agents . if you are focusing on a specialization , your main interest in r is that it brings in workers . place parks to set the land value of an area and force a given wealth level to settle there . all r wealth levels start at low density and expand as happiness accrues . you will need areas that are not near parks for low wealth to settle into and expand into lw hd r buildings . you want to keep your jobs full , so add ( or density up ) more r until that happens . workers of a given wealth level will only work at jobs with a matching wealth level ( most buildings have jobs for each wealth level ) . you will want at least the lw and mw residential buildings , as they supply the most workers per building . if you are having tax trouble and have space to work with , then add hw residentials . c is primarily a source of r happiness , which will cause r to increase in density . usually you will want to satisfy at least half of your shoppers . shoppers of a given wealth level will only shop at c buildings of the matching wealth level . c also provides jobs and taxes . you may want to keep c at medium density for tax and traffic purposes . c mainly increases in density by selling its goods . if you overbuild c , you will have extra jobs pulling workers away from your specialization and extra unsold goods which will cause c to abandon . if you need to increase r happiness and really can not spare the workers for c , use parks ( with expansions ) . the " medium field with parking " is ideal low wealth r in size , capacity and cost . it does not increase land value , so you can place it near your lw r without worry . i is primarily a source of jobs without an increase in goods . since you have a specialization , it is entirely possible you do not have spare workers for i to soak up and therefore do not need any i buildings .
the prerequisite quest for the temple of miraak is dragonborn , which as you correctly suggest is triggered by reading the orders of the two random ( ish ) encounter cultists who attack you in skyrim . however , the prerequisite for the dragonborn quest is not level related but requires your character to have started the horn of jurgen windcaller for the greybeards in order to be triggered . if you visited solstheim before starting the horn of jurgen windcaller ( even if you then later started and completed it ) then uesp suggests that you must return to windhelm and talk to the ship captain , gjalund salt-sage , again to proceed in the quest .
when you are alone put the highest resonators available right away . placing a resonator gives you 125 ap , while upgrading one gives you 65 , but only if you are not the owner of the resonator . upgrading your own resonators will give you exactly nothing , zero , nil . this means that with a friend you will get more ap by starting with low-level resonators and gradually upgrading them . also you have to remember the limits on resonators ' deployment that depends on your level . anyway you can always check how many ap you get by looking at the log in your scanner .
like the mav and t-ugs , the soflam works either as a manned or unmanned device . if you place it on a high area with an overlook ( ideally ) , it will automatically scan for and lock on to enemy vehicles in its field of vision . no human intervention required . i suspect that it is more efficient when manned and operated manually -- and you can switch over to your deployed soflam to control it remotely at any time using the proper gadget key -- but it does work either way . also note that the soflam survives your death as recon , once deployed it is a permanent battlefield artifact until it is destroyed by the enemy .
for each exists , but only if you create an array first , which is not helpful . i can not log in to check right now , but you can try something like this : make one macro that makes it act like you clicked on a button and reroutes to another based on right/left click : /click [button:1] MultiBarLeftButton2; MultiBarLeftButton3  then make two macros for each separate thing and put them on the proper button location . so , for the left click : /csay 4 yourmessage /csay 7 yourmessage  and right click : /csay 1 yourmessage  if your message is too long to fit , you should be able to use semicolons to keep it all on one line : /csay 4 yourmessage; 7 yourmessage  or , you can do part of it , and put /click MultiBarLeftButton4 to chain it to another button with the rest of the message . for reference , here 's the different action bar names : here 's a quick reference on branching with /click .
according to a wiki you have to do the following : prior to starting the heist , the crew is advised to spread out and find all 7 or 8 civilians , who are in mitchell 's kitchen , the garden , and sometimes wilson 's house . there will sometimes be civilians on the far side of the garden , and the girl in the bikini is sometimes in the lounge of wilson 's house . prevent all citizens from escaping when the heist starts , and restrain them with cable ties . you may have to kill some civilians if you are playing solo and they are spread out too much . once the civilians are under control , set up a hacking device in mitchell 's basement , then move the bookshelf in wilson 's basement and start hacking the revealed code lock . undetected before any cops arrive , take the opportunity to search the houses , garden and garages for a crowbar , which is required for future objectives . exactly two bars appear in each playthrough , and at two of the following locations : be sure you are not seen by the neighbors . once the crowbars are found , dedicate one crew member ( preferably with a silenced weapon ) to silently neutralize incoming cops , and the others to restarting the hacking devices as soon as possible . if the crew manages to stay undetected , bain will mention that someone must've seen something and that two officers are coming to check out the address . the crew must stay hidden ( perhaps at the top of wilson 's staircase ) and wait until bain says the officers are inside before killing them with a silenced weapon or melee attack , or taking them hostage . if successful , the crew will remain undetected . after a while , the police will call wilson 's telephone number , but the crew cannot pick it up . two more officers will soon enter the garden through the side entrance . remain hidden again ( the top of wilson 's staircase works here too ) and silently neutralize them once bain gives you the cue . shortly after , the police officers will be reported missing and swat will begin to arrive . if you fail to remain undetected , then law enforcers will come as soon they are aware of the crew 's operation . units will be coming from predefined points of the map , jumping over fences and walls , and sometimes a helicopter will hover above mitchell 's house . found some videos , that should help
most dominate options in conversations are only available to ventrue . with the wesp + patch , tremere get access to a few of the most basic ones , but for the most part , it is a ventrue only perk . ( and not a particularly good one , tbqh . )
retiring does the following : 1 . ) your current explorer disappears . 2 . ) you gain a new explorer at half the level of the retired one . 3 . ) the new explorer can be reclassed . 4 . ) the new explorer gains bonuses to stats and skill points based on how high the original explorer 's level was . changing class does the following : 1 . ) your current explorer is retained . 2 . ) your current explorer 's level is reduced to half of what it was orginally . 3 . ) your current explorer can be reclassed . 4 . ) your current explorer gains bonuses to stats and skill points based on how high your original level was ( these bonuses are identical to retiring ) . 5 . ) your character 's portrait and stat growth are the same as the original class . note the bold . this means a highlander who reclasses to an alchemist will still have piss-poor tec growth , while a hexer who reclasses to a ronin will still have piss-poor str growth . also , if you reclass at 70 , then level to 70 and reclass again , the bonus does not stack . you had have to reclass at a higher level to get the bonus higher .
if you import an me2 character you automatically use the roleplaying mode ( the one with combat and dialog choices ) , only if you create a new character do you get the choice in the beginning . the roleplaying mode is the one closest to how the previous mass effect games worked , so the game assumes that players that import a character would like to play that mode .
mostly subjective , really . some people like cs:s , some people do not . here are some of the differences . cs:go has : smaller hitboxes less clutter on maps to block movement tighter recoil ( spray and pray does not work well ) new weapons ( a few pistols , shotguns , smgs , mgs ) new grenades ( decoy and flame ) better graphics some actual improvements : gungame and deathmatch modes built into game matchmaking rating system elo system arranged team matchmaking cs:go tv , a significant improvement over previous iterations .
i agree with this question and have an unfortunate answer . the saddest part of the ios line is that itunes does not back up coredata / application generated data ( save games , favorites , you know , locally saved data ) . the only way this is feasible is if the application supported saving progress back to the server , and loading it back to the device next time you play . and , clearly , angry birds does not . this is an opportunity to contact the developers about angry birds and ask them to implement a server-side store of your progress , in addition to the local data . [ edit ] this answer is 50% wrong . a server side store would be great , and itunes does not back up application generated data , but you can pull saved files out with some finagling .
the generic way in windows 7 ( and 8 ) to the question " how do i tell this application to put its files somewhere else " is to use a junction . a junction is somewhere between a hard link and a symbolic link ( or a shortcut in windows ) . creating a junction in place of where you expect the directory to normally go will instead redirect the files sent to that directory to somewhere else . in this case , we want to create a junction from the usual minecraft directory of %appdata%/ . minecraft to a flash drive that is mounted ( for example ) as e : to do this , open the run dialog ( winkey + r ) and type mklink /j %appdata%\.minecraft E:\minecraft  ( make sure the original minecraft directory does not exist first ) . now when you run the applet , it will place the files in e:\minecraft .
this is a very situational , and depends on your play style . most skilled ap mids do not get an item based on whether it gives you more mana or mana regen . athene 's unholy grail ( aug ) is such a good item for mana hungry ap champs such as : ahri , anivia , kassadin etc . not only because aug has amazing mana regen abilities , allowing mana hungry champs to have sustain , but it also gives magic resist ( mr ) and a decent ability power ( ap ) boost . everything an ap mid would need to succesfully win his lane . it is also a very easy item to build up too . rod of ages ( roa ) is a good item because it gives mana and health and ability power . if you build this item first , catalyst the protector gives a decent sustain with its passive ability . also being one of the few meta acceptable items for an ap mid to build that has health , its great for survivability now a days the only champion that usually builds archangel staff is karthus , and its usually 4 archangel staffs with sorcerer 's shoes and rabadon 's deathcap . this usually accomplishes the goal of being able to nearly one shot the entire enemy team with requiem . although i would not suggest this build at all . as a rule of thumb for my builds i usually go heavy mana regen for ap champs such as ahri and kassadin . champs that have long cooldowns , and burn through their rotation very quickly . heavy max mana is great for champions like anivia and karthus who have very important aoe spells that are channeled and tear through mana faster then any amount of mana regen will keep up with . but this is hugely dependent on play style and preference and my opinion . if you had like examples for more champs let me know .
i do not think there is a cap on the amount of resources you can send allies . i do not have a definitive source for this but i have done some testing : my team once tried a strategy where one of us only built expansions and economy , protected by static defenses . she then piped the resources to my friend and i , who went for high-tech builds . she never ran into a limit on sending resources . this " strategy " is kind of fun since it lets one person handle all the macro and another all the micro , but it has it is own risks . you cannot send resources immediately though . when you start a game , if you click the transfer button right away , you will see there is a delay before you can start sending ( i think it is 5 minutes but i could be wrong ) . i assume this is to prevent a true cheese rush where people send all their resources to one person , effectively letting one person start with 18 workers .
stats breakdown : where this quote is from stat calc deking : the higher the deking attribute is , the more effective loose puck dekes become and the more accurately players will be able to shoot following a deke move . hand-eye : this attribute affects a player 's deflections , batted pucks , one-timers , and their ability to pick up hard passes . off . awareness : players in possession of high offensive awareness have good vision , which improves their playmaking ability and a knack for finding the back of the net . passing : the higher the passing attribute , the more accurate passes become . the passing attribute also affects the ability to make blind passes and increases the chance they will get passes through traffic as well as making those passes easier to control from the receiving player . puck control : this attribute affects a player 's ability to maintain control of the puck through hits and stick checks ( i.e. . poke checks and stick lifts ) . puck control also determines whether or not one can do an on-knees deke on the breakaway . shooting accuracy : wrist shot accuracy and slap shot accuracy control how accurate these shots are . shooting power : wrist shot power and slap shot power control how hard a player may shoot the puck . aggressiveness : this attribute gives a bonus to hitting intensity , a big hit intimidates opponents and in high-pressure situations , an intimidated opponent will have reduced shot quality , pass accuracy , and reduced aggression . body checking : this attribute gives the ability to deliver bigger body checks . checking also affects the intensity of the hits delivered . def . awareness : this attribute affects how much a player pays attention to protecting the defensive end of the ice . this includes better ability to take away passing lanes , lower susceptibility to being deked and greater effort on the back check . discipline : the discipline attribute affects the likelihood of taking penalties . for example , if a player has higher discipline , they will be less likely to get an elbow up on a guy during a hit . faceoffs : the winner of a faceoff is determined by a number of factors including this attribute which influences the likelihood of winning the faceoff . fighting skill : along with strength this attribute will affect punching power . shot blocking : shot blocking affects the speed in which a player gets up from a shot block , and the type of block -- a diving block ( on their stomach ) or a standing block ( straight up legs together ) . players with a high shot block attribute will be more likely to do the diving shot block . stick checking : this attribute affects both poke checks and stick lifts in their ability to take the puck successfully and to avoid taking penalties while doing so . acceleration : this attribute affects how quickly a player reaches top speed . if one has lots of acceleration , the player will get to their top speed faster than someone who has less acceleration but lots of top speed . agility : this attribute affects the ability to turn . the more agility , the sharper one can turn with speed . this also helps when cutting across the ice while back skating on defense . balance : this affects a player 's resistance from being knocked over on a hit as well as their puck control . the more balance one has , the better they stay on their feet . durability : this attribute decreases the chance of injury . in eashl specifically , you can play through all injuries but they will result in a temporary attribute reduction to your player never lasting beyond the end of that game . endurance : this attribute will determine the rate at which the player recovers energy when not skating with high effort . fatigue will play a greater factor if a player has low endurance . fatigue affects both skating ability and shooting . speed : this attribute affects a player 's top speed . note that a player cannot sustain a top end speed without high endurance . strength : this attribute is a modifier that affects shot power , fighting , checking , resisting hits , and boardplay . strength will give extra power in shots , punches and hitting . strength will also help with resisting hits . strength affects the ability to pin players to the boards while initiating boardplay , and the ability to slip free when one is being pinned in boardplay .
there is no demand mechanic as everybody has said , there is simply a truck spawn timer that spawns regional trucks to either export or import goods . the more regional truck bays you put on your trade depot the more trucks will come in to export/import goods . anyways , that is not your problem . if you have everything set up right and no traffic , here 's more than likely your problem : there is currently ( as of 03/26/2013 ) a regional trade truck bug which causes trucks to get stuck on the regional highway near the entrance of another city . this causes huge problems and results in excess storing up of your goods . i have seen this reported to maxis programmers several times and a patch is incoming to fix it .
press down on the thumb-stick while you are pushing it in the direction . this is a similar mechanic to modern warfare ( if you have played that ) .
looking at the wording available for the heck hound spell : deals 130 fire damage per pip over 3 rounds ( accuracy 75% ) it can be seen that the damage this spell can give is dependent on how many rounds you manage to stay fighting , as 1 more pip is added for every round you stay fighting . thus , the only way to compare this spell in regards to damage is by comparing it to other spells that use the same number of pips . so , for the number of pips , this is the total average ( damage * pips * accuracy * 3 rounds ) damage done by heck hound : 1 - 292.5 2 - 585 3 - 877.5 4 - 1170 5 - 1462.5 6 - 1755 7 - 2047.5 8 - 2340 9 - 2632.5 10 - 2925  we can see here that the spell 's damage is quite high . let 's also assume that there is only one enemy , so that spells that target all enemies can be considered fairly . running down all math , i was able to produce an excel file detailing all spells ' damage . by analyzing the data one can check that heck hound is indeed the most powerful ( in terms of damage ) spell , except for the 8 pips case , where king artorius ( myth ) alone gains a small advantage . the judgement spell from the balance school has similar mechanics to this spell , but falls a lot short , due to the round bonus .
if you come back to bhakti later , he will reward you new titles and trophies if you have fulfilled the requirements for them since the last time you visited him . so , there is no reason not to repair him the first chance you get .
yes you can . enter the rig system and hit the right bumper till you get to the database . they should all be there arranged by chapter . you may need to scroll down to see more . they are aranged by type and will appear as though there are blank spaces in the list till you find everything .
barbarians ( and assassins , in the expansion ) are the only classes who can dual wield . barbarians can dual wield any one-handed melee weapons - one-handed swords , one-handed axes , one-handed hammers . they can also dual wield throwing weapons like javelins , but without the double throw skill they can not throw from both hands . as a final point , they can also wield a two-handed sword in a single hand in order to dual-wield . this does reduce the damage , and the power of the weapon for both single-handed and two-handed version is listed on hovering . assassins can only dual wield their claw weapons . when you perform normal attacks , you will alternate between the weapons in your hands . the attack speed is calculated for each arm swing , so different weapon speeds will result in different attack speeds . however , the speed is generally faster than if you just swung either of the weapons twice . clicking faster has no effect , and the damage is simply that of each weapon hitting . and of course , dual wielding is necessary to use a number of combat skills like double swing , double throw , and frenzy for the barbarian , and some martial arts skills for the assassin . your right hand strikes first , but in most scenarios it is fairly moot whether you keep your weapons on one hand or the other .
as kevin y said , you need to unlock then beat mission 14 to unlock the chocobos , which requires you to beat 13 . . . this is the chain : 1-> 2-> 3-> 5 and 7-> 12-> 13-> 14 . the link has all the location maps for the bosses+cieth stones . after you beat 14 you will find chocobos scattered throughout the archelytte steppes . hope this helps .
bombs operate in an large area of effect way while missles fly towards where you are targeting with a smaller aoe attack though a bit of guess work or spamming is required if you want to hit something far . imo i prefer the rockets over the bombs since its faster to kill enemies .
i believe letting her die will reward you more ; however this is purley from memory and may not be entirely accurate .
from this thread : the crystal focus only works on plain no-ego weapons . further , from this thread : ah yes . . . the crystal focus . when melded with a normal , plain weapon , the results are great . more damage , random magic damage , pushed crits , pushed apr , pushed spellpower . an all-terrain bonus-fest . sadly bugged to hell . occasionally ( had it go both ways ) on the imbue screen it will not activate , and the natural reaction of the erstwhile player is to click multiple times apon the weapon out of sheer indignant righteousness . this has the unique effect of actually imbuing the crystal focus each click making a game-breaking kill everything weapon with a typical damage range in the hundreds of thousands . read the new sig of darkgod for the record damage of this bug . ( i think its ' around two billion damage - the rng flags the sucker with an exponential value ! ) awesome , right ? it also makes your rod of recall dissappear , rendering this bug a potential game-breaker .
no , it is not tied to the number of times you have used a particular item on the anvil . there is a random chance each time you drop an item , regardless of what happened to that item previously . i have had things cursed the first time i have dropped them , for instance . the dredmor wiki says that it is 2/7 chance of a curse , and a 5/7 chance of a blessing . i am always torn between using a really good item on it , in the hopes that it gets better , or using a kind of " meh " item in the hopes that it either becomes good or destroying it will not matter . frequently what i will do is try to use something that i have a duplicate of , or at least a backup for that slot . that way if it gets better , it is a win , and if it gets worse , oh well , i have got a backup .
you can not host a server for minecraft pocket edition using the pc dedicated minecraft server . despite the name and visual similarity , in software terms minecraft and minecraft pe are completely unrelated and incompatible games . there are currently two options for hosting a pe server : running an android simulator on a pc and running minecraft pe on that . using pocketmine-mp server software .
the big advantage of consoles like ps3 , xbox or wii is that their hardware does not change ( except maybe disk capacity and other minor things ) . a game developer can get the maximum out of the existing hardware , because he knows exactly what hardware his game will run on . that is not the case with pc games where you will encounter tons of different os/hardware combinations . this makes it much harder to optimize your game . the operating system is another big factor . while your typical desktop os has to deal with lots of situations and tasks , an os for a console can be optimized to provide an ideal environment for games . for example : if a game runs , there is no need to give any other threads high priority or suddenly swap some memory to disk , while on a desktop os this occurs rather frequently . therefore consoles are on par with most pc titles for a long time , just because the developer environment is stable . at some point in time the average desktop gpu will outperform consoles , but that is usually also the point where new consoles are being released . overall , the graphics capabilities is just one factor . if you look at the wii , they focused on something entirely different and had a huge success . i doubt that the average user is going to notice if physics are " high-modulated " or there are " real-time daylight savings " in the game . a lot of stuff in games is faked or done in a way that it is fast but maybe not that realistic . todays games still do not use the " correct " way for calculating 3d graphics , which would be raytracing . . .
hold on to them next patch tuesday you will be able to buy battle-master commendations patch 1.1.5 notes
based on my own experience and programming skills , i would say that each monster probably has a Pathing Algorithm that tells him how to move , where to move for , what to avoid and the maximum range from its Home Zone it is allowed to move away , if it leaves its home zone , the mob will return to its zone and reset . also , what takes place here is time without receiving damage . if you run in front of a mob , it will follow you , but if it receives no damage in a matter of , i would say 8-9 seconds , it will stop chasing you . there are two Triggers for the mob to stop attacking you and run back to its original coordinates : time without receiving damage and maximum walk range reached . numbers still needs testing but the Triggersare those , for sure , not taking in account the underwater environment which is sort of bugged causing monsters that are in battle with you face to face and in close range to sometimes , leave combat and regen full or half of its health for no good reason .
mitigation in neverwinter means exactly what the actual definition of the word means . so for example , ray of enfeeblement has the following description : ray of enfeeblement : over several seconds , deal damage to your enemy while decreasing their damage and mitigation . debuff duration increased based on stack of arcane mastery so , what this all means is for a period of time you have lowered the targets ability to reduce the damage from your incoming attacks . well how is the target mitigating ( there is that word again ) damage from your attacks in the first place ? good question , glad you asked . damage resistance is mitigation . damage resistance decreases the amount of damage you take from incoming attacks . defense helps to increase this stat . therefore , if you put this all together using what you just learned ( stay with me now ) it goes something like this . . . " target x " has a damage resistance stat 21.2% . you cast ray of enfeeblement on target x which reduces his damage mitigation by 15% . over the next several seconds , target x 's damage resistance ( ie : mitigation ) is effectively 6.2% 21.2% - 15% = 6.2%
if you have more units that depend on a strategic resource than you have of that resource , you will suffer a significant combat penalty , see the " strategic resource penalty " line item below : in this case , you will see a negative number on the top status bar by the strategic resource you are lacking . it does not matter how your strategic resources get into the negatives - you can have a trade deal expire , lose territory , or have an improvement pillaged , the effect is the same . 50% lost strength is a severe penalty - it makes these units worse than contemporary units that do not require resources ( ie , it makes a swordsman worse than a spearman ) and can even make the unit weaker than units of previous eras . the quantity you are over does not seem to matter , either . you can be -1 or -5 with the same 50% penalty . i tested this just now on a hotseat game between two players that were running different difficulty levels . the difficulty level did not seem to impact it either . further , i tried two different units , a swordsman and a roman legion and both had the same penalty applied . another side effect of going into the negatives is that any unit you were building that depends on that resource will immediately cancel . when i reconnected the strategic resource , i was able to resume production where it left off . i do not believe patch or dlc matters , but for the record this was in a game with all the current expansions/dlc ( civ5 gold , gods and kings , brave new world ) available .
the radial menu is defined in Steam\steamapps\common\alien swarm\swarm\scripts\radialmenu.txt , you can edit this file to change its functionality . the radial menu has 9 items , which are defined by their position : center , north , northeast , etc . each item has command and text properties - text is how the item shows up in the radial menu , command is executed when you select it in-game . you can chain multiple commands with a semicolon . the commands you will likely want to use are say ( followed by some text , no quotes necessary ) , cl_emote ( followed by one of the emote codes , display an emote ) and cl_chatter ( followed by a chatter code , makes your marine say one of his lines ) . emote codes 0 - Medic! 1 - Out of ammo 2 - Smile 3 - Hold position 4 - Follow me 5 - Be careful 6 - Anime smile 7 - Ready?  chatter codes ( only relevant ones , see full list here ) example custom radial menu in this example the central item will display a smiling emote , have you marine say thanks and write " thanks mate ! " to chat , cardinal direction items will announce that you are covering these directions , top left will display a warning sign and have your marine urge caution , bottom left will have your marine announce he is taking point , top right will display the " go " emote and bottom right will display the " stop " emote .
they are randomly generated . and here 's a great news for you . i have created a little webpage for generating the same exact names that are found on portal 2 coop end credits . see http://ericgagnon.net/portal2jobtitle ( refresh to get a new job title ) . it is a rest service so you guys can actually use it for your own apps or you can also get the source code in php . where you can find the list : inside XYZ:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\scripts\vscripts\credits\credits_coop.nut there is a section that contains job prefixes , middle and suffixes : and on line 639 of that same file , there is the script that randomly generates the job title :
just complete another assistance quest in solitude , it should update and then the quest will disappear from your journal . the uesp fix you mentioned in the comments by using the console may work for you , but it did not work for me so i had to do it the other way .
each vote gives the player an extra warzone commendation . each vote also provides you with 50 extra valor points . votes are given by players to other players based on their performance ( or whoever they feel like ) . to address mufasa 's comment/question : you can only vote for your own team . you cannot vote for yourself . again , you can only vote for your own team . sometimes the ui bugs out at the moment and you will not see the little shield icon to vote , just hit ctrl + u two times and it will reload your ui and let you vote .
apparently it is a known , and so far ignored , problem . one kind-of workaround is to set the graphics to -ultralowdetail , which for some weird reason usually solves this ( revert to normal details later , because the ultralow are really ultralow and horrible as it sounds ) . sometimes , even with higher details , if you go at one end of the screen and then another end , and do a little jump , the level starts scrolling . it is not much good , since it increases way too much startup time and frustration .
there are many uses for research points ( topics , features ) , but the easiest to overlook is training . you should consider the rp cost when training .
the galaxy at war progress is a simple multiplier that applies to all your saves , new and old . i have confirmed that my several characters all get the same readiness bonus . after playing multiplayer . war assets provided from promoting a multiplayer character are different ; like all war assets , they are tried to your single player save , so if you promote a character , they will not be in your new save . unfortunately the mass effect wiki does not confirm this but my own playthroughs have .
i am not familiar with age of empires 2 scenarios , but i found a list of scenarios with explanations which includes path blood at a blog called gaming lan . it does not include michi , but there is an explanation up at urban dictionary . . . . a type of game map that uses impassable terrain ( usually forest ) to prevent players from rushing or coming into contact until the intervening terrain is cleared .
all these are sourced from magickapedia bestest beam : super steam lightning beam sqfqfaa damage/sec ~701 bestest projectile : blizzardball d-qr-qr-qr-qr damage 2304 changed 10011 bestest projectile barrage : super wet arcane lightning express q-r-q-r-q-r-a-s-f damage ~3000 bestest nova : super arcane steam lightning nova s-q-f-q-f-a-a damage 2802 elemental blades : no hard data , but i know that having a lightning blade helps up the lightning effect , so it depends what off-hand weapon you have arcane blades : super arcane steam lightning blade s-q-f-q-f-a-a damage ~2800 fissure blades : no hard data , guessing that * arcane freeze-wall fissure * q-r-r-e-d-s would be best walls : exploding electric ice wall e-q-r-q-r-a-s damage 4000 - 5000 storms : steam lightning storm e-q-f-a damage 60 - fast ticks mines : three-way tie . 260 damage each : fire lightning mines ( e-s-f-a ) , steam lightning mines ( e-s-q-f-a ) , cold lightning mines ( e-s-r-a ) barrier : supersupersupersuper stone shield edddd also , self-cast spell : rock rock rock rock and rock ddddd will instantly kill any shieldless wizard , from memory it does about 1700 damage .
yes , there are some side quests that are not marked . if you scan a planet and find an anomaly there , this means there is a mission on that planet . they are pretty short , but somewhat more varied than the side missions of mass effect 1 . according to the mass effect 2 wiki there are 38 anomalies that each represent a side mission ( do not follow the link if you want to remain unspoiled ) .
this youtube video could probably help you : http://youtu.be/tbh55gliqje
to answer your title 's question , strange flamethrowers only count kills done by that weapon 's fire damage . this is either through direct damage ( w + m1 ) or the afterburn . it does not count reflects sadly . taken straight from the tf2 wiki 's strange page : the following actions do not increase the total kill count : killing an enemy with a compression blast . strange - tf2 wiki as for kill counts , i have a strange degreaser and flare gun too and my flare gun does have a lot more than the degreaser . my guess is in how i play . i tend to ignite , air blast and follow up with a flare gun shot or the axtinguisher . i reflect a lot also ( but those kills do not count ) . if at range i use the flare gun for ignitions and annoying . since the afterburn damage on the degreaser is less , then you are less likely to get a kill from that than the other flamethowers . also if you do the air blast and flare gun , the flare gun 's afterburn will override the degreaser 's so if you get the kill after that , it is for the flare gun . i would so love a separate counter on my degreaser for reflect kills , like the sentry kill count on the engy 's wrench .
unfortunately , there is not any way to keep the game from pausing when your controller shuts off . however , there is a way to keep the controller from turning off . sadly , you need either a wired controller , or the play ' n charge kit . by connecting the controller via the usb port on your xbox , it will keep the controller from powering off , allowing you to rake in the digital dough .
yes you can . i managed to do it on deus ex mode . here are a few things that may help out : use those exploding barrels . you can use those to take out enemies that are nearby . if you have a long ranged weapon like sniper rifle , it helps out a lot . you have to take out those heavies fast as they do tons of damage . get the attention of the big bot that gets dropped . if you can toss two emp grenades over , he will die . if you do not have any , shoot it a few times so he is focused on you instead . you can still save her on a pacifist playthrough , but its much harder . here 's a video walkthrough on how to do it . the reward for saving malik is : she later assists you by saving the sarif scientists in singapore and dealing with a bunch of enemies with an emp blast so you do not have to face them .
categorized favorites menu provides this , although the last time i used it ( a few versions back ) it had a few quirks , and sometimes did not actually equip everything it was meant to . might be fixed by now though .
zerg 's main advantage in starcraft is that they can produce workers at absurd rates compared to protoss or terran players . while doing so prevents them from building other units , the goal of most zerg players is to secure an economic advantage and then just barely hold off enemy attacks by producing last minute combat units . this allows them to hold a slight lead for the entire game and then finish it with the typical zerg lategame army : brood lord/infestor/roach/queen . there are two scenarios where you stop droning : there is something your opponent could be doing that would cause you to lose to his next attack . hopefully you have scouted this , but often you have to just assume he is planning a soon-to-hit attacking force due to the information that you have been able to scout . if you drone during this time and have guessed wrong , there is a good chance you will lose the game . most zerg players cut corners slightly and continuously scout what they can of the opponent 's base and his exit ramp with zerglings and overlords . when they see their opponent pushing out or amassing an army , they cut droning completely . alternatively , you should stop droning after you hit about 70-80 drones in a typical game . some top players prefer to peak at 90-100 drones before building dozens of spine/spore crawlers and then beginning a lategame zerg push . this mastery of the endgame is probably pretty foreign to newer players , though , so just stick to a hard limit of about 80 and you should be well off . finally , worth noting is the stephano method for zerg , which plays very differently but has caught on due to his success . he focuses more on a balanced composition ( building drones at about the rate terran or protoss players would , rather than all at once ) and takes the offensive in early-midgame with roach attacks to ensure that his opponents are not playing greedy .
zodiac weapons . . . are required to get a gold laurel wreath on the level . unlock more weapon fusion options , though they still do not seem to be special in any way . unlock a square in the treasure hunt grid , required for finishing the treasure hunt and 100% completion .
the metagame is established generally through the thousands of games played . usually , teams will get together and decide to try a team composition and success will lead them to keep trying it . obviously , over just a few games everyone 's performance will vary widely and no meta will save you on your bad days . . . . . . but over thousands of games with hundreds of thousands of players , individual skill becomes averaged out and what you are left with is what strategies tend to work . now , we need to distinguish a strategy from a meta to make a lot of sense here . i will do it very briefly : the metagame is a framework in which you insert individual pieces ( champions and builds , where builds are item/mastery/rune combos ) that fit the framework . in our current state , the " meta " is usually a high-survivability ( but not usually tank ) in top who can solo and scales well with items and experience ; mid is a character that scales best with experience ; bot is a character who scales best with items and needs either baby-sitter or someone to setup kills ; the jungler is highly variable , but often is prized for their ganking abilities . so , take any " pieces " that fit inside that framework , and you have a particular strategy within the meta . for instance , an aoe heavy composition is a strategy within the current meta . strategies are handed down from pro players ( usually , but not always ) , but the meta is determined by all of us . it is less a " choice " that people get to make and more a mathematical optimization realized over a ridiculous number of games ( millions ) . metas will usually stabilize without some dramatic changes in terms of patches and champions , which is what has happened in lol . more casual players will tend to emulate what they see the pro players do , which makes sense in terms of the number of games played per person .
light vs heavy bows i think there are objective answers to 1 . dps is frankly a minimal concern with bows considering : the real damage from bows comes from sneak attacks . both light and heavy bows will get the first shot at the same time ( t = 0 ) and then get one or two after that . ( personally , i would rather trade a bit of dps for higher initial damage . it is better to not need that second shot for me . ) you are not rapid-firing them , so even if the max speed differential is x% the actual differential is usually lower than that . plus you can miss . to get that higher dps you have to actually connect . it gets easier with bullet time , of course . it is not even a big difference . a daedric bow only weighs 4 ( pounds ? ) more than a glass bow , so it fires around 15% slower . the real question should be whether you want to conserve perks and what fits best from a role-playing perspective . the faster dps from light bows really comes from things like the long bow , where you would obviously be giving up a considerable amount of damage . but it is hard to say where on the continuum the next lightest bow is better than the next heaviest bow . in-game vs crafted smithing and enchanting will allow you to create much better weapons and armor than you will find in-game . add in alchemy and the difference is huge . this is especially true for items like the nightingale bow and other items where no smithing perks apply . in fact , <a href="stackexchange-url any bow for which you have a smithing perk can potentially be crafted to exceed the nightingale bow in damage . you do not really even have to exploit anything here ; if you have enchanting at 100 you can obviously add the same effects and with smithing at 100 you can definitely make a stronger bow .
t7 is by default a tank . you may think " what , why ? jedi knight is a tank " well not exactly , the guardian ac of jk is tankish , but the other half is not , so they added the first companion to be a tank by default . if you are a tank yourself and do not want it to get hurt , then you can disable the ' taunt ' ability it has so it does not use it . open your companion 's ability bar , look for the taunt and disable it by ( right clicking ? ) on the ability . the little gem on the upper left corner of the icon should turn off . as for how to heal the companion , you can buy med packs that heal both you and the companion from biochemists , check the gtn there should be plenty there .
in theory if you critical while doing a backstab you are more likely to one-shot your target and thus have the chance to trigger the assassination animation ( though i have become quite fond of the face to face animation as opposed to the from behind one ) . it has been found out that most of the perks in the one handed tree actually do not affect daggers because of the bonuses they get from the assassination perk along with the shrouded gloves making them do 30x damage total when used from stealth . despite this , it should be noted that a critical strike from an assassination attack has been noted to do around 32,000 damage ( which is why its understandable that the perks do not affect them : ) ) . . . even on master with all the ups and downs there is nothing in the game that could actually survive that . i have a set of daedric daggers that are legendary , but they were just crafted with 100 skill , maybe a 10-15% smithing item i might have found along the way but no real effort into maxing out the stats on them . . i have had no problem one-shoting anything i have been able to sneak up upon with these . i would say that in general the critical strike perks are a waste of perk points for an assassin . further more an assassin should want to keep things on as much of an even keel as possible . if you are relying on a critical strike and it only happens 50% of the time , then you are going to fail half of the time . much better to just work on getting a nice set of daggers to lead with so you can consistently kill anything that does not see you .
she stands around at the hidden camp before quest 8 , right at the edge of the cliff . like captain rumford in new tristram she always only has one topic at a time , and one of these topics will make her drop her poem .
no , they do not reset . what you are experiencing is a bug ( that is , as far as i know , still not fixed ) where achievements do not get transmitted to the server correctly and thus disappear again after starting a new session . for example , here 's a section from a news article about it : those users lucky enough to make it in have reported quite a number of issues . one which is drawing particular ire is the apparent loss of achievements , although responses in a blizzard forum thread on the matter suggest the servers may just be playing catch up ; the developer noted that the achievements server is getting hammered .
i have not verified the work around , but i can confirm that on a pc with origin , if you have any kind of dlc linked to your account you must be connected to the internet long enough to load your save . if you are disconnected at any time prior to that you will not be able to load your save or do anything really except start a new game . short answer : no offline play with dlc .
according to game designer anthony ordon : you’ll have enough to make any two you’d like if you play all five days . but : any rewards tied to a specific day will be attainable when those days are available for replay at the end . while tixx is in lion 's arch , you will be able to select which frame you want to build at the start of the event . if you have not built this frame before , you will receive the frame , 100 cogs , and 250 glue/stuffing . if you have built the frame before you will have your choice of wintersday gifts . by talking to tixx in lion 's arch , you will also gain access to the cheat beside him which will contain an additional 200 cogs . things brings the total number of attainable cogs to 700 . the wintersday finale gift was changed from being a chest in lion 's arch to being a mailed gift . in this gift , you will receive 250 cogs ( among other things ) . you will receive this even if you opened the chest pre-patch . this brings the total number of possible cogs to 950 meaning you can make 3 minis !
those are cosmetic . only the stars count . you can i mprove your score by finishing a round in one of the following ways . hole in one - for this , you have to get the star by drawing a single line old school , and - for this , you should not touch the ball or draw any pins awesome - the user marks a solution " awesome " . you can look for some sample solutions on youtube walkthroughs for each . : )
i can not really tell you why your autopilot does not work , setting destination should work fine unless you accidentaly put raneilles on to your " avoid system " autopilot blacklist . but you can of course always fly manually if the autopilot fails you ( happens more often than you might think ) and plan your route with out of game resources like dotlan . i prepared a navigation link on dotlan for you here : http://evemaps.dotlan.net/route/clellinon:raneilles
each difficulty level has it is own crafting materials . for example , in nightmare mode , subtle essence is replaced by shimmering essence , and fallen teeth is replaced by lizard eyes . once you start needing drops from a higher difficulty to train your smith in higher levels , you can know that you will not be able to craft anything learned at those higher levels without materials from those higher difficulties . so , in short , no , there is no real benefit to doing this . you can also browse all of the crafting recipes , sorted by smithing level over at blizzards game guide site . as you can see , level 5 crafted items learned via training require level 30 or above , at which point , you should be in nightmare mode . if you are learning these recipes while you are still in normal mode act ii , you are either severely overleveled , or you are already at a point where you can craft things long before you are able to use them .
no , there is no option to skip an attack . what you can do is either use a power potion and then a spell ( items are a ' free ' action , and there is really no point in hoarding consumables ) , or use the ' switch buddy ' command to swap in a different team member with a ranged attack , such as kenny . alternately , just eat the riposte . honestly , they usually do not do that much damage . butters can handle it .
i did some research on the subject and am able to conclude that the computer will never elect to kick-off , they will always receive . i started a game against each nfl team and restarted until i lost the coin-flip . my findings : 100% of the time they won the coin-flip , they elected to receive . i tried it in different weather/stadiums/winds/postseason and they still choose to receive .
you are -- later in the game megan reed confirms it , and you discover clues by doing the various sidequests . while you were an infant a corporation experimented on you and a few dozen other babies ; you were the only one to survive the modifications and come through , but the scientists who worked on you caught a bad case of remorse and torched the place after smuggling you out .
according to the answer posted on this question , and the article mentioned in the same question : the player can make a lot of choices about the main character 's story , but how much can we affect the world around us ? there are not a lot of destructive branching paths in the story that lock the player onto a certain path or close off things in the game . rolston used to think that forcing characters to make these kinds of choices was innovative game design , but he now sees them as too limiting . there are lots of choices in the game , but the consequences of the choices will not lock the player out of content . players will be able to complete all the faction questlines in a single playthrough of the game if they so choose .
i have a feeling that you have to start on hard and keep it there the whole way . i initially started on hard but i just do not really feel like fighting harder battles for no real benefit and wanted to lower it ( i now have less time to play since i am really busy with work nowadays ) . in trying to change it , i was warned that doing so may make [me] ineligible for certain achievements . so by that , it sounds like just lowering it below hard at any point in the game will kill chances for the achievement . yeah i know , that message comes up if you change the difficulty from any level , but that would not make my theory wrong .
there is no karma system in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning , you can do whatever you want and it wont really change anything in the game world ( except very few exceptions like the canneroc village , where you can change the fate of the village but it still wont have any impact on the rest of the game other then the village itself ) . quote from ign review by colin moriarty : there is not a karma system of any kind in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning . you do make choices throughout the game , but none of them are consequential enough to slant you down one direction or the other . doing something like slaughtering villagers will catch the attention of local authorities , however , who will attempt to arrest you . then again , you could fight them , pay them off , or break out of jail if you had like . . . so the answer to your entitled question is : no , your bad/good karma will not catch up to you .
i think that they are not compatible with buildcrafts pipes yet , you need to use a fluiduct ( you are free to use a pipe after that i think ) .
you can change skills whenever you want , but there are currently two penalties : there is a small cool-down in which you will not be able to use the new skill , which makes swapping skills frequently in combat disadvantageous . . . . . . and swapping skills will cause you to lose the " nephalem valor " buff that characters over level 60 get from killing elite monsters , which increases your magic find , causes boss monsters to drop additional items , and , since paragon levels were added in patch 1.0.4 , also gives bonus experience . see also the question on nephalem valor
i havent ever played pes but pro clubs is probably your best best , where you play as your virtual pro . you can invite friends and you make your own club , picking kits etc . you also play in cups for xp and upgrade your stadiums etc .
i tried this out recently , and all i could find was at wsgf but it works pretty well . since then , this is now officially fixed in battlefield 2 patch 1.5: i can confirm the latest battlefield 2 patch ( version 1.5 ) " fixed " the widescreen issues . although the main menu and some hud bars are stretched , and not in " proper " view .
you can not buy any traps or weapons that are naturally unlocked through the story with skulls . you can see what is and is not available for purchase in your spellbook . where most traps have the number of skulls needed to purchase them , story unlocks have a little shield that will show what is needed to unlock them upon mouseover . your friend is either lying or he is mis-remembering something . perhaps he purchased an upgrade for them , seeing as how they are unlocked very early in the story .
there is no other reference to this person in the dialog or other assets in the game that i can find , so i do not think there is an " in-universe " explanation as to who this person is . however , nathan bowden is one of the artists for the game , so it is highly likely that this is an easter egg left by the development team . nate is also one of the zombies you can fight in development hell .
trendee , i will try to list all of the rare and promotional skins . source - all champion skins ---- two skins you can get fairly easily right now : unchained alistar - subscribe to riot games ' youtube channel riot girl tristana - " like " on facebook *note that i will not list most of the legacy skins ; however , i will list legacy skins that were given out during promotions . all star akali - 975 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) black alistar - ( limited - digital pre-order ) vancouver amumu - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) regifted amumu - 520 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) team spirit anivia - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) goth annie - included in digital collector 's pack ( 3900 rp ) frankentibbers annie - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) rusty blitzcrank - ( limited - discontinued 17.01.2010 ) goalkeeper blitzcrank - 520 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) definitely not blitzcrank - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) arctic warfare caitlyn - 975 rp or pc gamer promo , north america ( if you did not get this from the promotion , you can still buy it ) nightmare cho'gath - 520 rp ( legacy ; used to be free through partnership with alienware ) ufo corki - free for accounts created before 14.01.2010 ( limited ) ice toboggan corki - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) mundo mundo - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) striker ezreal - 520 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) union jack fiddlesticks - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) pumpkinhead fiddlesticks - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) toy soldier gangplank - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) santa gragas - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) snowmedinger - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) victorious jarvan iv - limited : gold or platinum medal in season 1 the mighty jax - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) pax jax** - limited : pax 2010 or pax east 2011 festival kassadin - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) red card katarina - 975 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) kitty cat katarina - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) silver kayle - collector 's edition judgement kayle - limited : 10 matched games in season 1 reindeer kog'maw - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) festive maokai - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) candy cane miss fortune - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) k-9 riot nasus - meet rioter personally snow bunny nidalee - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) bewitching nidalee - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) haunting nocturne - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) workshop nunu - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) lollipoppy poppy - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) ragdoll poppy - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) king rammus - limited : closed beta testers human ryze - ( limited - amazon/gamestop pre-order ) champion ryze - win certain lol events zombie ryze - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) nutcracko - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) riot squad singed - limited : meet rioter personally ( before gamescom 2011 ) huntress sivir - direct 2 drive or gamer 's choice pack pax sivir* - limited : pax prime 2011 goodie bags silent night sona - 520 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) happy elf teemo - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) earnest elf tristana - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) viking tryndamere - 975 rp or promotion code from dreamhack summer 2011 pax twisted fate - limited : pax 2009 whistler village twitch - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) ) medieval twitch - 50 referred friends with raf 2.0 ( 350 with raf 1.0 ) curling veigar - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) nosferatu vladimir - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) grey warwick - 25 reffered friends with raf 2.0 ( 50 with raf 1.0 ) urf the manatee - 5000 rp ( 99% sales during first week ) ( limited - april 's fool 2010 ) winger hussar xin zhao - 975 rp or help with bug testing polish client version old st . zilean - ( limited - ( 23.12.2009 - 27.12.2009 ) ) i have been to pax east 2012 this year , and have gathered some knowledge about the pax skins . *pax sivir could be obtained @riot games booth at pax east 2012 . **pax jax was difficult to obtain at pax east 2012 , but was still available then . i had to win it from this " spin to win " wheel of fortune type game there .
all dungeons that have " level x " in the name will have at least 2 levels . random dungeons that have " level x " will always have only 2 levels ( and normally a resplendent chest on the second level ) , while story dungeons ( like the crater in act 3 , or the cathedral in act 1 ) can have more ( i think 4 might be the highest ) .
heimskr 's house is close to the gildergreen tree in the center of whiterun , very close to the shrine of talos where heimskr preaches during the day . the uesp 's map of skyrim might be useful if you are having trouble finding it . if you have completed a certain quest : the civil war quest " battle for whiterun " his house will have been blocked by debris . in this case , it will be inaccessible permanently . if you are doing a thieves ' guild radiant quest , ( and i am pretty sure you are , as this is the only reason to go to his house for a quest ) just go back to vex and quit the quest in this case . you can quit these quests and ask for new ones at any time with no penalty ( besides some snarky responses from the questgivers ) .
complete list of pictures of this building ( travian v4.2 ) :
i played with this for a while ( just for fun though ( dont use it on a server ( it is still unfair compared to the other players ) ) ) . i used a x-ray texturepack which you can just put in your texturepack in . minecraft or directly through minecraft itself . strongestcraft : http://resourcepack.net/category/x-ray-resource-packs/ i hope this helped . edit since this is a texture-pack and no mod it does not interfere with any mods . the obvious downside it that you cant combine this with a fancy hd texture pack but you would not see any blocks anyhow so that does not matter .
inventory you cannot keep stuff in chests , so you will have to optimise your inventory . keep resources in their densest form , e.g. logs , iron blocks , gold blocks . throw away excess stuff when it is time to move , only take your most valuable ( irreplaceable ) stuff with you . mining you will probably want to establish a temporary base while you mine . it is not worth keeping anything but the end product so smelt and ' compress ' everything while you move on . health you will not be able to farm any food , so kill every mob you see for food . general safety . always have enough basic blocks ( wood/dirt ) to construct a minimal shelter , and always have a bed so you can skip the night . always keep a crafting table in your inventory . since it is hardcore , always have a weapon , and build leather/iron armour as soon as possible . try and skip nights as often as possible . only travel during the day .
skills that work with teammates akali 's twilight shroud also hides other friendly akalis . anivia 's frostbite will do double damage to an enemy that is ' chilled ' by another friendly anivia . brand 's abilities will all gain their passive effect if a friendly brand 's immolation is on that enemy . cassiopeia 's twin fang will be set to a . 5 cd if it hits any enemy poisoned by another friendly cassiopeia ( also goes for teemo/singed poison when not in ofa ) . darius gains movement speed from his passive for bleeding enemies , no matter which darius applied the bleeding stacks . diana 's moonlight an allied diana can use others diana 's moonlight for her lunar rush . draven may catch another friendly ( or foe ) draven 's spinning axe . jarvan iv using friendly jarvan 's demacian standard to dragon strike towards . jayce 's acceleration gate will boost the power of all friendly jayce 's shock blasts . kennen 's mark of the storm stacks no matter which kennen applies them . leblanc 's sigil of silence can be procced by friendly leblancs ( including another leblanc 's sigil of silence ) . leona can proc friendly leonas ' passive . lux can detonate the passive from any other friendly lux . maokai 's vengeful maelstrom 5 of those ulti 's will make everybody inside almost unkillable . nocturne 's duskbringer will increase friendly nocturne 's stats . quinn can proc any friendly quinn 's harrier syndra can use all friendly syndra 's orbs as if they were her own . twitch 's deadly venom can stack with other twitch 's deadly venom and be procced by a friendly twitch 's expunge . urgot 's acid hunter will lock on to a target hit by another urgot 's noxian corrosive charge . varus ' blighted quiver can stack and be procced by friendly varus ' abilities . vayne can stack on and proc friendly vayne 's silver bolts vi can stack on and proc other vi 's denting blows zigg 's satchel charge launches other friendly ziggs upon detonation . zilean 's time bomb will explode instantly if another zilean places a bomb on the same target . zyra can create plants from friendly zyras ' seeds skills that do not work with teammates passive auras buffs like heimer 's passive or janna 's passive do not stack . akali 's mark of the assassin cannot be triggered by another friendly akali . katarina 's bouncing blade mark cannot be triggered by another friendly katarina . mordekaisers cannot stack their ultimate . if attempted , the skill does nothing but the cooldown resets . sejuani 's permafrost active does not affect enemies with permafrost from another sejuani . xerath 's mage chains stun cannot be triggered by another friendly xerath . zac can only pick up his own blobs that drop when using abilities . possible skill interactions ( untested ) ahri 's charm increasing damage of friendly ahri 's . darius ' hemorrhage increases damage of friendly darius ' ults . swain 's torment incresing damage dealt by friendly swains . thresh 's the box damaging and enemy only once no matter how many different thresh walls they break . vladimir 's hemoplague either refreshing the duration or stacking for more increased damage .
you can make an apiarist 's bag ( from extra bees i think ) , it can hold as many bees as the apiarist 's chest , and can be carried around . put the bag into receiving mode and shift-click the chest with the bag in your hand . this sucks all the bees into the bag . move the chest and then shift-click again in any other mode to empty the bag into the chest .
from nintendo 's help page : error code : 006-0105 situation : you were disconnected while using an online feature , such as pokémon bank . what to do : if you receive this error code , move closer to your wireless router or access point and try again . if the issue persists , review your dns settings , and update the settings to auto-obtain . [ how to ] if this is already set to auto-obtain , you may try entering an alternate dns , such as google 's dns . [ how to ] situation not resolved : if the issue continues for an extended amount of time , please contact nintendo by calling 1-800-255-3700 . representatives are available from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. , pacific time , 7 days a week . in short , you were disconnected when you were running pokemon bank ( went out of your router 's wi-fi range , router disconnected , etc . ) , and reconnecting and staying connected should fix the problem .
i am not sure if i understand you correctly , but i will try and provide as much info as possible : default patterns : from the moment you begin the game , you have 10 default pattens in your pockets ( accessible via the pencil icon on your touch screen ) . you can use these patterns as a hat or an umbrella by simply selecting the pattern and pressing wear ; this prompts you to choose between a hat or umbrella . these patterns can also be displayed on the ground and many choose to create paths using them . if you want to do this , simply select " display on ground " instead of " wear " . custom patterns : if you wish to make a custom pattern ( your own design ) and make it from scratch , you need to talk to mabel and she will ask if you want to make a pro design or save a design . simply click " make a pro design " . it is at this stage she prompts you to choose whether you want to make a shirt ( prompts for further details such as sleeve length ) , a dress or a hat ( which can also be used as an umbrella ) . it costs 500 bells to make a design and the pattern must replace one of the existing 10 default patterns , much like previous animal crossing games . you can then decide to display them in the shop or wear them . to wear them , simply select the pattern ( assuming you made a pro design ) from your pockets and select wear . if it is a pro design or a hat/umbrella , it will prompt accordingly . foreign patterns other third-party designs or patterns other players have made can be obtained by using the qr machine . this machine allows a player to scan a qr code with the 3ds camera which then asks if you wish to overwrite one of your patterns with the newly found qr pattern . you get to preview the pattern first which is handy . the machine appears in the shop 7-10 days after you first speak to sable , but you must speak with her once a day , every day until it appears . you can also save your designs and export/share them by creating your own qr codes using this machine . extra info : further details about ables and patterns can be found here . a great resource for popular qr designs can be found here .
this depends on many factors , including your position as a player and the type of terrain around you . mobs will despawn when they are out of a 128 block radius of the player . this means that for the spawner to be active if the player is anywhere within 128 blocks at the spawner 's level , it has to be at least 128 blocks above the ground . this works for pretty much any generic mob farm , and it works in a populated server . having blocks in an area above level y128 can decrease efficiency of mob spawning , since it has to account for more chunks , though , so here are some other options : if you want to make a less tall , but still efficient design you can locate the player above the farm so that the despawn radius includes the spawner but excludes the rest of the world . note that this design is better suited for afking , since you will have to make many trips up and down for this to work . this can be used for witch farms , as well as hostile mob farms . you can also " sanitize " a 128 radius area , by lighting up every cave and surface you can find . this is obviously quite tedious , but it can allow for a ground-level farm that is active no matter where the player is . this works for witch farms as well , and is probably your best efficiency if you are playing on a server .
vanilla support for this has been added . the syntax is : /give &lt;playername&gt; &lt;data-value&gt; [amount] [damage-value]  note that if you specify a damage value , you must specify an amount . so for this specific case , you would use : /give &lt;your-name&gt; 6 &lt;how-much-you-want&gt; 1 
patrolling keeps the worker from getting killed easily , while still blocking the area . and it is more efficient than manually moving around , you can let it ' patrol ' and move on with your business .
weekly events are over and commendation packs for completing those events no longer are attainable . all weapons are now available through the packs in the store ( purchasable by credits or bioware points ) . patch notes : collector rifle is also in the store packs as a rare .
hacking that particular computer gives you 25 xp . i suspect that it might be context sensitive , depending on the order in which you tackle the different cities .
well , erm , i am not exactly sure how to tell you this , but . . . hammerfight supports gamepads out of the box . i just booted it up with my wireless xbox 360 gamepad plugged in , and it picked it up immediately . the only thing you have to do is disable multy-mouse in the settings .
in the more recent games , there are npcs that you can talk to and they will tell you what type of hidden power your pokémon has . according to bulbapedia , the locations of the npcs are : platinum : veilstone game corner prize exchange hg/ss : celadon game corner prize exchange b/w : pokémon center of mistralton city . if you want to find out through combat , here 's something i threw together ( disclaimer : there is likely a much more efficient way to figure it out ) : 1 . battle a patrat / lillipup . super effective : fighting . did not affect : ghost . normal effectiveness : goto 2 2 . battle a cottonee / petilil . super effective : goto 3 . not very effective : goto 4 . normal effectiveness : goto 5 . 3 . battle a klink . super effective : fire . not very effective : goto 6 . did not affect : poison . 4 . battle a roggenrola . super effective : goto 7 . normal effectiveness : electric . 5 . battle a sewaddle . super effective : rock . normal effectiveness : goto 8 . 6 . battle a woobat . super effective : goto 9 . normal effectiveness : goto 10 . 7 . battle a ducklett . normal effectiveness : grass . not very effective : water . did not affect : ground . 8 . battle a sandile . normal effectiveness : goto 11 . not very effective : dark . did not affect : psychic . 9 . battle a ferroseed . normal effectiveness : ice . not very effective : goto 12 . 10 . battle a timburr . super effective : flying . normal effectiveness : goto 13 . not very effective : bug . 11 . battle a darumaka . normal effectiveness : goto 14 . not very effective : steel . 12 . battle a drilbur . normal effectiveness : dark . not very effective : rock . 13 . battle a trubbish . normal effectiveness : goto 15 . not very effective : poison . 14 . battle a deino . super effective : dragon . normal effectiveness : normal . not very effective : dark . did not affect : psychic . 15 . battle a blitzle . normal effectiveness : dragon . not very effective : steel . my thought process ( possible types at each stage ) is in the revision history of this answer .
execution if a champion dies and has not been damaged or debuffed by another champion in the last 10 seconds , it is an execution . otherwise , the kill is awarded to the enemy champion who last dealt damage . executions are generally caused by a turret , minion , or monster . an execution offers no gold but still gives experience to nearby champions on the opposite team . also from the wiki like 2 inches further down . so basically , if you exhaust an enemy champion at 9 seconds after the damage you dealt it gets reset . the only way for them to dive a tower or minion wave and commit suicide is if it has been 10 seconds since any enemy has inflicted any kind of debuf or damage .
the save file format used in skyrim for xbox , once it has been extracted from the xbox save file container file , is identical to the format used on pc and only needs its file extension changed from .dat to .ess . the game engines are also identical . so the answers to your questions are yes , yes , and yes .
i am doing my sl1 run right now and for me raw damage output per blow is definitely not all that matters . i prefer to have a weapon with a nice move set and i have upgraded two hand axes with lightning and fire for quite decent damage ( 400 total for +5 lightning ) and really fast blows with low stamina drainage ( = around five blows in quick succession ) . but sure , for maximum damage the reinforced club is the way to go as far as i know .
first of all , according to your comments , you are not willing to buy it . the backpack expander is a ungiftable and uncraftable . it is only available through purchase or trade . the only possible way to get the backpack expander is through trade . i am afraid you will likely have to purchase one through the steam wallet . there is hope ! ! you may be able to find something one of the trading sites of team fortress 2: dispenser warehouse backpack source : tf2 wiki
the short explanation is that you stay in shadow form 95% of the time , throw dots on everything , then sit back and watch the enemy 's face melt . remember that you can still cast discipline spells , namely power word : shield . the only reason to leave shadow form is to cast an emergency heal ( or three , since they are going to be pretty wimpy as a shadow priest ) . dots you learn three main damage-over-time spells , which are pretty self-explanatory : shadow word : pain devouring plague vampiric touch if the enemy 's face is not melting fast enough for you , you can use mind flay or mind blast to speed things up . once its health drops below 25% , finish it off with shadow word : death . you should be able to easily juggle multiple enemies at a time by casting dots on everything , then using psychic scream ( or dispersion ) to keep them off you until they die . for me , this worked all the way through to level 80 where mobs started to get beefier . mana shadow priests get a lot of mana replenishment abilities . you will definitely want to use glyph of spirit tap , which replenishes mana when you kill an enemy using shadow word : death , and masochism / glyph of shadow word : death which replenishes mana when you do not kill an enemy using shadow word : death . eventually you will learn shadowfiend , a temporary pet that gives you mana when it attacks , and dispersion , which replenishes a bunch of mana and prevents 90% of damage for a few seconds . mind spike once you hit level 81 you will learn mind spike . along with the mind melt talent , this gives you an alternate way to open combat : instead of applying dots , you can cast mind spike twice then follow up with an instant-cast , guaranteed-critical mind blast which ( with paralysis ) stuns the target for 4 seconds . if the mob is not already below 25% health after that assault , you can just throw out another spike or a mind flay before finishing it off with shadow word : death .
if you only want to teleport people who are in a certain group , you can use the new scoreboard command to create a ' group ' of people ( using teams ) , and then teleport only that team with this command ( targets nearest player in the group specified ) /tp @p[team=&lt;internal group name&gt;,&lt;other params here&gt;] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  to set up your groups , you can create a group like this : /scoreboard teams add &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;display name&gt;  and then add people to this group like this : /scoreboard teams join &lt;internal group name&gt; &lt;user name&gt;  the advantage of this system is also that you can use it actually to separate groups in the actual game . the scoreboard command has a feature that means that the display name of a team will be displayed before the actual username , appearing like this in the chat : [&lt;display name&gt;] &lt;user name&gt;: ...  more info on this system can be found in the wiki page linked above . changing the @p in the first command above to a player name will stop it from working , because parameters that are inside the [ and ] will only work for @p , @a , and @r . so you cannot substitute the first command above to /tp &lt;player name&gt;[r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; . it just will not work . if you really want to use the r parameter on a single person , try using the above method that uses teams , but only put one person in the team . here is a quick way to do this . type these into the command console : and then in the command block , to teleport that person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[team=&lt;internal player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt;  alternatively , you could just specify the name of the player in the selector . following the previous example , if you want to teleport a certain person if they are in a radius of 2 , you could use : /tp @p[name=&lt;player name&gt;,r=2] &lt;x&gt; &lt;y&gt; &lt;z&gt; 
maximum reputation is 1050 , with thresholds at 210 , 420 , 630 , 840 . numbers from coalesced.bin .
in the brief description of the game on bandai/namco 's site and in the app store , the only extra life mentioned is at 10,000 points . this would be consistent with the original , as tzenes points out : you got only a single extra life at 10,000 and nothing more after that .
after playing for a while , i am now under the impression that corkscrews are in fact placed completely randomly in the song . unlike other people who seem to only encounter them at intense moments of songs , i may have actually encountered more of them in the least intense moments of songs ( intro , outro ) , in addition to some others which seemed arbitrarily placed throughout tracks . however , given that on any given track , the corkscrews will always be in the same place , there must be some sort of operation going on that determines their placement , but i will be damned if i have a clue what it is . anyway , this was too long for a comment .
as per johnoboy 's link , i had reinstalled the game and the problem promptly disappeared .
yes , you can . just try it out : create a level 1 hardcore dummy , then try to delete your non-hardcore character . nothing will stop you from doing so .
diablo iii base game according to blizzard , the artisan cannot add sockets , and the game guide is erroneous ( to be updated in the future ) : artisans cannot add sockets to items . that information about the jeweler in the game guide of our website is erroneous and we are in the process of updating it . socketing was a feature that was in the game very early on , but ultimately it did not end up enhancing the play experience as we had hoped .
there are two major factors in determining how effective cc is . the first is mob type . rares and champion packs tend to resist the magnitude of cc effects - this is even explicitly stated on blinding flash 's tooltip ( elites get a chance to miss , rather than being blinded ) . likewise , bosses are also highly resistant to cc . diablo , for instance , can basically ignore the snare from a wizard 's blizzard . the other factor is difficulty - cc effects last less long on higher difficulties . at hell and inferno , stuns , knockbacks , and the like sometimes simply fail to occur in the first place . so to answer your posed scenario - sure , 4 monks could permanently cc a group of normal mobs - but a group of mobs in normal difficulty are not something you had need to permanently cc in the first place .
no load up this schematic using mcedit . it is a block transporter , pressing the button triggers the pistons to transport the block horizontally . sometimes , the block will traverse the entire system : sometimes it will stop at a random point some way along .
while skills refer to percentages of weapon dps , they each have internal attack and pulse rates that are not mentioned in the tooltips . generally , they refer to the overall damage you will see per second , and the damage values you will see per individual hit will reflect that . if you are using passives like prodigy or effects such as gaining arcane power on crits , you might find more use out of faster attacks like electrocute despite their lower damage in general . while not being a specific answer to the question , this post on wizard weapon selection and attack speeds may offer additional insight into why things work this way . ( note that while the first link refers to dots and channeled skills , it appears to be generally applicable to all skills in the game , and my personal testing seems to reinforce that point . if anyone has non-anecdotal evidence to oppose that , please share ! )
no , furnaces do not start fires the fire effect from one is purely visual .
they are earned per kill . i do not know if you can manipulate which bonus that you get ; the bonus that is earned may be at random . i do not know what they are called . update : at least the heat sink ( no overheating ) bonus can be obtained from cracking a crate . this bonus has a diamond-shaped outline unlike the other kill-streak bonuses .
you will be fine . you found a bug in the quest scripting , is all . the intended behaviour is that you have to disrupt/aggro and fight the enthralled wizards , which then releases morokei , but there is nothing in the quest or rest of the game that relies on actually killing them . the rest of the quest triggers off of killing morokei and getting the staff . though , you did miss a pretty sweet boss fight .
attach the gate directly next to the quarry and test for " work done " there is a specific pullevent you can pull to detect redstone signals : os.pullEvent("redstone")
hitting certain parts of a monsters body will result in a deflective hit if your sharpness is not high enough . a deflective hit still does damage to a monster , but less than a normal hit does . it also reduces your sharpness more than a normal hit .
space center is designed to provide cities with extra tourists , max tech level for industrial buildings , and to be fun to look at . construction space center costs 1,000,000 simoleons to start construction . once construction starts , you will need to fill the construction resources from your city : 40,000 computers , 1,400 alloy , 170,000 fuel . the entire region can chip in to finish construction . operation the space center has a power requirement of 100 mw/hr which must be " available to trade " from the cities in the region . this question here goes into the detailed analysis of how operating requirements work . the space center also requires 300 spare workers to operate . this is crucial and will frequently cause the space center to stop working if the sims decide not to commute anymore . since jobs in the current form of simcity are so easy to have unfilled , it tends to cause underemployment and thus no free sims to work at the space center . space center 's two phases of operation 1 ) " building " phase immediately after completing the construction , on the bottom left you will see a countdown timer saying " building satellite . you have 48 hours left to launch " . this timer is notifying you that you are in the first phase of operation . 2 ) launch phase after the 48 hours has ticked by , you will need to wait another 24 hours for the actual satellite launch . these two phases will keep rotating , building then launch . after the countdown is complete they will wheel out a rocket and it will launch , notifying you : benefits while all the launch hooplah is purely for visual entertainment , what is going on behind the scenes during these phases ? there are two benefits : 1 ) tech level this benefit is pretty simple and straightforward . it acts exactly like a university in that it upgrades any industrial zoned buildings you have to the highest tech level . i did not personally study or watch how fast buildings would get upgraded to the highest tech level but i assume this great work would upgrade them rather quickly for its high cost . the tech level benefit from the space center is visually represented as purple lines stretching out everywhere in your city : 2 ) tourists but you would not build the space center for it is tech level benefits , you would build it for the tourist benefit . in the particular region i built this in we had no tourist cities so i do not have any hard numbers on its full potential . the biggest thing to remember is the tourists come in phases . during the 48hr building phase , your city will not receive any new tourists . during the 24hr launch phase , tourists will start to flow in . these two phases will repeat indefinitely . i need to do some further testing regarding the wealth classes of tourists it pulls in ( i suspect all ) , and see to how many tourists it truly could attract . security incident there is a random event built into the space center that causes it go offline due to a " security incident " . there is a mission that pops up saying they require computers ( just one shipment ) to get back running . i did not wait for a very long time to see if it would just have went away , and i did not cancel the mission . this is disturbing since a shipment of computers costs 150k+ simoleons , and the mission reward is 10k . conclusions due to the high cost of constructing the space center ( i think i paid around 8,000,000 for the computers alone ) , it is financially not worth it at all . even once you get it constructed it randomly will stop and wait for you to send it more computers ( which you could have made money off of ) . i did not maximize my tourism in my cities to see what the space center is capable of , but due to the high cost of materials , you are not likely to have much tourism in the cluster because all your cities will have to be either huge oil/metals/electronics cities , or they will have to make solid money off tourism , and import materials to fund the construction . it is pretty clear its not financially smart to build this great work . the real reason to build it is for purely for fun because it is pretty enjoyable to watch the rockets blast off next to your city . if i learn anything else i will update this answer .
from my observations , honorable opponent is only visible for the opposing team while the other 3 honors are only visible to your team , including yourself . teammate , friendly and helpful should be visible for you . if it is not , you do not have it . honorable opponent is not visible to yourself and i could not find any way to see it , so the only way is to ask your opponents ( not your teammates ) . update : the recent elise patch seems to have changed it so honorable opponent is also visible for teammates , which most likely means it will also be visible to the player himself .
players are speculating that it has changed to game speed time , which is approximately 1.4x faster than real time , instead of real time which is what is contributing to your increased apm . an official post from blizzard community manager kaivax actions per minute ( apm ) a number of players have noted that the apm calculation appears to have changed . we can confirm that there is an issue here , and we are working on a fix that should come with a patch after the release of heart of the swarm . furthermore , we have long had a goal of changing apm so that it is perfectly accurate with regard to real time . we continue to work on that , and intend to have more to say about that in a few weeks . --edit-- the guys over on the team liquid forum have been doing some testing into what is going on " there is some kind of the average apm inflation which occurs at specific moments in time . effectively at those moments a multiplier to average apm is added with cumulative effect . the most prominent ones are at 4:15 ( 255 seconds ) , 8:31 ( 511 ) , 17:03 ( 1023 ) , and probably 34:07 ( 2047 ) . usually at that time average apm is stable enough to see big swings and i also suspect the % value of apm inflation is higher ( 15-20% ) than during earlier ones . earlier moments of apm inflation are at 2:07 ( 127 seconds ) , 1:03 ( 63 ) , 0:31 , and maybe 0:15 and 0:07 but apm is too volatile at those points and the % of apm increase is probably less than at later periods . " http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=399526 personally , i do not bother using any of the after game stats provided by blizzard as i find them mostly useless . if you are really interested in stats i would suggest you check out sc2gears .
i had always assumed that it did , but to make sure , i just tested two cases in a custom game . i did these tests on the proving grounds for convenience ; the passive gold gain bonus on the map should not affect the results . in addition , i used greater quintessences of avarice and full points in the greed mastery for a total of +5 gold per 10 seconds . i proceeded to purchase a philosopher 's stone when the in-game clock read 1:00 . from here , i did one of two things . in the first case , i cast whimsy on myself whenever i was alive and ran directly to the outer turret . when the in-game clock hit 5:00 , i had 1923 gold . in the second case , after buying the philosopher 's stone , i sat in my base until 5:00 . at that point , i had 1917 gold . the minor differences can be attributed to the inaccuracy of the client-side game clock . in short , yes , gold per 10 items still tick while you are dead .
there are several jungle paths , depending on your jungler and when you first want to gank . junglers usually fall into two categories : red start junglers and blue start junglers some examples : red start : shyvana lee sin riven blue start : maokai skarner olaf warwick the red start route is : wraith -> red buff lizard -> wolves -> wraith -> blue buff golem the blue start route is : wolves -> blue buff golem -> wraith -> wolves -> red buff lizard each route gives you level 2 directly after the first buff , giving you the option of an early gank , depending on your jungler and if one of the lanes is in a situation where you can gank . you use your first smite on the buff creep to finish it off and then when you reach the other buff creep on either route , your smite should be back up again or be close to it ( less than 5s cooldown ) . usually your teammates should cover you against early invades by positioning themselves near the entrances to your jungle . once the wolves or wraiths are close to spawning ( 1:40 ) , your teammates should help you clear that jungle camp by attacking the smaller creeps . if they accidently steal one , it is not that big of a deal , you should still get level 2 after the buff . at 1:55 the buff creeps spawn , at which point the mid player - or in case mid is a melee champion like fizz - the top or bottom lane should auto-attack the creep once and then just run away . this gives you a few seconds in which you can attack the creep without it attacking you , which allows you to kill it while taking a lot less damage . as mentioned above , once the creep gets low enough for your smite to finish it , use the smite . there are smiteless openings but they rely on your teammates staying to attack the buff creep to at least about half health which can cost them precious xp and gold in their own lane . that can put them behind early , so i do not recommend doing that in solo queue . depending on your champion , you might want gank after the buff or continue with normal farming . champions like lee sin always gank straight after the red buff , other junglers like maokai usually wait until they have both buffs . in any case , you should always gank at least as soon as you have both buffs , though where you gank depends on the lane situations and which side of the map you are on . if your champion does not rely on mana or cooldowns - for example lee sin - you can give the first blue buff to the mid champion . when to invade is a complex topic . basically , if you see the enemy jungler on the other side of the map , you can safely invade . for example if you are on the purple side and you have just ganked bottom after taking your blue buff , you then see the opposing jungler in the top lane , that means you can sneak into the opponents jungle and take one of the minor camps . if you do not know where he is , you should only invade if you have an oracles potion so you know when you are walking through a warded area and when you are strong enough to contest or at least escape from the opposing jungler in a 1v1 fight . as for full 5man invades at the start , you have to look at your and your opponents team composition and evaluate which would be stronger at level 1 . if your team would be stronger , go for an invade . if your team is even or weaker , just have people on the lookout at the entrances to your jungle and once all 5 opponents walk in , run away and go to their buff and take that instead . jungling is however not limited to the first 3-4minutes until you have the first two buffs , you also have to keep a lot of stuff in mind all game long . that is : when do your buffs respawn ( 5 minutes from when they are completely cleared ) . be there when they respawn , not 2 minutes later . when do the enemy buffs respawn , it gives you an opening to steal or contest them if you are strong enough compared to the opposing jungler . when you can take dragon . all of those should be the case for a safe dragon : your bottom lane just got a kill on their ad carry . your midlaner has pushed the lane to the enemy tower and is free to help . you have enough health to tank the dragon until your ad carry and mid lane kill him . your smite is ready to finish off the dragon once he is low enough , preventing a sneaky dragon steal . when the dragon respawns ( 6 minutes from death ) where the opposing team places wards and which ways you can take to avoid those wards . most junglers get an early oracles to remove wards which forces the enemy to play a lot safer because they do not know where you are . where the opposing jungler will most likely appear next your team pushed the lane too far and is vulnerable your team dominates their lane opponents , forcing their jungler to help one of the buffs came up for the opponents , so he will be on that side of the map and most likely gank one of the two lanes nearby . if you can judge that correctly , you can countergank and either save your teammate or even turn the gank around and get a kill or two on the opponents . which summoners were used on which lane how long ago . if you saw them use flash , stay nearby a little longer and the next time they advance slightly too far , jump on them and this time they can not escape anymore . buff timing is the most critical factor right after the gamesense for ganks . if your midlane has to fight the opponent for even 30s when the opponent has blue buff and your teammate does not , it can put them behind and they run the risk of getting killed .
it is rather easy ; hold down the throw button ( default right-mouse on pc ) before throwing it . dishonored provides you a neat little ui indicator telling you how long you have until it blows . hold it as long as you need , then throw . do make sure to leave enough time for the grenade to get where it is going .
obviously , this is going to be full of spoilers for the endgame . i will try to break them down so that you can minimize your exposure , should you wish . i am not going to go into heavy details about story ( except where noted ) , just how the gameplay mechanics shift . after you use the chamber , the effects at the base are : you can no longer " scan for activity " ( ie , advance time ) on the mission control view . therefore , any research or foundry projects will halt , and soldiers will stop healing . you can not get any further money or resources , although you can build items if they are completed immediately . the only mission you can take is the final assault . the soldier who uses the chamber : will gain a new psi power - rift , which has a four turn cooldown . it generates a damaging psi field in an area for 2 turns , which will severely damage any enemies inside of it . it has a range similar to the rocket launcher , so if you plan on using it on the final mission , you should probably put it on someone who is not going to hang way back like a sniper . a front line trooper will probably get the most benefit . when you accept the mission : you must take the soldier who used the chamber . if this soldier dies on the mission , the game is over . the mission itself is fairly long , so pace yourself . at certain points aliens will spawn from nowhere , so be on your guard as you move up - you will be flanked as if by magic . expect to fight at least one of every alien , and at times multiple of the more challenging ones . the ship is broken down into rooms , and you must kill all the aliens in a room in order to proceed . after the mission ( massive story-related spoilers ! ) : there is no chance to continue the game further . also , the soldier who used the chamber will die , for what that is worth . since the only thing left is to watch the ending and the credits , this is not a big deal game-wise , but if you have a particular attachment to your squad , pick someone knowing that they are not coming back .
you are right , it is tied to your merchant level , so you can not tell what they are until it gets higher . however , when you leave the dungeon they automatically get identified , so you can look later and see what you found . the only real downside is that you can not know if it is good or worthless while you are deciding what to keep in the dungeon .
chains occur by killing multiple monsters of the same type . you start a chain of 1 once you kill a second monster of the same type . this causes you to get more experience with every such kill . the same type means the same color and kind - blue slimes are different from green slimes , but both kinds of red mushrooms will chain , for example . for example , suppose you run into a room and there are four blue slimes and three blue eyebats . you could kill them in any order , but if you kill all of the slimes first then all of the eyebats ( or vice versa ) , you will get more experience due to chaining . chaining does not time out , but it will reset whenever you kill a new kind of creature . in general , unless you have got adjacent rooms with the same creature type , you mostly want to ensure chaining within each room segment and not go out of your way to chain . you will get more than enough experience in this fashion . there are some exceptions to enemy chaining . these exceptions all are treated as the same as one other kind of enemy , but they cannot increment the chain count . they will cancel any chain that is not of their kind . note that while killing them can never increment your chain count for that enemy type , it will count as the first kill towards starting a chain . as such , you will want to kill one of these non-chaining enemies before killing the real enemies in order to maximize your chain potential , leaving the remaining to take advantage of your maxed chain . from the very beginning , one of the chest traps generates a ring of 8 blue slimes that spiral in and out . unlike the traps which simply spawn four normal blue slimes , this ring does not chain . starting in later dungeons , a lone rock-throwing gnoll may spawn as a line of 4 gnolls . only the original gnoll chains - the extra 3 gnolls do not chain . starting in later dungeons , certain kinds of ropers will summon a roper of the same color to appear in a room behind you . these summoned ropers do not chain .
i powerleveled my heroes with this guide . quick-level your " tower squire " solo on first map ( hard difficulty ) to 20 and then switch to ramparts- for leveling him to 60+ . and you can setup squire defence @ramparts and switch chars for leveling - its far more effective there . i tried to pwl huntress - without blocking its hard . and if you switch for squire blocking - why not use his deadlier towers
unfortunately , this campaign has some bugs in it . the way it is supposed to work is that the quest artifacts obtained in the first scenario allow you obtain different quest artifacts in the second scenario . this second set of quest artifacts ( specifically , the speculum ) allow you to access other areas in the final scenarios . essentially you are given a bonus in later scenarios for taking the time to fully explore the early scenarios . however , every time i have played this campaign , i end up with exactly what you described - my hero always starts with 2 of one item ( though in my case it was the badge of courage ) and the pendant of life . and no matter what i do , when i obtain the speculum in the second scenario , it never moves on to the next scenario . my starting hero always has the exact same three artifacts . : (
most likely blacksmithing ( since you can use epic gems and get +100 intellect instead of +80 from other professions ) and tailoring ( for the on proc intellect or spirit cloak enchant ) . if you did not want to go with tailoring then likely the next choice would be jewelcrafting , as you can get +81 of a stat out of using jewelcrafting gems , rather than +80 from the other professions . keep in mind however , with mists of pandaria coming out before the end of the year this will soon change .
it is the middle mouse button , or f key .
you can find this information here - how tent storage works in dayz - scare bears clan . this answer is current as of version 1.7.2.3 ok so rule 1: in a tent every item counts as 1 slot . that means your m4a1 is 1 slot , a tire is 1 slot , a jerrycan is 1 slot , anything and everything is 1 slot when inside a tent . storage is broken down into 3 different categories , each one has it’s own amount of storage space . weapons and tools ( including nv goggles , binoculars , and side arms ) – 10 slots backpacks – 5 slots items – 50 slots so an example of a full tent would be : 5 akm’s , 2 binoculars , 2 m1911 pistols , 1 nv goggles . = 10 slots 5 alice packs . = 5 slots 10 tires , 5 jerrycans , 20 bloodbags , 5 stanag ammo , 10 raw meat . = 50 slots . so as you can see it doesn’t matter how many slots the item would take in your inventory , it only counts as 1 slot within the tent . if you attempt to place items into a full tent one of two things can happen . the item can drop on the floor near the tent or the item could disappear . so take care when placing items in the tent . my personal theory on items disappearing after placing in a full tent is — the items are placed under the tent or perhaps under the ground if your tent is on a hill .
flash fire is probably my favorite rune , and by far one of the highest dps primary attacks you can put on your witch doctor . although it seems like you are going to be doing less damage by using it , in fact i have found that i do far more with it . the limited radius of the standard skull explosion is dwarfed by the range on each individual bounce with flash fire . the casting speed and homing ability also mean that you are doing consistent damage to multiple enemies regardless of how they shift around the screen . the skull also bounces and homes in even if it hits nothing on the first bounce , so long as there is a target in range of the second bounce . you can , for instance , let your pets or follower tank a respectable distance away from you , and just arc the skull in their general direction to pile on the dps . the homing also makes it a " fire and forget " attack , so you can be paying attention to other , more important things , like getting out of the way of desecration/molten patches , or checking your skill cooldowns . it is essentially an attack that never misses ! as a lesser benefit , the skull will also target breakable objects , so getting " destruction " bonuses is trivial with this rune . when you are in the situation where there are more than 6 enemies in close proximity , or their health is very high , your firebomb attack is not your best bet . switch to a mana draining area of effect attack like zombie charger or fire bats , and you can do far more dps in far less time .
i have several other ubisoft games that use this very same drm , but not assassin 's creed 2 . here 's what happens in those other games when i lose internet connectivity . the game inexplicably freezes with no error message . after several moments ( i would guess about 1 - 2 minutes ) a message finally appears on the screen telling me that " ubisoft 's servers have become unreachable " . after another few seconds , if you still can not contact ubisoft 's servers , the game drops you to your windows desktop and all unsaved progress to that point is lost . to be clear , it does not have to be your internet connection that fails . it could also be a problem on ubisoft 's end , or anywhere in between . the game only cares about being able to contact ubisoft 's servers , it does not care whose fault it is . to be fair , i have played a lot of the latest settlers game and only been kicked out maybe five times . however , much like with the early days of steam , the first few days of actually owning settlers 7 i could not play it at all , because ubisoft 's drm servers were under heavy load and would not authenticate my game . i would not recommend buying a game with this type of drm , and had i known the games i bought had this drm , i would not have bought them . i will never buy a game with this type of drm again .
the 2 second settle time actually is accurate for deployed mode for marksman riffles . with the benefit of higher accuracy . also , full settle time for any weapon is not required unless you have been on the move for 5 seconds . this works linearly , so if you have been on the move for 1 second , you will only require 1/5th of the settle time , for 2 seconds , 2//5ths etc .
on insanity mode the ai actually seems stupider , and does not have much sense of self-preservation , though i would not call them actively suicidal . the ai will simply sit on an active grenade and let themselves die , they will ignore an enemy bum-rushing our cover . they do not seem to get that they are about to die . the ai also largely ignores their own powers ; i often have to manually order my squad to use powers on roit shield targets , which they often happily ignore . however , they are not suicidal in that they will not actively attempt to bum rush enemies and get themselves killed , but they seem very content to sit still and not use many powers or bullets . yes , micromanaging is often necessary to keep them alive , and yes , they are going to spend a lot of time " dead " if you do not play a very good game on insanity . but if you take charge in the battle and leave them behind they generally will not go out of their way to get killed .
you can only apply a poison to an equipped weapon : it'll tell you that if you try to use it without having a weapon equipped . and you can only apply poison to one of your weapons : if you try to re-apply a poison after applying it to one weapon , it'll say you can not do it . however if you un-equip the weapon in your right hand and equip the weapon that is in your left hand to the right you can then poison it and then equip both weapons with poison . you can , in fact , poison bows . just make sure to equip it before applying the poison . this affects the first arrow shot through the bow : after one shot , the poison on the bow goes away . as a corollary to this , you can not poison arrows : skyrim will complain that you do not have a weapon equipped if you try to use a poison with just arrows equipped . and as beatme notes , with the poisoned perk , you can reverse pickpocket marks to poison them stealthily . as long as the pickpocket is successful , this does not aggro the mark ; in many cases , it'll outright kill them .
yes . some puzzles require interactions in or knowledge from other rooms first . some require beating the game once ( to get a new feature in new game+ mode ) . some require checking the internet since there are no in-game clues .
there is a known glitch where goo puddles never disappear , it is possible this is the reason why you never see them despawn . most areas stay the way you left it for about 72 in-game hours . there are some exceptions , as noted on this forum post . generally it seems that outside areas that have random encounters respawn , whereas inside areas do not . have a look at this power leveling guide - it provides a list of many areas where enemies respawn . if you want enemies to respawn quickly , you will need to sleep or wait for 72 hours in-game .
based on my research , no . there is no mention in the diablo 3 game guide , or the diablo 3 auction house faq , of any keyboard shortcut . moreover , there no other mentions of shortcuts in the general research i have done . hopefully , this will be added in the future .
magikarp should evolve at level 20 . possible reasons why yours did not : it is holding an everstone you pressed b accidentally and stopped its evolution there is a bug in pokemmo try taking the item from it ( does pokemmo have items ? ) and levelling it up again . if that fails , report it as a bug on the pokemmo forums .
try to backup memory . xml in stonesence folder and replace its content with http://pastebin.com/8kg1ankb
i can not tell you what the chances for a critical capture are , except that i read somewhere that it is " about the same as a critical hit . " based on what i have seen , that seems about right , but it is hardly exact . what i can tell you , however , are the mechanics behind how captures work and how the mechanics of a critical capture work . essentially , there is some calculation that is performed 4 times . it can result in either a success or failure , which is depending on many factors , including the pokeball you used , the status condition of the pokemon you are targeting , its hp , capture rate , etc . for each success the calculation yields , the ball tilts one time . if all 4 succeed , then you catch the pokemon . for a critical capture , the calculation is performed only once . if that one is a success , you capture the pokemon . if not , it escapes . it is that simple . disclaimer : i do not remember where i initially found this information .
breaking flaming lasso requires either batrider or the victim to travel at a speed faster than 500 unit per 0.05 sec . the distance does not matter as long as you break that speed limit . exemple : if you use lasso one someone and the vengeful spirit next to him uses nether swap on him , the lasso will break since swap is a pseudo blink and thus the swapped unit gets a really fast travel speed same would apply with relocate ( wisp ) , glimpse ( disruptor ) , recall ( keeper of the light ) , test of faith ( chen ) or any ability that would induce a travel time faster than 500 unit in 0.05sec . in a similar fashion , if batrider uses blink dagger , the lasso breaks . forcestaff pushes a unit forward at the speed of 600 unit in 0.4 sec which is way too slow compared to the speed required to break lasso ( 500units/0.05sec ) . so by forcestaffing , batrider should never break its lasso . as for your second interrogation , the damage of firefly is dealt per second ( at max level 80 per second ) . a " tick " of damage is applied every second and to this number is added a bonus for every sticky nappalm stacks on your victim . exemple : if you have 2 level 4 stack you will apply 80 + 2*25 = 130 damage per second with firefly . if you have 3 level 1 stack you will apply 80 + 3*10 = 110 damage per second with firefly .
competitive players do not drop cs , generally . on offense , a competitive player will time his aggressive pushes with two things in mind . firstly , he does not want to miss out on his own cs . that is the most important thing . secondly , he wants to try to push his opponent out of lane when his opponent should be taking his cs , so that the opponent misses creeps . on defense , a competitive player will be trying to make sure they are in as safe a position as possible when the creep wave is coming , so that they do not miss out on cs . the combination of these things does tend to make for lanes where both sides are essentially freefarming each other for long stretches , with occasional bursts of intense action . professional mid laners and adcs tend to average around 100 cs per 10 minutes , while top laners will get slightly less possibly due to roaming or due to the nature of their champion not being well-equipped to take every creep . edit :
the original final fantasy game for ios is a universal app designed for both the iphone and ipad . this game has not been optimized for the small iphone screen , making the text seem very small ( however fine on ipad ) . as you said , you are happy with the font size on final fantasy iii . in the description for final fantasy iii ( on itunes ) it mentions that it has been optimized for the 4 inch ( iphone ) display . optimized for the 4-inch retina display . this is why you have no had a problem with this particular game . there is no mention of optimization for the original final fantasy game , therefore making it " unplayable " . there is no way to change the font size in this game . if you have an ipad i would play it on that , otherwise there does not seem to be a solution to this problem .
a flaccid grab is when you are at the opposing team 's base , and their flag is available to capture . you see the opponent 's flag carrier coming , ready to capture . you grab the opponent 's flag and make your way back to your own base . this is a bad idea , because if you are popped on the way to your base , the opponent gets a free capture . instead , you should try to pop the enemy fc before capturing the flag yourself .
buy an exploration frigate ( heron , probe , magnate and imicus ) and start scanning down sites in high-sec . while they are not very good at combat , relic and data sites no longer have any enemy npcs in them , so you do not need any combat capabilites . and in the very beginning , the bonus to scanning should be very helpful when your scanning skills are still low and you do not have much experience with scanning . later on you should be able to scan high-sec sites in a ship without a scanning bonus . you probably can not run any ded complexes in an exploration frigate , but you should be able to run the data and relic sites easily . i would recommend to learn scanning with an exploration frigate , and if you find a site that is too difficult you can reship to a combat ship . once you are comfortable scanning and want to continue it , you probably want to change to either a combat ship , a sisters of eve ship like the stratios or a t3 cruiser . but for the beginning you should just try it out and scan some sites , and do not be too disappointed if you only find wormholes in the beginning ( do not go through them ) .
secret mission 01: gate crasher ( stage 1 ) awarded for smashing all of the chandeliers in guppy 's mansion secret mission 02: anti-omelette ( stage 2 ) awarded for not breaking any of the eggs in the lava caves secret mission 03: lil ' mama ( stage 3 ) awarded for not tripping any of the lasers in the high security complex secret mission 04: speed demon ( stage 4 ) this achievement appears to be awarded for completing the level under a certain time . the exact length of time is not currently known . secret mission 05: preferred polarity ( stage 5 ) i got this one by not killing any enemies in the first segment of the top secret lab , but the icon seems to indicate that all you need to do is avoid killing any red ones . secret mission 06: clean shoes ( stage 6 ) awarded for not landing on any of the membrane inside the dragon secret mission 07: perfect pacifist ( stage 7 ) awarded for reaching the top of the hall of heroes without killing any enemies or taking damage
dig a new 1x1 shaft all the way down from the surface , with a hatch cover ; then designate a dump zone next to the shaft and mark all the goblinite for dumping . you can drop a crystal flute a hundred z-levels and it will be none the worse for wear . just make sure to build that hatch , as the goblins may not survive the journey , but a giant eagle will . if you do this , make sure the shaft ends away from a route dwarves are likely to take , preferably in a 1x1 room behind a door , and make sure you do not unforbid the dumped items before the last one has landed , you do not want your haulers ' brains to be introduced to high-velocity copper swords . having that equipment gathered inside bins in a stockpile and then having another stockpile take these bins is the second best option ( you will need to remove the take designation until the stockpile is full of binned items , though ) , but it is still significantly slower and requires more effort than just bulk dump designations . running minecart tracks between the two stockpiles might save you a lot of dwarf-hours , but will cost quite a bit in man-hours due to having to build tracks on every z level separately .
after doing some digging : http://www.xbox360achievements.org/forum/showthread.php?t=386051 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/615803-/63954526 it turns out the glitch is caused by completing the Dark Brotherhood quest - Kill Helvard . apparently , the Jarl of Falkreath knows you killed helvard ( even if you are sneaky about it ) . in fact , i killed helvard when he was taking a nap , so helvard certainly did not see it coming . anyway , after killing the jarl 's housecarl , siddgeir 's disposition is lowered significantly . since i am already thane in falkreath , there is no way to raise his disposition , unless i was playing the game on pc . however , i fortunately found a solution ! if you have not completed any of the legion/stormcloak quests , then make sure to do the following : side with the stormcloaks so Dengeir replaces Siddgeir as jarl . talk with jarl dengeir ( he will ask you to become thane again ) talk with Tekla , the newly appointed steward , and she will give you the option to buy land i really hope this helps someone in the future !
it seems that this is no longer a problem , as the author of blocklauncher pro has released an update today fixing the fatal error . happy minecrafting !
if you play on pc i would try the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks &lt;stage&gt; where &lt;stage&gt; is either 0 , 10 , 15 , 170 , 200 , 250 or 255 . i cannot tell you which one , but i can tell you that 0 would set the quest as ' not interacted with yet ' and 10 is the stage where you are asked to bring the book . so 0 should remove the quest from the log but would re-enable you to do the quest . therefore i recommend trying maybe even 100 , which used to be the standard quest completed stage . edit : setting the quest 's stage to 200 worked for kotekzot . this has been done with the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks 200
first , initial rush survival spinecrawlers and properly microed speedlings and roaches can really help in pushing back this initial rush . force the ai to funnel up the ramp and place the spinecrawlers behind gas and/or an evo chamber . if you scout it early , set your speedlings outside your base so when they attack you get an easy flank . use multiple queens with transfusion to keep everything going . remember you can use them even on your spinecrawlers . in regards to what t3 units complement a hydra-heavy build ? i think there is a fair amount of discussion about this but i personally find a lot of use with broodlords . a tier 3 unit , which is very powerful at wiping a ground army . i prefer to use them in team games as well . excellent base assualt as well as support . edit : in a recent match between idra and drewbie ( ? ) , idra tech switched from ultra to broodlord and ended up finishing the matched . had he switched earlier , it is speculated that he would have much sooner . more power to the broodies !
i found party composition to be a major major issue with fighting cid . i tried it at first with hope , vanille and lightning and cid mopped the floor with me . i tried again with lighting , fang and sazh and had much better luck . standard assault paradigm with com/rav/rav , but be sure to have a medical paradigm to heal , and be sure to make use of fang 's saboteur skills and sazh 's synergist skills . those alone should make the fight super easy . i beat him in like ( seriously ) less than 7 minutes . suggested paradigms are : l-lightning , f-fang , s-sazh l-rav f-com s-rav :: l-med f-sab s-syn :: l-med f-sen s-syn those three are paramount , everything else is gravy . if you have given sazh any medic skills a fourth paradigm with l and s as medics and f as a sentinel would be helpful for those oh * * ! moments .
you have to start a new game . developer notes : three years , 7 month and 18 days after the release of gothic 3 , the community patch team released the definitly last version of the community patch for the game . again this patch contains several improvements , which can be looked up in the change log . savegames made with patch version 1.7x are compatible with the cp 1.74 . older savegames ( 1.60 or earlier ) are not compatible . please take a look at the download description for more information .
rebuilding the town means that you are erasing the game data and starting fresh . unfortunately there is no way to rename you town . transferring your wild world ( ds ) character to city folk ( wii ) will only keep the catalog and hairstyle of the character . items and money are not transfered .
so you do not want to build colossus . . . how do you feel about 4 gating ? because you could just 4 gate all-in your way to masters . actually judging by the latest ogsmc vs white-ra , you could just 4 gate your way through the gsl this question comes from a very weird place : " i dislike playing colossi . " playing a lot of protoss myself this is a very strange statement , since i love playing colossi . they are fun to micro , they wipe out ridiculous 4 gate/3 rax play , and they make most zergs look like idiots . but then i read a little further in to your answer and i see this : " game into [ a certain ] meta-game " so you do not dislike playing them , you dislike having to baby sit them . i can empathize with that . i also dislike having to babysit my expensive high tier units . i think the problem here is not that you are building colossus its when you are building colossus . i am going to guess your bo looks something like : 3 gate pressure expand add on a robo and more gateways colossus this is a very common bo for many protoss : 3 gate expand into colossus . but it is not the only one . you could , for example do 3 gate expand into blink stalkers , or dt , or double starport . there are a verity of builds that can come out of a standard 3 gate expand ( or even the more risky 1 gate expand ) . so let 's talk about those , and how you can use those . lately i have been watching adelscott ( vs immvp , or qxc ) and he runs a very aggressive 3 gate expand into . . . more gateways . this seems kind of weird at first , as most protoss naturally evolve from there into colossus , but actually protoss gateway units can be fairly beefy in their own right . one of the keys to this long term , gateway based play , is upgrades . its not usual for a player like adelscott ( or liquid`nony ) to go double forge off two base to get as many upgrades as possible . this usually sticks them in a situation where they are up 2/0/2 to an opponents 1/0 or 1/1 . one of the big benefits of having an upgrade advantage is that zealots become extremely powerful when you have that advantage . i have seen pure zealot forces eat through marine/marauder balls , just because they were up 2 armor upgrades . the other key item for your gateway forces is the twilight council . i remember when liquid`nazgaul first demonstrated how abusive blink stalkers could be against egidra in a show match . blink stalkers are an extremely powerful force , and most players will now work them into whatever build they are going . what many people forget though , is that charge is just as powerful an upgrade . in addition to functioning as a gap closer ( and a free hit since patch 1.3 ) , charge is also a speed boost to normal zealot movement ( from 2.25-> 2.75 a 22% increase ) . this makes zealots a viable harassment option for unguarded expansions . while often dismissed , you can see how transitioning into 10 gateways off 3 base can make a very fearsome force , but that is not all it allows you to do . with the high number of gateways now , you can start supplementing your armies with dt . a very aggressive unit , dark templar can be used for mid-game harassment just as well as banshees . a simple pylon near your opponent 's cliff + observer means you can start warping in dt to their back door . speaking of observers ( which by the time you get 3 bases you should get a robo ) , do you know what else builds out of the robotics facility ( and is awesome ) ? dropships ! that is right , that old unit which was life changing back in broodwars because you could drop 4 zealots on someone 's mineral line . well , its still around . only they upgraded it and changed its name to warp prism ; but who cares about that , they also let you warp in reinforcements ! its like they took a bw unit , made it a billion times better , and everyone ignored it . what is up with that ? well ignore them , drop stuff . you know how dropships make terran annoying as sin ? well start dropping back on them . see how they like it , and when they do not make sure to take the time to lolz . and sure , when you hit late game you can always throw down a few colossus for old times sake , but chances are you will not get there because you will be too busy winning . ps , you can also go stargates , get 1 voidray , then 4-5 phoenix , and annoy the heck out of people , dominate the air , so when you finally transition colossus , his corruptors/vikings will be outnumbered . just a thought . . .
this map an unusual one . it starts with a lot of rat holes around your town , so you first have to defend from them . follow this advices : do not build towers right at the start , they will get destroyed before they get completed , it should not be the first step in the game ( unless you have a great tactic in your mind ) . recruit strong heroes , not rogues , and not only archers and clerics , you will need tough units at the very beginning . i will go with 3 warriors first , and some archers to have them leveled for future exploring . when you have 3-4 heroes at least at level 2 , recruit 3 rogues . do not upgrade any building yet , you will need the money for the towers . when a few heroes gain level 3 , build 2 or 3 towers , and place them between the most amount of rat holes possible . upgrade the towers as soon as you can ! , they are the perfect defense for this map . i usually place buildings aside/behind the towers , near the town center . as game advances and basic towers get more expensive , focus on dwarf towers , but you should go with 4-5 upgraded towers unless game extends in time . construct/upgrade your blacksmith and market as soon as you see that heroes have earned money enough to buy stuff : build market/forge where heroes have 50-100 gold , go for market 's healing potion at first , then construct the blacksmith . upgrade market and go for the protection ring when they own 100-200 gold . this will bring you money enough to make expensive building upgrades like level 2 castle , upgraded blacksmith or dwarf towers . some heroes start with a few coins , and will go straight for healing potions or a cool weapon . do not buy mage/cleric equipments in the blacksmith if you have not recruited those units . also , do not upgrade their equipment to level 2 if they do not own money enough . it will be a waste of money . . . start exploring by creating 200-300 gold explore flags , find and attack dens as soon as you resist the rat hordes easily . this is extremely important if you do not want to drown in future ranging hordes of big rats and skeletons and maybe a few bearman . ( try not attacking the bearman den until map is almost cleared , they can kill some level 2 heroes with just one magic shot ) . when building trading posts , try clearing the surrounding area of patrolling monsters and nearby dens before doing it , and immediately upgrade them ! trading posts have some arrows at their level 2 to self-defense . if you can not clear the area around them , give 200-300 defense flag reward instantly to attract 1 or 2 heroes before the constructor peasant arrives and finishes it . you can remove the flag when completed . create parties to protect recently recruited heroes . parties walk/attack/defend as a whole through the map . i.e. to protect low level mages which are extremely easy to kill if alone or attacked from the rearguard , and too expensive to recruit/resurrect . heal your own heroes ( with healing spell ) when the game advances , watch 1-5 level mages specially , even if you purchased their whole building spells before recruiting them . mages tend to think they are strong enough when alone , but they are almost the weakest unit in game at low levels , thus they get killed frequently . before going for the caravan escort mission , upgrade everything in every building , even in the fancy market , every hero spell/ability/potion will be helpful to weaken and beat the rat king . also explore the map borders , some dens are greatly hidden and will give you some extra levels to your dwarfs , elves or mages . finally , when you attack the rat king , remember to use the healing spell on wounded units , otherwise you may lose valuable heroes for future maps . do not try to find the wounded heroes on the map , do it by clicking directly on the right top screen portraits and selecting the most wounded unit . it is good to know that your frosting and lighting spells will not work at all against the rat king . also , you can watch these videos from people finishing it , they helped me a lot ! for the rest of maps , the best advices for starting a map are . . . attack , explore , upgrade . do not focus on defense for a regular map . be a little more aggressive at this game ( majesty 2 ) than you usually are in others . attack , attack , attack ! start with the nearest enemies , do it as fast as possible , so every starting unit gets leveled as soon as possible and get some gold rewards . only stop attacking on exceptional cases , while defending your castle , market or similar . explore at the same time you are attacking , with two or three archers at first , spend money if you need so , they will give you very valuable information of your next possible enemies , and map in general . do not spend much money on towers at the beginning , just to cover your back . let units hold frontal town attacks , focus first on toughest enemies ( with gold rewards ) . if you find vampire yards , or other really hard units , erase them form the map before they start producing large amounts of unstoppable units . upgrade , do not forget it . you may have built enough units that leveled fast , but if you did not upgrade your blacksmith and market , you will be getting money slowly , thus not letting your units get better stuff as game advances , leading to a terrible defeat . keep them in mind , focusing your economy on the money coming from heroes buying items is almost essential at the late beginning . i think that , with a bunch of heroes still alive , it is better to upgrade your marketplace than resurrecting a level 10 warrior .
i can confirm that embarked land units do get an extra two movements under elizabeth 's special ability . i just tested it in two saved games , one with elizabeth and one with augustus . an embarked land unit in the elizabeth saved game had six moves , but augustus ' unit only had four . both had astronomy ( +1 embarked movement , embarked units can move over ocean ) and steam power ( +1 embarked movement ) .
yes , you could do that . returning a card to your hand does not change the wording on a card , so a minion with charge could attack twice in a round , at the cost of the mana required to summon that card twice . however , as you have noted , it might not be the most efficient strategy , but if you absolutely need to do 2 damage and you have a stonetusk boar in your hand . . .
tanks are required late game if the battlefield has devolved into a static battle around fixed emplacements . it is very difficult for infantry to advance into machine-gun fire , and halftracks/light vehicles get nearly one-shotted by the relevant anti-tank defenses . what you need to do is bring tanks and destroy the enemy emplacements , and try to use indirect fire to suppress/remove enemy at fire . once you have broken a hole in the defenses , you can then flood your infantry into the gap to cover/protect your tank . also , an early panzer iv in rapid-fire mode is absolutely devastating against enemy infantry , even their at stuff . so if you can rush to a tank like that before the enemy gets his at guns in position , you can force an early win .
you probably can not see it at the point of the game you are at . spoiler alert : it is probably in the swirling hurricane area that you can not see through on your map . you will be able to enter this area when you get to the songs / lighthouse segment of the game . once you enter this area , any goddess chests you have will show up on your map . either that , or perhaps it is in skyloft . check your map once you land inside skyloft .
the amount of times you will need to use the machine varies a lot . i have received the bag on the first attempt multiple times , but i have also once had to use the machine 32 times before the bag finally appeared . most of the time it is worth it to at least give it a go , as you will generally find it around 8 attempts , which will fully heal the hearts you spent . the only time i do not go for the bag is if i am already low on hearts and i think i am going to need them . also , another note , it is generally worth it to give it at least 2-4 attempts because even if you do not get the bag , you can blow up the machine and possibly get a heart or two . in the wrath of the lamb dlc , the blood bank is definitely a harder choice on whether to use it or not , as now instead of getting the blood bag , you will sometimes get the portable iv bag , which is not so good . now it is best to just use it if there are spare hearts lying around the level that you can pick up , or you need the extra money .
make an army , which means dogs , fetish and that big dude , use vision quest , combined with zombie bears , and spirit walk with more duration . while getting an army that wil strike the immune foes you will have 3 cooldown , use zombie wall or grasp of hands to slow the immune foes . the you will get 4 cooldowns . use spirit walk and attack the boss with full load of bears , you can also do the same but instead of using spirit walk at the bigning , attack the boss untill it unjured , then use spirit walk and countinue attacking . for boosting this mathod u can use big bad voodo
for one thing , as you have noticed , all monsters will do a full heart of damage , even those that did less in previous dungeons ( unless you have the wafer , which grants damage resistance ) . this applies to blood donation machines as well . some special rooms ( the shop , and the item room ) are not present here , but you can still get arcades and gauntlet rooms . the secret room can also contain an arcade machine . the womb is also the first area to have bosses from previous dungeons in regular rooms .
if you are talking about black and white , then you need to go to your trainer card and click on the bottom of the card , where it shoud say something like : " hello , i am trainer . i am pleased to meet you ! " from there , you can change the words and phrases of what you want to say . to use the moving greetings , look at the ones titled " special . " if it is not special , then it is somewhere on the lower left of the screen . hope this helps .
yes it is possible to dodge under certain attacks by ducking . this is most useful against horizontal attacks , which have little vertical coverage and tends to be aimed higher . note this does not mean that horizontal attacks will always miss , a properly angled attack will still hit a crouching opponent . you can further reduce your vertical hitbox by looking down while ducking , this will cause your character 's head to bend downwards .
come at it from the original direction ( not from the back as you are trying to do ) . you need to backtrack about one doublejump levitate leap to get to the higher shelf . once you are up there , proceed to the vertical vine . there is a vine hanging across that you can swing on . orient facing before the jump - double jump to reduce lateral motion - try many times . this fellow manages to do it :
most probably you misplaced it yourself . there are no issues reporting disappearing enderchests at all from the community . that leaves two options : most likely , you messed up . less likely , you found a new bug and you should try to recreate it and report this issue as a bug . anyway , once you made your first enderchest it is a cakewalk to make multiples of these . you did not report you lost items and i think this is highly unlikely , so why not just craft a new chest and place it again ? this would solve your current problem .
we have both a us gold account and a european ( dutch , specifically ) silver account on our machine . on the european silver account , the situation is indeed as you have stated , with the only available apps being the zune app . the difference in app availability is because your account is based in sweden . if you check major nelson 's blog , you can find the following : dec . 6th : epix - united states espn on xbox live - united states hulu - japan hulu plus - united states lovefilm - united kingdom netflix - canada and united states premium play by ( mediaset ) - italy sky go ( skyde ) - germany telefónica españa ( movistar imagenio ) - spain today ( msnbc ) - united states live television on xbox 360 with bing search support as you can see , none of these changes currently include sweden . however , some of the planned updates later in december will include sweden , such as : muzu . tv mlb . tv ( mlb advanced media ) there are a couple features which only list that they will be available in several countries , not specifying which ones , including : dailymotion - available in 32 countries globally youtube - available in 24 countries globally neither major nelson 's blog nor the accompanying official press release from microsoft specify which countries are included . i assume sweden is included , but you will have to keep an eye out for yourself .
the combos always consist of the same sequence of the same two buttons ( for xbox or pc with an xbox controller , those buttons are X and Y ) . the only thing you can customize is what each hit in the combo does . your choices are deal extra damage ( and break enemy 's block ) , heal , or reduce cooldown on special abilities . you can only place an X in an X spot and a Y in a Y spot . the further into the combo the pressen is , the more damage/health/cooldown you will gain . there is a fourth type of pressen - chain combos . these pressens just amplify the effect of the previous pressen in the combo , moreso than another pressen of that same type would . i would recommend filling each combo with only one type of pressen ( + chains ) , so that you can easily heal when you need to heal , reduce cooldown when you need to , and deal lots of damage when you need to .
if you want to play a paladin , i do not see why it makes sense to spend the huge amount of time to try to create a barbarian with max magic find to get equipment for him . until you are near max level with your paladin , you would almost certainly increase in power faster by playing your paladin and using whatever gear drops for him , than by playing the barbarian and passing the equipment over to your paladin . think of it this way . let 's say that you want to get some great level 70 gear for your paladin ( gear is a lot less important at lower levels , so it is unlikely that you need to worry about that ) . i do not recall how long it takes to level up characters , but let us say that it normally takes 40 hours to level a character to 70 . so you spend 40 hours leveling your barbarian , and now you spend 10 hours doing mf runs with him to get stuff for your paladin . now you need to start leveling your paladin . you got some cool gear to pass him , so now it only takes you 25 hours to level him up . so at the end of 75 hours , you have a level 70 paladin with some nice gear . but if you had spent all 75 hours on your paladin , he would probably be level 90 , and probably have much better gear as well ( simply by having spent more time fighting high level enemies ) . that sort of strategy only seems to make sense if you want to gear up a lot of characters and so you can recoup all the time spent getting your barbarian up to a high enough level over multiple other characters .
my desktop runs a 1gib 9800gt , and the wei score is given as 6.8 ( for what it is worth ) for gaming and normal graphics . hdd is 5.9 , while the others are all above the gfx rating . i am running civ5 at 1920x1080 , 2xmsaa and everything on high - the frame rate is generally acceptable ( although remember that " acceptable " here is highly subjective ) , although it does take the ai players quite a while to all turn as you move towards then end of a game on a huge map . note that the recommended spec also includes a quad core cpu and 4gb ram , which should also be taken in to consideration if you do purchase a new laptop . in response to comments on badp 's answer : when you tried the demo on your laptop , did you do so with the ac connected / power options appropriated configured ? sorry if this is obvious to you , but some people forget that when not on mains most of the system is tuned down quite a lot to converse battery .
it looks like i fixed it . the problem seems to have been the file Half-Life\valve\resource\GameMenu.res which got overwritten ( probably a bug ) in some way . reinstalling the default GameMenu.res fixed the problem .
there are several important reasons to consider using the culture slider : happiness do you want your cities to grow larger ? culture adds one happiness to each city for each tick used , by itself . if you have any other buildings that use it , theater ( cheap ! ) , colosseum , broadcast tower , then you get one more/tick . i generally recommend leaving culture on at least one tick after you get the option , the first bit of happiness is very cheap , and uses your buildings to their fullest . cultural border expansion each tick adds some culture to every city , this means your brand new cities ( or pre-owned cities ; ) ) start producing culture immediately , and grow to the important 20 squares within a few turns . if you are not playing a creative leader , this is also a reason i would recommend at least one tick of culture . cultural victory ! if you are headed for this , near the end you will probably be best off turning culture up as high as you can . in short , i recommend : use at least one tick of culture , use the rest to manage happiness .
there are multiple reasons for buildcraft pipes to be " gummed up " the main one being chunks in the pipe system unload . the solution would be use chunk loaders , or pipe into an ender chest/item tesseract . another possible cause is that the pipes have nowhere to go , in build craft it will usually spit the item at the ground if it cannot find a destination , but sometimes if the network is elaborate it will indefinitely loop and clog the system . i should also point out that gold pipes no longer need to be powered , by default they speed items up ( but you need to use at least 2 to achieve speed . powering them will slow items down , so this could be a cause as well . having many golden pipes powered will congest a system . do not log out and leave the quarry running unless it is properly chunk loaded .
check out this post . this guy 's comment is useful : there are 109 five star equippable items in the game , not counting trinkets . basil can have a recipe for nearly any of them , though there are a few that he does not carry . if he has five five star items in a typical tier 3 run , then your odds of finding the item you are looking for are around 5% . that is why it takes a while to find it . basil rerolls what he has every time you get there in a separate group . you could write down what he has from one run to the next if you like . it is mostly different stuff each time , even if it is not the item you are after . if you are in a hurry , try the auction house .
the first picture is an nei bug . i would try reinstalling nei and the nei plugins to fix that . the ic2 wiki is out of date as well . replace the gold cables with copper cables and you should be set :
you can not earn prestige after all of the missions are completed , that is the only way to earn prestige in darkville without purchasing prestige with real cash or " q points " . hope this helps !
yes it can damage a player . also , a little trivia from the wiki , when it does kill a player , no kill icon shows up . regardless , it does such a small amount of damage that it is not worth getting over an he grenade . he is a lot more potent and can damage enemies in a bigger radius , while the decoy 's radius is slightly smaller and less potent . one very critical thing to mention . the " fuse " times for the decoy is substantially longer than an he grenade . if you want to really " damage " someone with a decoy , you are going to have to do so sneakily ( remember , decoys also present a " enemy " indicator on the map ) , like in a corner or so . basically , it is going to need super timing , and even then , the damage is nearly negligible ( unless the enemy ( ies ) are at &lt ; 10ish hp
basically , you want to brace your goo structure against the platform you start on . build as close to the gears as you can without the swaying of the structure pushing itself into them . the last bit as you reach the top platform is timing ; you have to wait to the platform to spring back into the position you want to . it is hard to express it in words , so here 's a good video illustrating what you should do .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
test range is an offline component ( as stated here ) so there is no multiplayer support .
the full list of mob attributes ( including horse-specific attributes ) can be found on the wiki . for your particular example , you need ' variant ' and ' health ' , e.g. : {variant:515 , health:28 , attributes : [ {name:generic . maxhealth , base:28} ] , tame:1 , saddle:true} health is current number of half-hearts . the maxhealth attribute is the max number of half-hearts . variant is calculated as base-color-id + markings-id * 256 , that is , 515 = 2 * 256 + 3 means base-color-id = 3 and markings-id = 2
it is not necessary . although the minimum amount you can add to the steam wallet is $5/5€ , the remaining money past the purchase price will stay in your steam wallet . you can use it as part of the payment the next time you buy a game from steam .
looks like it might be a gradual change from not freezing at 122 to freezing pretty quickly at 127 or so . in the image , the large pool on the right is at 123 , then they step upwards to the left up to 127 at the far left . at the lower right , the pools are at 122 , 121 , and 120 . they have no ice , and the ones i made most recently , the highest ones , froze over the most quickly . just realized your question was mostly about snowfall ; this will occur at the same height that water freezes at . edit : after over an hour , this is how much has frozen . i recommend building ice trays and the like starting at block 130 or so , just to make sure you get quick and complete freezing .
there is a final boss in every public dungeon , once you kill this boss you get a skill point . i believe each final boss in public dungeons have an achievement associated with them , if you are concerned about keeping track of them . the two achievements i have arrows to are prime examples of achievements that track the defeat of final bosses in public dungeons . i have broken them down to the easiest most comprehensive form possible . zone , name of dungeon , person/persons you have to kill or event you have to complete for skillpoint . ebonheart pact - stonefalls , crow 's wood -- destroy the south wraiths to summon ghyslain and then slay him . - deshaan , forgotten crypts -- eradicate the kwama infestation and kill the kwama guardians . - shadowfen , sanguine 's demesne -- kill fight-master grel and his adepts . - eastmarch , hall of the dead -- defeat reynir the destroyer and his minions . - the rift , lion 's den -- kill the lonely giant and his angry mammoths . daggerfall covenant - glenumbra , bad man 's hallow -- slay the giant snake mother - stormhaven , bonesnap ruins -- slay the eternal one - rivenspire , obsidian scar -- slay zilbash the deciever . - alik'r desert , lost city of the na-totambu -- solve the puzzle of the guardians . - bangkorai , razak 's wheel -- defeat the flesh atronach . aldmeri dominion - auridon , toothmaul gully -- destroy bloodroot and its guardians . - grahtwood , root sunder ruins -- complete the root sunder ruins group event - greenshade , rulanyil 's fall -- defeat the undead hordes of hergor the fallen . - malabal tor , crimson cove -- kill flat tooth and his boys - reaper 's march , the vile manse -- defeat the damned creations of graccus ' frost experiments . coldharbour village of the lost -- defeat zatalguch in its subterranean lair . 16 in total .
i think this is a hardware problem not a software one so calibration in windows is not going to help . the button is most probably going bad . you should be able to fix it by opening up the controller and cleaning with a brush behind the rt button . the only problem with opening the controller though is that the assembly is delicate and there is a chance you might pull a small wire and the entire controller will stop working . there are tutorials and video available online on opening the controller properly . do either that , or buy a new controller .
as of a recent beta patch , runes are no longer items that are dropped . instead they are basically skill modifiers that are unlocked as you level up . each time you level up , you will unlock new skills and/or rune choices that affect your existing skills . you choose a certain number of skills , and a corresponding rune for each , to equip as your skill set . each skill can have up to 6 different rune versions of it , but you must select which one you want to have equipped at any time . there are no longer different levels of rune abilities , it is simply a matter of having it unlocked or not .
guessing you are talking about the mega dragon . i will refer you to this thread : http://www.abandonia.com/vbullet/showthread.php?p=288395 where they cover most of the strategies to use .
if your missionary strength is to low , you can not convert a province and it will say : " with this speed we will never convert them " and most likely " making 0.0% progress a month due to " . have you looked a the religion icon in the province menu ? if you hover over it , it will give all positive and negative bonuses
from the mods steam page : *to be added* exterior - worker accomodation , proper mine , npc 's interior - more npc 's , decoration fixes , misc navmeshing misc : scripting , navmeshing , quests , story , etc . so it looks like more npcs are coming in time .
turns out the computer had two profile folders ; one had hung around from a previous install . despite the errors about Failed on chmod action listing the new profile folder , it seems steam was looking in the library of the old profile folder for the appropriate data . deleting that user , then deleting local content and reinstalling from steam cloud fixed the problem .
yes , i just tested it yesterday . if a trevenant holds a kee berry , and is hit with a physical move , the berry will activate after the move hit and if harvest activates , the kee berry will be restored . consequently , after the next physical hit , trevenant will again have its berry activated ( thus the next stat raised to now is 2 level ) . i did not test for maranga , but there is no reason why it should not work similarly .
what i did was to build an artificial meteor biome using 50 blocks of meteor ore inside the underground corruption and hallow . by the time you have reached hard mode you should be able to one hit kill the meteor heads . within 10 minutes in each biome i was able to get all the light/dark souls i would need to make every end game item . i have not yet tried using statues and a lava film to farm souls , but considering that spawned mobs do not drop cash i suspect it possibly will not work . however , a corrupt bunny/fish spawner placed inside of the underground hallow/corruption should work just fine , netting you both the massive cash and a ton of souls .
i do not think a ' deleted ' object can be restored ( unlike a ' disabled ' object ) . from http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim_talk:console#undo_markfordelete.3f : there is no way to create a reversal for the markfordelete command that i have found in my research . i have not found a way to reverse this command once it is entered as it creates a permanent flag on the item to never render it or allow scripts to run for/including it , and it does not seem to be a toggle type command that can be turned on or off . the best way to think of the console is that it is the " master script " for the game that you are live editing when you enter a command : that is why all of the warnings on using the console for anything . this is no help to you , i know : i hope it is a warning to others though a thread in the skyrim steam forum seems to suggest the same thing . in the same thread , though , a user suggested to use the resetinterior console command ( resets an entire cell ) while outside the cell , to try the restore the deleted object in the cell . i am not sure if this will have negative effects ( although i assume it will ) .
first off , always check the manual or with the manufacturer before you clean a device - you do not want to void your warranty or ruin anything that is particularly special about the device . that said , i would suggest a hard surface cleaner ( ie , pledge for electronics or similar ) or a mild glass cleaner ( ie , like what you had buy to clean eyewear ) along with a microfiber cloth . you want to spray the cleaner on the cloth , and not on the device , to avoid getting the cleaner into the device . avoid anything that contains ammonia or acetone , or anything not really designed for hard surfaces - ( ie , bathroom cleaner , bleach , dish soap , etc ) as these are not really going to be appropriate . using paper towels or tissues is just going to leave lint behind .
if you gain access to paradise falls the normal way - through the quest to enslave a few npcs - then you get the chance to 1 ) recruit clover ( one of the slave girls you killed ) and 2 ) continue enslaving npcs ( with the mesmetron ) for caps . you also miss one or two minor sidequests , like giving the trader 10 chinese assault rifles to expand his stock and caps . but , beyond clover , you will miss out on nothing major and if you feel like not being an evil bastard and working for slavers then certainly feel free to kill them all . in most of my playthroughs i tended to sign up normally by enslaving the nutjob sniper who is hostile in the mined town north of germantown then i recruit clover , then i redeem myself by purging paradise falls : )
the best resource for locating resources in the game is zog 's glitchy tools . in addition to telling you where all the dirt piles are , it will also suggest the closest location to you to find some using the glitch api . kajuu , for instance , is absolutely buried in dirt .
seth is the name of the final boss of street fighter iv .
yes . ever since ruby and sapphire , if you knock out or flee from a legendary pokémon or ( starting in hgss ) a fixed-location pokémon like r36 's sudowoodo , the pokémon will reappear after the next time you defeat the elite four and champion ; if you defeat them again , they will reappear again after you enter the hall of fame once more , and so on until you finally capture them . in the case of the swords of justice ( cobalion , terrakion , and virizion ) in b2w2 , according to bulbapedia , they all reappear in the same location at a higher level : while they are all level 45 the first time you encounter them , if you do not catch them the first time , they go up to level 65 .
for the most part , infusing monsters is not really required . you can run through the game with stock monsters without any difficulty . it is there to provide an extra level of customization . i went through the whole game with a level ~40 red chocobo . these are late bloomers , so for the most part , his attack was around 200/250 . not very high at all . you will get different monsters as you play ; not necessarily better . each one has it is own unique skillset and abilities . my own experience shows that for the most part , aggression ( com , com , rav ) is enough for most of the game . only for the really strong monsters ( tonberries , steppe bosses , etc . ) do you really need to tweak your paradigms and the monsters .
after several days worth of research , using the items offered at the auction house as a guideline , i was able to determine that socketed items are generally available as low as level 15 . it does not seem to matter what item is in question ( armor , rings , weapons , etc ) - you must be level 15 to equip something that contains a socket .
in games > gift and guest passes you will see an " expiration " column . so yes i guess it can expires . https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?p_faqid=549#expire says : do gifts expire if they are not redeemed in a certain amount of time ? gifts will not expire once they have been issued . once the gift purchase has been activated , the game is permanently subscribed to the steam account that it was redeemed on .
if you are looking for something specific , you have to enchant a lot more books to get it than enchanting a specific tool , since there are more possibilities . if you enchant a book at level 30 , your chance of getting looting ii or iii is approximately . 02 ( 1 in 50 ) , and so you will have to enchant about 50 books before you get it . if you have xp and time to burn , this is the way to go as books can be made from easy farming . on the other hand , if you enchant a diamond sword at level 30 , you have a . 15 ( 1 in 7 ) chance of getting looting ii or iii . ( this should actually be even better because i am not working in the effect of multiple enchantments . ) thus , you will get it much sooner — but you will also get ( on average ) six swords that do not have looting on them . note that you can then recycle those swords by repair-crafting them with almost-used-up diamond swords . therefore , given that you say you want to spend diamonds rather than xp , you should definitely enchant swords . ( all numbers from minecraftenchantmentcalculator.com, which is a sloppy tool because it just does a simulation rather than calculating true probabilities , but it was handy and should be roughly correct )
now the answer for this question is yes ( with additional conditions though ) . latest system update ( september 30 , 2013 ) allows all wii games to be played on wii u gamepad controller , however original wii remote controller is required for games control . reference .
there are no penalties . the panic will not change , and that is all that matters . you will still get an a on your council report aswell . i have confirmed this on ironman impossible , as i choose to ignore a downed battleship , and there was no negative outcome .
there are a bunch of these maps around skyrim . they are basically marking the current territories of the stormcloaks vs . the imperial legion . as you progress in the civil war questline , these flags will change color as regions are captured . they are basically are a visual representation of who is " winning " the civil war .
the fortune shrine provides a 25% bonus to magic and gold find for the duration ( 2 minutes ) . you will see this in the message that appears on screen when you trigger the shrine .
gog . com dosbox games start the dosbox executable with some configs as parameters . you will have to do the same when adding the shortcuts to steam . first of all , pick your game . i will pick ultima underworld 1 because i have it installed . right click on the desktop shortcut generated by the installer ( if you do not have it on your desktop anymore , check the game 's installation folder , there is one there ; mine is called " launch ultima underworld 1" ) , and see its properties : the shortcut 's target is what matters to us . copy everything in there , and keep it for later . in my case , the full field looked like this : go to steam , click on Games in the top menu , then on Add a non-steam game to my library . once the game list window appears , click on browse . find the dosbox executable that is being used by your game . in my case this was at F:\GOG Games\Ultima Underworld 1 and 2\DOSBOX\DOSBox.exe . add that as a game . once done , find the game you added in your games list . right click on it , then click on Properties . you will see a Target field in the newly opened window , with the path to your dosbox . exe and nothing else . replace everything in that field with the original shortcut 's target that you copied before . after this your game should run normally when launched by steam .
well the inevitable happened , and somewhat as expected , anything collected while both pocket and box is full is just thrown away .
it is worth remembering that even after defeating izual in diablo ii , he was never really redeemed - in fact , he took the time to give some extra villainous speeches in spirit form . tyrael was a fool to have trusted me ! you see , it was i who told diablo and his brothers about the soulstones and how to corrupt them . it was i who helped the prime evils mastermind their exile to your world . the plan we set in motion so long ago cannot be stopped by any mortal agency . hell itself is poised to spill forth into your world like a tidal wave of blood and nightmares . you and all your kind . . . are doomed . further , we know that it is extremely difficult to get rid of an angel or demon 's spirit just by killing them - tyrael took a mere twenty years to reform his body after being caught up in the destruction of the worldstone , while our good friend diablo and company persistently refuse to stay down . though i do not believe it is fully explained how he returned to form - his original fall is mentioned in the act iv lore books , but i have not found one detailing his second fall if such a thing exists - it is certainly not outside the realm of possibility that at some point he returned to the great evils again , or that diablo specifically sought him out on his joyride to go smash up the high heavens .
not only is this unfortunately impossible with your current setup , it is impossible to reach a high overworld portal from the nether as of 1.2.4: as of the 1.2 update , there is a confirmed bug in which the " portal search " performed during travel back from the nether will not find any overworld portal above a height of 128 . thus , it is not possible to travel back to the overworld and land at a portal which is above y = 128 . from the minecraft wiki article . additionally , without mods , there is currently no way to move upwards without some sort of connecting structure , save perhaps a vertical tnt cannon , and it seems to me that you want something a bit more usable than that . now , in theory , once this bug is fixed , you could build a transport bridge a few blocks out in the nether and the same number of block multiplied by 8 in the overworld coordinated just so that the higher platform is closer to the new portal , but it would be complex to do . until then , you are stuck with regular transportation .
for anyone having trouble with this , the exact location is down the stairwell immediately to the right of the player marker . thanks to fredley 's answer and a little persistence , i was able to find it .
it is a " secret " killstreak ( 25 , excluding strike package kills , or 24 with hardline ) that is not bound to a specific strike package . it is similar to the tactical nuke in modern warfare 2 &mdash ; using it triggers a countdown , and a bomb drops . however , unlike the nuke , it " only " kills the entire enemy team ( as opposed to all players ) and disables their equipment and killstreaks for a bit . it does not end the match , though it awards double xp for the remainder of the match for the team that used it .
it is used for an achievement and in the other hand it is easter egg . Achievement: "Bashanishu - Hurt Bashiok using Rakanishu\u2019s Blade."  rakanishu 's blade is a easter egg from diablo 2 monster rakanishu . bashiok is a monster created after an blizzard employee bashiok .
actually , you may still skip entire acts . i am not sure what the update did in 1.0.2b regarding " . . . no longer skip entire acts in multiplayer " , but nothing stops you from joining a friend 's game as long as the game you are joining was created in a difficulty level that you have already unlocked . to date the latest patch is 1.0.5b . to get your friend to nightmare your friend needs to reach level 25 . to do this you will just need a little gold to gear up the low level character in the auction house . " rushing " someone in diablo iii is a bit different than it was in diablo ii . i have not found a quick way to accomplish this , but i have managed to shave quite a bit of time off of the process . the process i have been using involves locating the best places to gather experience and skipping mostly all of the quests . please comment on this post if you can provide further insight . the places i go to farm experience are : a1 , the imprisoned angel - the cursed hold a2 , a royal audience a3 , heart of sin a4 , beneath the spire when the character being rushed begins gathering experience at any given place the blue items dropping on the ground should be too high level for the char to use . when the char reaches the level where he or she can actually use the blue items which are dropping that is a pretty good indicator that it is time to stop , gear up at the auction house and move to the next act . another indicator is when the char stops getting good experience . auction house tip - make sure to get socketed items whenever possible . also , get items with the character 's prime stat , vitality , and + experience . try and maximize the dps for the weapons as well . put rubies in the weapons to increase damage , and dex/prime stat gems in everything else . here is a step by step set of more detailed instructions : first take a level one char and bring them to about level 5 by playing around in a1 . when the character gets between level 5 and 10 , go to the auction house and purchase items that have + experience on kill , the character 's primary stat and vitality . make sure to get items with sockets when available . make sure to get the highest dps weapon you can find . place vitality and primary stat gems in any socketed items . start a1 quest , " the imprisoned angel , the cursed hold " . let the low level character join the game . run this quest until the low level character stops gaining at least a level every run . start a2 quest , " a royal audience " . this is one of the best places in the game for levelling . have the lower level character join . kill all the snakes in emperor hakan 's anteroom , then continue killing snakes all the way to the sewers . try not to destroy the constructs until they have spit out all of the snakes they are going to spit out . when you reach the entrance to the sewers leave the game , change the quest back to " a royal audience " , and repeat until the low level character is level 18-19 . now go to the auction house to gear up the low level char again . make sure to get + experience items and socketed items when possible . next start the a3 quest , " heart of sin " . let the low level character join and run through this quest line to azmodan until the low level char reaches 22-23 . it is up to you as to whether or not you make another stop at the auction house now . depending on the items you have found you may not need to . start an act 4 game , any quest . i like to run from " beneath the spire " on , but it is really just a matter of preference . play a4 and kill diablo . keep playing a4 until you reach level 25 . now then , from here on out : auction house a1 , the imprisoned angel - the cursed hold auction house a2 , a royal audience auction house a3 , heart of sin auction house a4 , beneath the spire . . . rinse , repeat .
the " attack buff " that lulu grants is just what it is - an attack buff . the carry 's attack that is enhanced by pix 's bolt is still an attack caused by the carry . basically , when the carry kills someone with lulu 's buff , it is still the carry that kills that target , and is the carry that is accounted for the kill .
nope , sorry . you will have to start it all over again . deaths are permanent in this game .
i do not play sniper that often , but i did not notice a significant difference between the rifles . however , there is a huge difference due to the class ability which changes the roles completely . assault snipers can see cloaked units through their scopes , which makes them ideal countersnipers against stealth snipers on the more open maps while stealth snipers are more useful against anything else that can not see them . when in doubt , go with stealth sniper .
no , not in any uncertain terms . ron gilbert could work in espionage as his secret-keeping skills are first rate . i am sure you must realize that explaining the ending to monkey island 2 is a question with as many answers as people who have played the game to the end . the " cannon " ( at least as far as all subsequent monkey island games are concerned ) ending of monkey island 2 explained in monkey island 3 states that it was a hallucination . but the designers of mi3 had no insight into the original intentions of the end of mi2 as ron gilbert was not a part of that project and his original intentions were not shared . because of this , many players have picked at the inconsistencies in the mi3 explanation as you do and consider the explanation provided in mi3 not to be cannon to ron gilbert 's original vision which he seems intent to never reveal . ron gilbert never explained what the secret of monkey island is either . from the many interviews and ambiguous answers , it is rather clear that ron gilbert likes his secrets and may have no intention of ever clearing up any of this conundrum . he mentioned that he considered giving it to his lawyer to be read upon his death , but that this may lead to his untimely demise by a crazed fan desperate to know the secret . is any of it real ? is it the fantasy of a boy in an amusement park ? what is the secret of monkey island ? we may never know . the wikipedia article has some good references and insight , citing several interviews with ron gilbert . apparently ron gilbert intended a trilogy so the ending of mi2 may not have been meant to have the finality it almost implies if you take guybrush 's experiences at the end literally . one stronger theory linked from the wikipedia article suggests that when lechuck first curses guybrush after he falls down the hole , he does transport him to a parallel universe of hell and guybrush 's understanding of the world is shattered . but it could even be as simple as something like when falling down the hole or upon the landing , guybrush hit his head and everything after that was a concussion-induced hallucination . any explanation that dismisses guybrush 's experiences at the end as being a hallucination is likely not going to please fans and so that is probably why it is for the better that it stays a secret . the best part of the ending in my opinion is that it is somewhat open-ended and allows players ' imaginations to run wild and question the reality within the monkey island fiction . it is sort of surreal to be considering the " reality " within a fiction . personally , i feel that the scene with elaine after the end makes it pretty clear what is what , but that is just my personal opinion . either way , the game is a masterpiece . i am not sure if ron gilbert was making a joke , but on his blog , it read , " when @grumpygamer gets 1,000,000 followers , i will make another monkey island . " if that is true and someone 's motivated enough to find out the truth of the monkey island mysteries , then it would seem some advertising of his twitter feed would be in order . fyi , twitter has about 360,000,000+ registered users , of whom about 140,000,000 or so are believed to be active so you do not even need 1% of all twitter users to follow him - easy , right ?
yes techie 's mine are triggered when an invisible enemy unit walks on them . you can for example use lycan 's wolves ( lvl 4 ) to demine .
there are a variety of tricks you could use , from a custom addon , to manually reviewing screenshot submissions . the easiest would probably be to request that the character log out wearing a specific , easily obtainable item ( selected randomly - think shirts , vendor weapons , etc . ) , and then check that the item is equipped .
the duration of an übercharge is always 8 seconds when you keep a single patient ; the only thing affected by a patient 's health status during an übercharge is healing , which is a separate matter from übercharge . the only thing that shortens the duration of the übercharge itself ( for the medic ) , and not the filling of the charge meter , is passing the healing beam to multiple patients such that more than one person receives invulnerability .
given the altruist achievement ( at least on steam , can not comment on the xbox version ) , which is " complete 100 percent of the vigils in the memorial " and given i have that achievement and my vigil screen looked exactly like yours , we can safety assume that there are only 23 vigils .
as of the current version of the game ( v0.34.11 ) , i am not aware of any personality traits or attributes that would cause a dwarf to commit several unprovoked murders in secret . as mentioned in the comments by studoku , a likely cause could be the presence of a vampire in your fortress . a strong indication of this is if the corpses of victims are being discovered " drained of blood " . this would tie in with your prisoner refusing food and water ( their thirt will be… somewhat different ) . another possible cause for a string of unexplained deaths could be the presence of one or more ghosts in the fortress . these are usually the result of deceased dwarves not being properly buried or memorialised .
use a skill swapping/changing move on each pokemon of the horde in turn until you find one with the ability you want . for example , skill swap - swaps yours and the opposing pokemon 's abilities worry seed - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to insomnia entrainment - sets the opposing pokemon 's ability to your ability ( unlike skill swap , it does not change yours ) . their ability will briefly flash up on the screen ( before changing to the new ability ) , allowing you to tell which ability it carries normally . do not worry , their ability will revert to the original at the end of the battle . as for some pokemon that have access to these moves : sylveon learns skill swap on level 25 , carbink/solosis on level 40 budew learns worry seed on level 16 , pumpkaboo on level 11 . pancham/pangoro learn entrainment on level 42/45 respectively ,
steam has recently introduced an option to queue up games to be installed through a web interface . make sure the target pc is running the steam client , then go to your games list on the steam website ( the easiest way to do this is to click community -> profiles -> games in the steam client ) , open the all games tab and click the install button next to the games you want to have installed . if not all of your games are showing up , click on per page : all at the bottom of the page . this is massively faster than going through the usual install dialog .
platinum god has apparently been modified and you do have to have all no-damage achievements to unlock that achievement now . ( see also . )
without mods , there is no way to learn enchantments without disenchanting an item ( source ) ; if you are looking for a specific enchantment , you can always use the following trick to re-generate a particular shopkeeper 's inventory : quicksave smack them with something ( dagger , sword , or what-have-you ) quickload and the inventory will be refreshed . this quickly becomes tedious if you are looking for something like banish , however .
you can edit your config file for a more precise sensitivity adjustment . configs are located in : My Documents/Battlefield 3/PROF_SAVE_profile  back this file up before making any changes . open in notepad and edit these values . i have not tweaked these in the config since beta when there was a bug with the sensitivity slider , so i could not tell you what the scheme0/1/2 values affect . GstInput.MouseSensitivity GstInput.Scheme0Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme1Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme2Sensitivity  edit : try this in the console GstInput.MouseSensitivity 0.418605  edit the value to your preference .
there are a couple of achievements associated with synchronization : perfect recall - for achieving 100% sync in an entire sequence il principe - for achieving 100% sync in the entire game , plus the da vinci disappearance dlc ( requires the aforementioned dlc ) each sequence also has an associated cheat that is unlocked for 100% sync , which can be used in single player . you can only use cheats while replaying a mission , so they are really more for replay value than for making your life easier . there are also a series of " repressed memories " that you unlock as you increase your " overall " synchronization , and completing missions with 100% sync is a good way to increase this total . however , the last one of these is unlocked at 75% total synchronization , so 100%'ing the entire game is not required . these memories are from before ezio became an assassin , and center around his relationship with cristina vespucci .
solomon island do not waste your sequins at the first two vendors , it is not hard to run to the vendor in blue mountain as long as you do not dally on the bridge covered with corpses at the beginning of blue mountain ( hint : they are zombies ) . kingsmouth town ( 153 , 375 ) do not buy stuff here ! blue ql3 gear weapons , 146 power ( 40 ) glyph , physical and magical protection ( 10 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 10 ) lower left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 20 ) upper left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) savage coast ( 128 , 854 ) blue ql5 gear weapons , 200 power ( 40 ) glyph , physical and magical protection ( 12 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 12 ) lower middle talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) upper middle talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) upper left talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) blue mountain ( 245 , 643 ) blue ql6 gear weapons , 235 power ( 50 ) glyph , evade and defence ( 15 ) glyph , crit ( 15 ) valley of the sun god no skipping ahead here . roads are only moderately dangerous , but it seems like you need to progress the story mission to gain access to the second zone . scorched desert ( 601 , 436 ) blue ql7 gear no weapons glyph , penetration and hit ( 17 ) glyph , evade and block ( 17 ) lower right talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 30 ) upper right talisman , your choice of attack/health/healing ( 55 ) city of the sun god ( 400 , 52 ) blue ql8 gear weapons , 282 power ( 50 ) glyph , physical protect and defence ( 20 ) glyph , penetration and crit ( 20 ) transylvania the roads around the cov envoy and agartha entrance in besieged farmlands have mobs on them , otherwise travel is pretty safe if you stick to the roads . besieged farmlands ( 1007 , 1035 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , health ( 30 ) upper left talisman , healing ( 55 ) head talisman , attack ( 65 ) shadowy forest ( 853 , 872 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , healing ( 30 ) upper left talisman , attack ( 55 ) head talisman , health ( 65 ) carpathian fangs ( 710 , 681 ) blue ql9 gear no weapons lower left talisman , attack ( 30 ) upper left talisman , health ( 55 ) head talisman , healing ( 65 )
trackmania has a pretty unusual release/upgrade path , where three games have become 1 game with a demo . it all started with trackmania then came the second game trackmania sunrise which ran on an improved engine trackmania sunrise got an free upgrade to trackmania sunrise extreme then trackmania got an free upgrade to trackmania original which ran on the same engine as trackmania sunrise as a promotion for the trackmania games and the electronic sports world cup trackmania nations gets released for free . now we have three different trackmania games , and here is where it gets unusual . a fourth trackmania game , trackmania united gets released containing basically all content from the previous games . trackmania nations gets updated to the same codebase as trackmania united , and forever get 's added to the name , resulting in trackmania nations forever and trackmania united forever as the codebase , including the shared stages and the networking code between the games is now the same , trackmania nations forever is now nothing more than a demo for trackmania united forever and trackmania united forever includes everything that is in trackmania nations forever . ( afterwards , there was a contest and corresponding free update , which updated it to trackmania united forever : star edition ) so effectively , the trackmania now availble on steam , is an updated re-release of the previous trackmania games all together . the free edition is what used to be a seperate game , updated to be a demo of the full game . trackmania nations forever consists of a single stage ( stadium ) , first seen in trackmania nations while trackmania united forever : star edition consists of all stages of all the previous trackmania games . stadium ( trackmania nations ) desert ( trackmania ) rally ( trackmania ) snow ( known in trackmania as alpine ) bay ( trackmania sunrise ) coast ( trackmania sunrise ) island ( trackmania sunrise ) more information can be found in the trackmania wikipedia article
yes , b is the worst rank . the possible ranks are b ( lowest ) a s v ( highest ) from a vvvvvv wiki : in the time trials play mode [ . . . ] the objectives are finishing the level in less than the par time , collecting all the trinkets , and avoiding deaths . [ . . . ] if none of these objectives are met during a time trials run , the player is awarded a " b " rank . if some of the objectives is met the player receives a higher rank : " a " rank for one objective met , " s " rank for two objectives met , and " v " rank for all three . ( emphasis mine )
there are no skulls on halo 4 ( similarly to reach , they are unlocked from the beginning ) . however , here are the names and what they do from this source . i hope this is useful . the details for each of the skulls in halo 4 can be seen below : famine - weapons drop much less ammo . tilt - enemy resistances and weaknesses are increased . mythic - enemies have increased health . catch - enemies are grenade happy ! black eye - shields do not recharge unless you melee enemies . tough luck - enemies always go berserk , always dive out of the way , and never flee . iron - co-op : back to previous checkpoint on death . solo : restart mission on death . thunderstorm - major upgrade to the capabilities of enemies . cloud - motion sensor is disabled . cowbell - acceleration from explosions is increased . iwhbyd - rare combat dialogue becomes more common . grunt birthday party - headshot a grunt , happy boom time ! blind - the hud and the first person arms and weapon are hidden .
depending on whether you are playing the pal version of the game or not , different things may change . things that change in all versions : ghosts do double damage the poltergust 3000 is 1.5 times as powerful , making it easier to get more money and therefore better frames things that change in pal versions : the mansion is mirrored horizontally there are more normal ghosts around the mansion bosses are more difficult , having different attacks rooms are much darker ( but only as dark as in the ntsc version - normally , the pal version is brighter ) boos often have increased hp , though some have decreased fewer hearts appear speedy spirits and gold mice always give up a silver diamond when caught , raising the maximum possible amount of money from 142,390,000g to 186,440,000g 45 rather than 40 boos are required to fight the final boss boos are faster and more difficult to catch five ghosts rather than three appear in the artist 's studio to read more in-depth and look through sources , see here .
the downloadable content for borderlands consists of the following ; the zombie island of dr ned mad moxxi 's underdome riot the secret armory of general knoxx claptrap 's new robot revolution all of this content is accessible when installed by using the fast travel system . none of these expansion packs have a real direct impact on the borderlands storyline , and several of them are designed specifically to be played after the storyline . for example , the secret armory of general knoxx is designed for players at level 34 to level 50 , it increases the level cap by 11 levels which will affect the main game , but generally you do not reach the level cap during a full play through of the original borderlands story . mad moxxi 's underdome riot is a challenge mode where you deal with multiple waves of bandits and bad guys without any real story impact but it will grant you one skill point for each play through as a reward . the zombie island of dr ned is a story by itself , dealing with zombies , but is not unlocked until level 10 and requires a character of at least this level to play the content . claptrap 's new robot revolution adds items that can further increase the size of your backpack , grant more skill points , and adds new areas to explore but again does not really impact on the main borderlands storyline .
venom hydra is more advantageous in almost every situation . while the pools of acid do less damage per second , they will stack on top of each other , and with 3 heads as opposed to 1 , this can mean that it is actually doing 54% damage per second in one location ( which can hit multiple mobs ) , or 18% in 3 different locations . venom hydra also has speed in terms of the fact that mammoth hydra 's flaming ground is fairly slow to reach it is target . venom hydra is the clear cut winner in situations where an enemy will stand still for extended periods of time ( like bosses or if you are grouping with a melee character ) , as the dps output on targets standing in pools is just insane . the only time that mammoth hydra seems to win out is if lots of enemies are queuing up ( say coming through a doorway ) , but even then , venom hydra can hit the first enemy , and when it dies , the second enemy will take it is place which in turn will mean it is now standing on the venom pools . so mammoth hydra is only barely better in this situation , while venom hydra is far better in all other situations .
shivering . gasping for air . must find her . the locket glows . must find her .
after testing it a few minutes ago i discovered the following things . 1 . the tech lab must stay attached 2 . if the barracks lands down next to the tech lab immediately afterword , tech is not resumed and must be restarted . 3 . the minerals/vespine gas spent will be refunded .
yes , it is currently possible to learn every skill available , and many people have . the only disadvantage to learning more skills is that there is a compounding 3% time penalty for every skill you learn above a certain limit . the limit is determined by your current level of the better learning skill . the effect of this is that learning many ' fast ' skills will make the longer skills later in the tree far more difficult to learn . the current maximum penalty is over 4x the base learning time , so for skills that take days or weeks , this can be significant . thus , learning some skills you are not interested now might penalize you in the future , should there be a long learning time skill that is introduced into the game later down the line . the game developers have said that they have many skills planned for release in the near future . one of these skills is thought to be unlearning , which will allow you to ' forget ' skills that you do not have any interest in retaining . it would take a fraction of the time it takes to learn a skill in order to unlearn it . the time taken to unlearn a skill is not affected by the aforementioned penalty and the unlearning skills themselves also do not add to the penalty . the skillifier is a tool i developed to track skill times and help you prioritize , if learning time is an interest/concern : http://agent86ix.github.com/glitch
sideways power attacks are initiated by moving to the left or right while holding attack . similarly , backwards power attacks are initiated by moving backwards while holding attack .
when crafting , all materials in the legacy storage are available to you . the are drawn in this order : materials in your inventory materials in your cargo hold materials in your legacy storage this allows you to maximize both accessibility of materials to your alts as well as reduce what you are carrying around .
you are just simply using a tediore manufactured gun . in borderlands 2 , whenever you reload with a tediore , your character tosses the gun away , which explodes and can do damage to enemies . shortly thereafter , a new copy of the gun digistructs in your hands .
the trick is to spread the disease first to all of humanity before you raise their suspicion . this will be a long game , so i advise playing at the fastest speed . the starting area is not that important , but i usually choose one of the african countries since land-based transmission is prioritized . concentrate on transmissions first . which transmission type depends on which country you start on . personally , i maximize bird , livestock , air , and water transmissions . mutations will come , but de-evolve them asap and get free points to boot . if you are having trouble spreading in 1st world countries , invest one or two levels in the ability which makes drugs less effective . if you are having trouble actually getting the fungus to some countries ( greenland i am looking at you ) , invest a few points in the fungus special . this is random , though , and it does not work at times , so use it only if there are a few countries left . once everyone is infected , and at this point , you should have 70+ points , start putting points in the symptoms . i personally get the respiratory track ( ! ) and work my way to coma and paralysis . investing a few points in abilities that make researching for the cure harder is fine , but i would rather invest in symptoms that have chances of killing instead . dead researchers = no research . have fun !
the answer is no . they have not changed anything that effects afk . well , not in the sense that you are referring to . it is caused by high server loads for the most part . that and visiting other sites while logged in to the game . i have the same issue . however , it only effects certain areas . example , in deepholm i was disconnected many times during the stonehearth quest line . i was guarantee to be disconnected if i switch to surfing wow head , wow forums , etc , etc , while logged in to world of warcraft in the stonehearth area and the area just to the north of it . that was because of the amount of data that was sent from the server . the server normally sends less than 2kb with few-second-spikes up to 30kb . this was not the case in this particular area . i continually had a 15 to 25kb streaming from the server while in this area of deepholm . again , it only happens in certain areas . i can be in org during prime time with slight lag in comparison of my normal lag . other effected areas were two spots in hyjal . one was the area that everyone is first ported to . the second effected area around the circle of cinders . i found few short-term solutions on the official wow forums from a blizzard blue . one is disable add-ons since of them uses bandwidth to talk to other players . an example would the gearscore add-on . also , discontinuing surfing sites and limit what other system application that uses bandwidth while logged in to wow . here is another , which happen to surprise me , disable the your combat chat via removing the filters . here is a link to the post i refer to .
in this case it sounds like your play style is off because your build may be off . it is important to remember how you build , you are not going to beat a ranged carry in pure ranged dps battle . honestly you should use your range skills quickly and drop in as hammer form as you gain mana per hit and armor and mr passively while in it . since this is mostly a late game thing i will give you an idea on how your build should look in the end . trinity force : self explanatory , sheen proc works wonders with all your abilities and on hits , mana is vital to you , hp , ad , slow for the rare moments one of your slows are down , movement speed off zeal gives a fairly high movement speed even when off your stance switch ghost heart of gold/randuins omen : more hp to put on top of the trinity force , the gp5 for heart of gold early adds up especially if you grab a philo early on ( you should jayce ate some mana cost nerfs so he is hungry for mana ) . the randuins cripples the enemy team once you jump in with the hammer and the armor ensures physicals will not just eat you . merc treads : must have , need the mr to round out the build and the tenacity for when you jump in is vital banshee veil : i have removed maw and swapped for this after some gold efficiency charts and general theorycrafting . the flat health all the time is better than the shield on the basis it takes all damage . the mr is higher and the mana gives you more room to spam and fight in team fights . it also makes you virtually impossible to initiate on and most of the aoe damage you take in a fight is from magic . the damage loss is negligible on the basis you might actually survive the team fight . last whisper : absolute must have , for pure physical damage nothing trumps last whisper especially end game . at 30 armor on the enemy is does more damage than an unstacked bloodthirster and at 103 it does more than a fully stacked bloodthirster and it is cheaper . you may want this before maw , if so , grab a hexdrinker for the mr , ad and shield and go straight for this . completely up to you : this last item slot is for whatever you need to counter the opposing team . need to survive poke ? force of nature . want to sponge more damage and go in earlier ? warmogs . need more damage ? black cleaver/ie/bloodthirster this is by no means a build order , you may only want sheen early and then rush randuins . this is a final build idea . remember a massive portion of your damage is your skills and only half are actually affected by ad so building tanky early on can let you still hurt . as jayce you are the most dynamic character on the field and you need a firm grasp as to what your team needs from you . if they need a damage sponge early on in engages , you need to build for that . if they have got a nasty nocturne eating your ad carry , you sit by that ad carry until noc arrives and you knock him away with your hammer and leap onto him afterwards . you have got an initiate ? you throw your gate down and shoot your q into them and hammer leap in while popping randuins and eat their ad carry . do not forgot that your hammer stance gives you mana on hit and armor and mr passively while in it . for most engages you will want to start in ranged mode , land a quick gate followed by q as well as a sheen proc and the on hit mr/ar reduction from the ranged swap and then leap in on a squishy or keep a tanky dps off your ad carry with your hammer stance and the cc from it . i highly suggest smart casting with jayce otherwise it takes too long to use all these abilities and then join the fray , cause otherwise your tank/other tanky dps will die . if you notice this build leans heavily towards being a tanky dps , the reason for this is because his damage can all be put out in a fast barrage and then you can quickly close the distance afterwards . as far as being a ranged carry , jayce has one of the lowest attack ranges and no steroids besides a fast three shot . his dps is not so great honestly . he is more of a tanky dps that can attack from range . do not forgot about his ranged skills as you need to jump between using all of his abilities all the time , do not just aa unless you are nothing but cooldowns or are oom .
after playing for a longer time , and analyzing it logically , i am sure the drawing is cheated . first , i almost always get ' next drawing chance ' or the lowest gold/food prize . i have only once or twice gained middle gold/food . second , there are 9 cards . the extra drawing costs 3 gems , and the biggest prize is 50 gems . it is easy to calculate , that investing 27 gems would give you 50 . it is certainly something no game provider would ever allow . so no matter what card you click , the system will only then make drawing , and surely the probability of winning higher prizes is very low , and what is worse , only game operator knows exactly how low . use the free drawing as soon as available , but do not invest gems . the system is so designed for you to loose money there .
bubble immediately to buy yourself some time . then you can use time warp and haste to slow him down/speed yourself up enough to prepare a devastating attack and hope for a one shot . blizzard balls ( 1earth+4ice ) are particularly effective .
use bob 's mine-cart station : and he is using wood and stone pressure plates to recognize empty mine-carts and all you have to do is sit in the mine-cart and it is automatically will push you , i used it , and it worked very well . for mine-carts stack you can you water flow like here : he made it really cool , but it is a none stop station . you can combine it and get exactly what you need !
i have seen a number of different walk throughs ( plus my own game ) and i have never seen a difference in the way batman looks at a given point in the story . based on a number of youtube videos i would have to say that the answer is : no .
i am making this community wiki : please -- anyone with more information feel free to add it in ! might affinity angelic alliance - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 4 . arachne - complete sidequest in necromancy campaign , mission 1 . assassin 's blade - buy from the altar of wishes . requires gold dynasty rank . blade of binding - complete sidequest in inferno campaign , mission 4 dragon flame tongue - wildcard ( see below ) edge of chaos - exclusive to preordering heroes vi . iron feather - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 1 . malathua 's cleaver - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . ( blood mission ) perfect silksword - wildcard ( see below ) silksword of the kirin - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 2 . souldrinker - defeat an enemy hero as part of the main quest in inferno campaign , mission 1 . sword of the griffin - unlocked as part of the main quest in the prologue campaign . sword of the wolf - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 1 . sword of whistlebone - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . magic affinity batu 's totem - buy from altar of wishes . requires platinum dynasty rank . heartrending song - complete sidequest in haven campaign , mission 2 . soulreaver staff - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 1 . staff of asha 's eightfold - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of cleansing - exclusive to the heroes vi deluxe edition . staff of sandro - complete sidequest in necropolis campaign , mission 3 . staff of sar-aggreth - wildcard ( see below ) staff of the tides - complete sidequest in sanctuary campaign , mission 1 . the oblivion - unlock from uplay with uplay points . thunder staff - complete sidequest in stronghold campaign , mission 2 . will of urgash - buy from the altar of wishes . requires silver dynasty rank . wildcard there are a few spots on campaign maps that contain " wildcard " artifacts - guarded locations that contain a random artifact ( including these 3 dynasty weapons ) . as of right now , these " random " artifacts ( which change their contents each time the map is played ) are the only possible ways to get these weapons .
did you perhaps have boone travelling with you ? if boone is your current active companion , the legion will always be hostile to you , because boone will shoot them on sight , and they tend to return the favor .
no there is not . the only way to block/parry attacks , is to have either only one weapon , or a weapon and a shield , and then press ( and hold ) right mouse button .
yes . you can play any backwards compatible games ( which includes halo 1 ) via system link between an original xbox and an xbox 360 . you can not just connect the two ethernet ports together , however as the original xbox requires a crossover cable . you can however , plug them both into the same router . you will need a disc per console , as with any system link play . source - see tips section
you can only see a sort of echo appear on the screen i am afraid . what you might have seen was the caster 's mouse cursor when they review the replay , or some casters record a game they are playing live , so you see their mouse . as for the key presses , i am afraid you have to be vigilant and work out what they click . personally i have the shortcuts showing on the icons , which might help , a lot of the time it is just noise , keep an eye on the production , that will give you an idea of what they are clicking . make sure you watch day9 , he is brrrrriliant and have good tips and tricks for a beginner and part-timer ( such as myself ) . i think you might be worrying to much about the detail and need to take a step back to see the larger picture . this video might be a good start : otherwise go back as far as you can and let day9 guide you .
i think hearing enemies is , like many other things in xcom , a random thing . the chances are higher when you have no enemies in sight and you are far away from them . however , it is possible to hear enemies that are out of line of sight even when you are in combat with other enemies . it is also possible to have two soldiers hear enemies in the same turn . i even had a single soldier hear the same enemy twice with no delay between ! one thing that does seem consistent , however , is that when you hear an enemy , it will resonate from the closest enemy to you . i have never heard enemies from across the map when there are closer ones nearby . so , your strategy of playing slow is probably just increasing the chances of hearing enemies , as you are taking more turns , which is indeed a useful thing .
you definitely are not missing anything . batman , in all his vast wisdom/money , manages to bring along an unlimited number of his gadgets in that tiny utility belt of his . i am guessing it is a dimensional belt of holding +1 . . . man i am a nerd . . .
i used Reducto ( the orange spell ) to constantly blast them back . that keeps them away long enough for dumbledore to finish his drinking game .
it is a bug . i get this as well . after the first chapter i am not sure what happened to the bad guy leader . i sometimes die when i reach an objective e.g. when my guy gets out of his car in the set piece his car lands on him and he dies . hopefully they patch it .
there is , in fact , an easier way to do this ! there is a specific area you can go to in the thunder plains , and cause the lightning bolts to hit the same spot , over and over . this makes it much more consistent to dodge , since the timing is no longer random and much easier to predict . the area is just outside of guadosalam . if you have activated three of the cactuar statues , the little ghost is running around just south of it . it looks like a little hollow , right by a tower . the trick is to walk just over the dip in the ground , and that is when lightning will strike . press x as you move into the dip , and you will dodge it . the timing is pretty generous , i have found ; you can move into the hollow , and press x before the flash , and you will still dodge it . then it is just run to the tower , loop around , and go at it again . doing it this way gives you one lightning bolt about every three or four seconds , which means it'll take around ten to fifteen minutes to amass the necessary 200 . note that you will not have any indicator that lets you know when you hit 200 ; you have to go to the travel agency and read the book to see how many you dodged in a row . but do not go there until you miss , because leaving the area will reset your count . to see this in action :
level 10 , only if you choose mercenary as your advanced class .
if you have already completed the level once , and go back and try to complete the level again , the invincibilty leaf ( the item that gives you the white tanooki suit ) will not appear anymore , no matter how many times you die . the same goes for p-wings - if you have already completed a level once , then you will not get to use the p-wing in that level .
found a solution on the steam game hub . . ( scroll to bottom ) http://steamcommunity.com/app/211420/discussions/0/882959061668056366?insidemodal=1 also , a more detailed source . . ( tip #5 ) http://segmentnext.com/2012/08/24/dark-souls-pc-crashes-low-fps-fix-controls-errors-freezes-and-gfwl-fixes/ the trick is to disable any of your devices listed as an " hid-compliant game controller " . no need to uninstall . i created a system restore point jic . control panel > system > device manager > human interface devices > > [ disable all of your devices listed as an " hid-compliant game controller" ] remember to restore them when you are done . quite a pain :| all things considered , its working now and that is fine with me until its patched .
there are set times when respawns happen , every 10 seconds by default . so if you spawn just after the timer has reset you will have the maximum wait . wait times also vary by map and game type , so it can be anything between 5 and 20 seconds . from the tf2 wiki : team fortress 2 manages its respawn times in waves . the default respawn wave is 10 seconds . this would mean that players are spawned every 10 seconds . however , unless the server population is low , you will most likely have to wait for the wave after . in this case , the maximum respawn time any individual would have is 20 seconds . source : tf2 wiki - respawn times page
you can freely join leagues ( like the ugc ) to get yourself noticed . you may also be able to network with other players and build your own team . another option is to pug for competitive teams . idle on irc ( like gamesurge ) and offer your services .
by far the easiest way to get all letter scraps and spaceship parts is by linking your game to your rockstar socialclub account and use the interactive map legend to keep track of the collectibles you have found , and those you have not yet found . the map takes a little while to update and your console needs to be online for it to work at its fullest .
i noticed that the game automatically saves : after buying or selling from a store when you have reached a checkpoint in a quest when you have finished a quest when you enter a quest area after you liberate an outpost quest is defined here as a story-mission , a mission from the job board at outposts ( hunting , assassination ) or a trial of the rakyat challenge .
well , it can slightly reduce loading time . however , reading from the dvd / blu-ray / hdd is not the only time consumming operation that can happen during those loading screen . in fact , it is generally not the longest operation . after reading the data from the disc , the game still has to : decompress it ( data is generally compressed to reduce used space ) rebuild cross-references ( between textures and models , . . . ) . . . those operations generally take more than half of the loading time . there exists some techniques to reduce this time ( streaming , . . . ) but they may not be applicable to all types of game , and they can be difficult to implement . game are allowed to use some space on the hdd as a cache of blu-ray / dvd ( both on xbox and ps3 ) . this is not that much used as installation ( either via the guide on xbox , or via the game on ps3 ) is generally a better option ( as the cache can be cleared automatically by the system after exiting the game ) . on some specific games , loading time can be drastically improved however . gran turismo 5 for ps3 loading time can be halved by using a ssd .
the trick is to tap the key only very slightly until the cube starts moving , then , right before the cube passes the edge , release the key and let the cube fall down , and then , in the very last moment where it is stil falling , press the key again to prevent the cube from touching the ground . it of course completely depends on how precise you are ( i did it with a mechanical keyboard with made it a lot easier compared to trying it with a laptop keyboard first ) , but after 5-10 minutes of practicing you should be abto to do it quite easily . also , no edge timer will appear , so it might help to get a feel for how long 5 seconds are first , because the achievement is not awarded when you beat 5 secends , but when you touch the ground again .
upon playing further , tolir took until the ripe old age of 77 to pass . hrane ( now 48 ) has returned to claim the throne of norway , along with a pleasant surprise : hrane now has a nice starting prestige of 279 ( +200 ) and a bump of the royal coffers by 200 as well . be aware , i was prompted that being a member of the varangian guard is dangerous , so i am assuming that members are more likely to die than if they were sitting in a court . however , if you have more than one valid heir ( even a chaste-craven-homosexual backup ) , i would recommend sending your sons to the guard if they ask . yes , you should let your sons join the varangian guard . if they return safely , they bring +200 gold/ prestige when they return for their claims and the " varangian " trait ( +2 martial , +1 diplomacy ) .
according to the prima guide for the game , while you can build more bridges for the town , there is not a public work that allows for more beach ramps .
due to the nature of worldedit , worldedit requires you to specify permissions , either the build in , or by using a permissions plugin worldedit uses the wepif ( worldedit permissions interoperability framework ) to handle permissions . if you are not using a permissions plugin , the easiest way is using flat file permissions which allows you to simply give yourself all permissions by editing two files in the root of your server ( same location as bukkit itself ) : perms_groups . txt admins:*  perms_users . txt sk89q:admins:*  ( replace sk89q with your username ) there is a list of permissions , on the worldedit wiki which can help you if you want to further specify permissions
there is no visible buff , the only way to see that it is working is to look at your character sheet . you will be able to see your intelligence and dps at the buffed level , and then see it drop again when the effect wears off .
most of the hidden areas i can think of off the top of my head are achievement related ( so the below might count as spoilers to some folks ) . specificially , the areas associated with final transmission , ship overboard , and portrait of a lady . final transmission : ship overboard : portrait of a lady beyond that , i know of two easter-egg rooms , the first holds the turret quartet , and the second is the secret developer commentary room ( with the beeping screeches that , when translated , talks about the devs involvement in the args ) . dev commentary node : turret quartet :
flanitor has one great thing about him - of all the medics he learns esunaga ( esuna on all ) on the lowest level . also , his feral link truly is a lifesaver . if you are about to be flattened , use his feral link , and when you are on full hitpoints he will cheer himself up so he can use it . flanitor is great but listen to this . you want flanitor for the early esuna . you also want the catigipillar ( sp ) who is the only monster in the game that learns elemental resist +30% . and it also learns raise real early so if you get it while your flanitor is a low level , quickly level him up until he get eleresist and raise then infuse it into flanitor . then when flanitor reaches level 34 and learns esunaga ( most of the game should be done by this point ) infuse the flanitor into a green chocobo for the single greatest medic in the world . just infuse your cait sith with your flanitor .
since the " vr support " list does not include the games that have the " oculus rift " banner ( as shown on your link to doorways : chapter 1 and 2 ) and the fact that none of the games returned by that search query have the same banner , it would seem that this is functionality that has not yet been fully implemented and/or it could be for games supporting valve 's own upcoming virtual reality hardware . however , there are a couple of manually maintained lists available ; this one on steam contains quite a few more games than are returned by the " vr support " search query but does not seem to be actively updated anymore , this one on wikipedia is about games in general that support the oculus rift , not necessarily games specific to steam , not specific to steam , but riftenabled is a wiki-like site that keeps track of rift support in games there is also the oculus rift owners group which may help you find out further information on which games directly support the oculus rift , but mainly seems to be full of tweaking games that do not officially support it yet .
the award score is the total of the points received through awards in that round . awards include ribbons , medals , attachment unlocks , and service stars . the round you get a vehicle or class service star ( 10,000 pts ) you will most likely get top award score .
the maximum number of trade offers you can get a villager to generate will depend on their profession . each time you trade the last ( right-most ) offer a villager has , two changes happen to their available trade offers : any trade offers that have been used enough times to deactivate them will be reactivated . there is a chance that a new trade offer will be added to the end of their list , which will be a different item than the trade offers currently appearing . if no new offer is added it usually means a previous offer was reoffered at a new exchange rate ( e . g . 20 wheat for an emerald changing to 19 wheat ) . therefore , if you have not traded the last offer to the point of deactivation and the villager has not yet shown you all of their trade offers , there is still a chance for them to generate more . a list of the possible trade offers by profession can be found here . if you add them all up , you get the following for the maximum number of different trade offers a given villager type can possibly make as of version 1.6.4: farmer : 14 librarian : 9 priest : 13 blacksmith : 26 butcher : 11 and i can confirm this is true for the librarian , because i maxed one out already . ; )
i test it and the time is about ~1,5 sec . from start to first pipe ~4 sec . ( it is not as easy to check clock and play the same time ) when i would have someone who stop the time it would be more accurate .
yes ! a simple touch of a button can switch you between first and third person . on the pc , this button is ' f ' . on consoles or if you use a controller , click the right thumb stick . it is entirely plausible to play the entire game in this view if that is your preference .
try using the unrelenting force shout to knock him down from there . if that does not work and you are playing on pc , try using the console command tcl to noclip up to him or click him in the console and input the command moveto player .
every mass effect 2 save file has a " questcompletion " variable that can be one of three values . gibbed 's save editor has dubbed these , " quest incomplete " , " lived to fight again " , and " went out in a blaze of glory " . there is no " mission complete " save generated by me2 like there is in me1 . instead , every save file has this variable in one of the three states . presumably , only saves where shepard " lived to fight again " will be viable to import , as bioware has previously stated dead commander shephards will not be importable into me3 . ( and obviously , you can not import without beating the game ) . ( related : stackexchange-url when importing into mass effect 3 , you get to pick the actual save to import ( i.e. . , quick , auto , or manual ) . your save is always current , so there should be no worry about keeping your save " updated " , other than simply saving normally from playing the game .
it is totally impossible to be able to tell if someone is ' cheating ' unless you go to their house and check their phone browser history for any of those word helping websites . other than that , what is to say they are not just good with words ? it is also important to note that the complexity of the word or length mean nothing in comparison to playing the game well . knowing words helps , but dropping those big point letters on the triple letters and dropping those big point words on the triple words is what nets you the big points . i bet you could score 100 point with the word zoo if you placed it well enough . words with friends is a lot of strategy not just word knowledge . a couple tips to beat them at their own game . take longshots : what is the worst that can happen if you try to put in a word that is not real ? it is not like someone is looking over your shoulder saying " haha you loser , you do not even know what a word is . " . try to land those high letters on those triples . do not set them up : if you are making a word , be very concious of where they will be able to go next round with your word . did you just open up a path to a double word ? a triple word ? make sure you are leaving them with basically nothing awesome .
the biome generator has changed between different game updates , and the server is assigning a biome based on the seed , but not generating new terrain . i have several desert areas discovered during alpha that are now considered tundra or arctic , and are as such covered with snow .
the only way is manually i am afraid , or generate a new world . my usual tactic when there is a terrain generator update is : get mcedit open my old world , and copy the section i want to keep ( usually just my main base , not too big ) open minecraft and generate a new world using the updated terrain generator find a big area of ocean in the new world ( not too hard to find usually ) using mcedit again , plonk my section of old world into the ocean , or affixed to the edge of a land mass ( you can also put it into a biome of the same type , but ocean is easier ) spend a happy afternoon ' tidying up ' the edges and making the terrain look believable again .
the answer to all of these is no . unless the battlecry is one that only targets minions with taunt ( black knight ) none of these must target a taunt creature . from the wiki : " . . . taunt only affects melee combat - spells and ranged attacks are not affected by taunt . " keep in mind that the hunter bow cards : eaglehorn bow and gladiator 's longbow do not count as ranged attacks in any way .
the kill always goes to the champion who damaged them most recently , unless 10 seconds has passed between death and champion damage , then it is an execute and nobody gets kill credit . this counts for champions who die by turret , fountain , monsters and minions .
i have taken half an hour just looking through the auction house , and i have taken my own experience and various forum posts into account , and these are my findings : the maximum number of sockets per equipment type varies . it seems to be independent of item rarity ( magic and rare items , legendaries are something special ) . instead , it seems to depend entirely on the body type of the item . these are the maximums i was able to identify : first of all : shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots can not have sockets at all ( more on that later ) . helmets , rings , amulets , weapons , and offhands : one socket pants two sockets chest armor three sockets legendary items are a special case : they always have a certain fixed amount of sockets per named item , but just for completeness : the maximum number of sockets on legendaries i could find was two . there is something i have to add about shoulders , belts , gloves , and boots : even though there seem to be no belts with sockets , it is theoretically still possible that belts can have sockets , and simply nobody has found one yet . i come to this conclusion from a simple fact : shoulders , gloves , and boots have no search option for " has sockets " in the auction house , indicating that it is indeed not possible for them to have one . belts , however , do have this search option . it is entirely possible that blizzard just left it in by accident , though . another interesting fact about items and sockets : items have a fixed amount of random properties ( this can differ , even for same rarity and body placement ) . when an item is dropped , or identified , the contents of these properties are randomly rolled out . sockets , no matter how many there are in the item slot , take up exactly one of these random properties . this make for an interesting conclusion : if you are unlucky , sockets may take away important stats from your item . in general , pure item stats will always be higher than you could at to it with gems . for example , perfect strength gems provide +22 strength . in comparison , items of roughly the same level seem to hit an upper cap of around +60 strength . this means that if you , for example , identify a rare chest armor piece and it finds +50 vitality , +20 experience per kill and +1.2% chance to stun on hit , plus one socket , then that last socket could have been a slot for +50 strength , whereas now you can only try to compensate for it with gems . on the contrary , however , this becomes a nice bonus when you actually want to stack a certain stats . items can not roll the same bonus stat twice . if we go with the example from above , you now can circumvent this fact by adding another +22 vitality gem into the socket , thus giving you even more life on the item ( good for tanks , for example ) . this thread discusses all of this ( notice bashiok 's post later in the thread , acknowledging these facts ) .
via a reverse image search of this piece , i found the game . it is called battleheart ( google play link | ios appstore link ) .
malborn is supposed to automatically move to a table in a dark corner of the winking skeever when you proceed the quest correctly , but if he does not , he can probably still be found around town . you may also wish to check the new gnisis cornerclub in windhelm ; it is where he tends to go after the quest is complete , and he may have ended up there early by accident . alternately , if you are on the pc version , you can try opening the console and typing prid 33f46 moveto player  this should find malborn wherever he is and move him to your location . edit : it looks like malborn does not even exist until the quest ; it literally spawns him in as you get the objective , and then attaches the correct scripts . if the prid command fails , then it is likely that malborn simply never spawned at all correctly . in that case , you can try either reloading a save from before you talked to delphine , or try using some combination of setstage mq201 30 setstage mq201 40  the first will reset the quest to immediately before delphine tells you to talk to malborn , the second grants the " meet malborn in solitude " objective . you may just need to run the second , maybe both , maybe just the first , and then talk to delphine ; without my own game showing the same bug , i can not be entirely certain .
fallout wiki suggests the following : if the player chooses to spare him , after the quest the end ulysses will hang around near the entrance to the canyon wreckage , where ulysses will help the courier make camp fire recipes . ulysses will also present new dialogue options , such as giving hints at how to deal with legate lanius and commenting on possible previous player actions in the mojave ( e . g . killing house ) . ulysses will also supply the courier with miscellaneous items he found in hopeville ( the courier 's mile ) , including rockets , rad-x , radaway , mre , and pre-war books . if he is alive at the conclusion of lonesome road , he will offer both the history and recipes of bitter drink .
no trick . you bought the crop itself , what is used by the people to eat , not the seed . when you bought the cherry seed you unlocked the ability to grow cherries , but since you did not buy the wheat seed , which costs 2250 , your people just ate what you bought instead of you unlocking the crop to farm .
after a little researching on the web i can not find much evidence that the days passed has a sizable effect . from tvtropes . org : there do not appear to be any time limits on quests whatsoever . even when the quest in question involves providing first aid to a woman who got knifed and is lying on the street groaning and writhing in pain . the only thing i have found it to be useful for is farming reagents from trueachievements . com reagents are also on a 2 day respawn ( expect for seaflax which is 3 days ) , if your farming a certain reagent be sure to sleep in a bed to make it spawn again .
the black outlines are part of the art style of borderlands , most of what you see on your screenshot is intentional . the only way to get rid of the pixelation is to enable antialiasing ( fxaa option in the video menu ) . i would also recommend to use the lastest driver to deal with any graphical issues . the outlines look a bit thinner on my computer , the following screenshot is with fxaa enabled :
there is an advanced setting that allows you to found towns during the game . it can be configured during a game and turning it on will allow you to found a new town . more information can be found at : http://wiki.openttd.org/advanced_settings/economy#founding_towns_in_game once it is turned on , founding a new town is available from the town list under the ' town ' menu . ( see comment below )
imho , no . let me explain : crouching allow you to reduce your exposed surface , making you a smaller target . it could be useful , but crouching has a downside : it impedes your mobility by reducing your speed . since most of the weapons allow somebody to one-shot or two-shot you , good speed and unpredictable movements are your greatest way to survive . that is why most of the time , crouching is the easiest way to die .
for a short term solution , a powered minecart is probably adequate if you are not going up severe inclines . the extensive use of coal over long periods of time probably is not worth it though . if you are going to want to continue to use this setup for a long time , you should look into powered rails . they are more expensive to create , but they also do not require any materials for continued usage . if you go with powered rails , you will be interested to read this previously asked question
apparently it works in mame 0.138 . also , try the pgm bios . assuming you actually have a real copy of it .
i usually hold it however i hold it normally so screen is open to that first " click " and i just move up and down ( closer to the floor the move up towards the ceiling ) in small movements about the length of my stomach starting slow and getting faster til u find the right pace the baby likes . do not try to over think it too much .
sw does not proc loh , so using it will never add anything with a sw build , however , it would not be taking away anything either . sw does proc ls but at 45% of weapon damage ( with 3 stacks ) and only 20% effectiveness in inferno , you had be needing to do much higher damage than what you had be doing in mp3 for it to make a huge difference . for example if your weapons do 2000 dps then 5% loh should work out something like this 2000 * .45 * .2 * .05 = 5  or 2000 weapon damage with 3 stacks of sw , and one enemy would work out to about 9 life regen . that is if the proc coefficient on sw is 1 , if it is lower then so is the number ( i coudln't find what the proc coefficient was ) . also not sure how your offhand weapon figures into the weapon damage calculation . of course this number should go up if you get swarmed but even with 10 enemies in your sw that is only 90 life regen , if they have trapped you on top of a ground effect , that probably will not save you .
sadly , no . the games that support the xbox live vision camera are not natively supported by kinect . in fact , the two do not play nice together at all , according to this microsoft support article . the only crossover app appears to be video kinect , which can be used with either device .
vistas are often in hard to reach places above the ground , most likely on a roof or on top of a stone formation . to reach it , there should be a more or less obvious path leading to this place , often requiring a few jumps . the specific marker to trigger a vista is a small light shaft with a vista icon floating above . you just need to be in the light and press f in order to trigger it . the hard part is both locating and reaching the vista itself . in this specific example , the answer is directly in front of your eyes :
ok , here 's how you do it . go install autohotkey . after it is installed , it'll create a script in my documents folder . edit it , and add the following in there : LButton::h RButton::g Shift::u Xbutton2::y ^!q::ExitApp  this corresponds to the combat settings in-game ( which you cannot change to mouse clicks normally ) . so , in game , h is normal attack , g is strong attack , etc . the script remaps lbutton and rbutton to h and g respectively and then shift to u ( hold shift now raises the shield ) . i also set xbutton2 ( which is the browser-back button ) to parry ( y in game ) , but your mileage may vary depending on if you even have that button . finally , ctrl+alt+q will quit autohotkey . so what you do is this : start the game , spawn your character . tab out of the game , start autohotkey , then tab back into the game ( keep in mind your clicks are now disabled so you will have to use alt+tab to enter the game ) ta-da ! old dark souls control scheme .
when you have lifted up " one of the large , yellow . . . things . . . " you can scale the boxes to the left of it and jump on top of it to reach the top floor of the room . here is a video of ronan forman doing it
all right , now that the dust has settled a bit and the community has had some time to investigate thoroughly , the closest thing that we have to 100% confirmation right now is that all of the " unknown " navigators from my original question can be earned from score attack . ( there are scattered reports of other methods , such as mike 's answer , but none that have been verifiably proven to work consistently that i am aware of . ) therefore , the closest thing i know of to an authoritative list at the moment is as such : teddie : clear story mode completely mitsuru : complete 100% of one character 's challenges nanako : beat score attack mode with yu , elizabeth , naoto , and shadow labrys aigis : beat score attack mode with aigis , labrys , and mitsuru fuuka : beat score attack mode with yukiko , akihiko , and kanji yosuke : beat score attack mode with yosuke , chie , and teddie for those who are absolutely dead-set to earn these unlocks by hand without resorting to spending money ( or who wish to earn the achievements associated with them ) , note that you can slowly lame out a win against the ai via liberal application of the pause button . ( simply pause the game to see what move the opponent is performing , react appropriately , then repeat . ) i will edit this answer if atlus ever releases official unlock details .
generally speaking , as a weapon-using character , there is not going to be much difference between a bound weapon and a physical one . so , to answer your first question , the other trees useful to your path will be the same ones that are useful to any bow/battleaxe-wielding character . as for armor choices , you might want to take a look at this question about warrior armor types , or this one about two-handed warrior mages . finally , since bound weapons are roughly equivalent in strength to daedric weapons , i see no reason why using them on master difficulty would not be viable .
per the klei forum : it only affects the resources above ground in sandbox mode ( i.e. not adventure mode , not in caves ) . there was not much of a discussion , but you can read it here .
it is impossible to destroy the vendors . however , in fort frolic damaging the sculptures does cause a security alert . ( not the plaster sculptures but the big plant ones )
mobs can only go so far from where you initially engage them otherwise they will hit their ' leash ' and reset . try kiting mobs in circles rather than just dodging backwards all the time . the reasoning behind this behaviour is to stop what happened in certain early mmorpg 's where people would end up with ' train 's of creatures trailing behind them until eventually they died , usually taking several other people along with them .
" dangerous game " has a bug and will not disappear from your quest log when turned in . and quest items are indestructible ( fortunately they often do not take up an inventory slot ) . generally though , quests can not be dropped , you have enough room in your quest log for everything .
it depends on time , your aggregate production allocation , your financial engagement and few other things . financial engagement this game favours those willing to spend some real money , change the game or be ready to use many extra hours for monotonous activity such as pressing certain keys over cities . even if you were able to automate the latter action with user-space tools ( alert against tos ) , notice that the ready tools with ministers are much better . i am not saying that it is not possible with ocr engines and certain window automation tools , but user-space hacks are not built-in and ea is acting violently against such maneuvers , as you may have noticed with lou tweak/bos not-working-parts from userscripts . org and no public api . you can ask for a friend for a holiday substitution , but notice that it is only for a limited time and with limited functionality ( no trading , no attacking ) . i have talked with many past lous -- and guess what -- they have been using ministers during the whole gaming . when you have about 40-50 cities , it becomes increasingly more difficult to advance without real financial engagement . it is still easy when you are not under attacks but during attakcs everything becomes even harder -- without ministers welcome unhealthy 24/7 gaming . since military is pretty much an exponential cost-curve ( or if you have war-minister , you can get income with automatic raiding ) , you can just imagine how the amount of different factors greatly increases because you need to create more and more resource cities to please standing armies . playing as poor and playing as rich are very different activities . it will affect greatly your choices over possible defence strategies . time if you are in the war stage already ( middle and ending games ) , the best defence is a huge amount of rangers in ranger towers , with nice recovery time and cheap . then again , some people like guardians but , knowing that you are not playing for a week , you do not need attacking power of them so i would not build them with guardian towers . but rangers have one weakness , horses , which advanced players will realize very quickly and they will attack with horse units . if it happens , you have at least 3 choices : a ) revenge strongly with berks ( cheap ) or mages ( if you are rich ) b ) balance c ) to die . more about balance , 4 rangers towers and 4 quardian towers , traps to outer walls ( 5 of each : arcane , fallout and barricade ) and 2 look-out towers are pretty well all-around defence strategy against a variety of attacks ( guardians against horses while rangers against infantry ) . fill the lookout towers with scouts to kill the scouts of the attackers , very important ! if you are in the building stage ( beginning game ) , the best defence is a variety of defence such as traps on the outer walls , one lookout tower on the inside walls ( not castle city ) and depending on your armies : provide such towers to the inside walls that protect you the best if you are in the transition stage from beginning game the middle/ending game , the best defence is to demolish the traps little-by-little and replace them with towers having proper soldiers because traps are futile against big armies ( castles multiply the capacity of barracks , currently , by 5 times ) . if you are building a castle city , neutralize siege units with camouflage traps . neutralize scouts ( spies ) with lookout-towers and scouts . scouts are very important units because they help you to attack at the weakest link of the enemy ( also works opposite against you ) . and most importantly enemies will not know the design of your coming castle city if you are able to provide enough scouts with lookout-towers . resource production if you have a lot of extra wood or market has a lot of cheap wood , build ranger towers and rangers . fast construction after attacks and cheap . if you are rich in resources or you want to attack/defend with your troops , build guardians : good in defence and good rebound in attacking . diamonds if you are rich , in real life , get the defence minister after placing the towers to upgrade your city defence . also , a war minister would be useful to create new armies after attacks . if you are very rich , in real life , get the protection thing for the week . location land-locked and harboured cities are very different beasts . if moongates are open , the value of land-locked cities may deteriorate after the invasion of strong enemy units from other continents . if moongates are not open , the value of water-based cities is lower in terms of attacking because you will face 2 types of attacks : water-based and land-based . luckily , water-based cities provide one of the strongest defensive unit in the game : sloop . capacity and real money people willing to spend more money can take more risk . they can plan poor cities with low capacities because warehouse cities can suck the resources or a minister will purify things automatically for you . if you have no minister , you should aim to create cities with about 2-4m capacities and implant every city with a farm . the farm is important because it kills one factor : you do not need to worry about sending stuff to your cities the hardness of which exaggerates while under attacks . summary it is very hard to say which type of defence to create for a pause . it depends on a number of issues . a key issue is financial engagement which undermines the expertise of this game , those willing to pay a lot have a huge advantage . for a player unwilling to pay a lot , i recommend to balance things ( create a balanced mix of traps to resource cities for example ) , build more capacity and implant a farm to every city . even if ea tries to give an impression that you can get most things without money , you must understand that the game will never end , it just expand with new continents ( and new world ) and old player getting killed after inactivity .
there is a good in-depth explanation at gamefaqs , but here 's a quick summary : heavies do the most damage , but have the worst agility . best used in easy to navigate maps , enclosed spaces or game modes where the worms cannot move . soldiers are the balanced worms : standard agility , standard damage . great all-rounders . soldiers function identical to the stock worms from other games . scientists are great for support- summoned items like bridges/sentries last twice as long . sink holes have a larger radius if summoned by a scientist . each time it is a scientists turn ( real turn , not select worm or a free select map ) , all your worms gain +5 health . however their damage and blast radius takes a hit ( pardon the pun ) . best used for games of attrition or defensive " darkside " teams scouts have the worst damage and take the most knock-back , however their fast speed and jump height makes them extremely useful for setting off mines , collecting crates and navigating treacherous maps . tunnels dug by scouts can only be used by other scouts ( grenades still fit as well ) . they work best on maps with shorter turn times .
i found the problem . i had contacted codemasters through e-mail since their support forms on their website would not work for me . it took like 3 days for them to find the problem and 4 responses later they told me to disable my sound card , and it worked . so i thought maybe it wad something with my sound drivers since i had a kind of hard time finding some . i looked harder than i did the first time and saw that there were new ones . i have the realtek alc892 chipset on an asus p8z68 motherboard . i downloaded the drivers from here : http://www.realtek.cz/realtek-download.php?realtek=alc892system=3 so i enabled my sound card again after installing the drivers and have not had any problems yet .
the system tries to match you up with similarly " ranked " players with the same available map packs . if it can not do that , it will try to match you up with players with a subset of the same available map packs . all of this is automatic and seamless . i have two 360 's and for a while one of them did not have the map pack installed . i did not notice a lack of games . my friends do not have the map pack , they join my party and we play as usual . no special hoops to jump through .
these kinds of games have evolved a great deal since the beginnings , and zork was one of the very first in the genre . you are doing a great job with your mindset , but zork is probably not the best game to start with , and despite being a classic breaks many of the " unwritten rules " of being a good text adventure game . it is generally considered a bad practice for authors of new games in this genre to include riddles such as " ulysses " in zork . this is because , even if there are hints in the game that will help solve the riddle , it is only fun on the first playthrough . it feels like much more of a time-waster than solving even the simplest physical puzzle in the game . it has nothing to do with logic , the basic tenet upon which these games are based . zork innovated a lot of things for the text adventure genre , but it is still one of the first , and because of this it still has its rough edges .
you get a pin and trophy for completing the main path levels in each world ( i.e. . challenge levels do not count ) . when you complete all the main path levels in the game , you get another pin and trophy . that is it . of course , along the way , you collect a lot of prize bubbles , both in the game and for completing each level . these help when creating your own levels .
peter molyneux has said that the only change you will notice is the things other people say to you . nothing major . a complete description of the relationship can be found on the lionhead forums . note this comment about how npc speech is affected : fable iii will read your save file of ii , npc 's will talk about your end game decisions
the models are just collectables and are for fun . you can find a list of them in this question/answer : where are my model ships ?
no , the second cast of distortion does not trigger lich bane to empower your next auto attack . video reference : watch the spellblade buff on leblanc 's buff bar - you may need to watch it a few times . when you see the spellblade buff your next auto attack is empowered , and the buff lasts for a number of seconds before you lose the empowered attack ( you can see a countdown effect ) . every additional ability used without making an empowered attack refreshes the spellblade buff . this means that if the spellblade buff is not refreshed by using an ability , then that ability does not activate spellblade . if you watch the video , you can see leblanc jump forward with distortion , granting her the spellblade buff from sheen . when she uses sigil of silence shortly after , the buff is refreshed . however , when she returns by re-activating distortion , the buff is not refreshed . since the buff is not refreshed on the second cast of distortion , the second cast of distortion will not activate lich bane . i would safely guess that this also applies to the second cast of mimic : distortion .
always prevent a slide out of a valley by holding your finger down at the lowest part of the dip . but let your finger off after coming out of the valley to get some height and speed . when you hit the ground , again hold your finger down to prevent a slide . repeat . basically , you are letting your finger off at the very last moment of leaving a valley and holding it down on the way in to prevent a slide .
i can answer my own question . as of 1.2.2234 it is not fixed . i now have two copies of panna city medicine . when i asked the question , i only had one copy , but having been reset by the bug , i decorated 35 levels again , and was given a second copy of the floor . this event took place after the update fixing the reset bug . i put in a request for support to disney . i am expecting a personal phone call from mickey mouse any minute now . the negative here is simple : as of the current iteration of the game , there are not enough bitizens to staff all of the jobs . with the addition of panna city medicine , it creates 3 more job slots than the number of residential slots . adding a second copy , now compounds the problem to 6 total jobs that have no one to fill them . update from disney customer support : at this time we do not have the ability to adjust or alter your in-game content , so we will not be able to remove the second level . tiny death star 's extra levels ( that you can purchase from the menu ) were created so that you could customize your death star further . while you may have run out of apartment levels to staff your jobs , we hope to have more available in the future . if we add more , it should be via a new update so keep an eye on your device ! hopefully a future update will also include the ability to delete levels so you can get rid of levels you no longer care to have . if you have any other questions , please do not hesitate to let us know .
they do stack , yes . i stacked a couple of spell and potion countdown reductions so i am now sitting at 60% . once you cannot stack them anymore , the option for that particular power-up will disappear from the menu .
in order to save your jungle , you need to act quickly to contain it completely . dig a gap that is at least four blocks wide surrounding the entire corruption . note - on the bottom side , corruption will send down hanging vines that will spread corruption , so you must also line the bottom with a non-corruptible material like wood . if it is not feasible to contain all the corruption this way , the best you can do is isolate some parts of the jungle and underground jungle with a four-block wide border , so you have at least some jungle to work with until you get a clentaminator and enough green to cleanse the corruption - which will allow the jungle to spread to those tiles again .
as best as i can tell , absolute position does not matter , but relative position does . by that , i mean that while it does not matter if your tank is on the right end or the left end , the tank should still be on the end with someone who can take a few hits next to him , because of enemy attacks which hit the target and anyone adjacent to them . by placing the tank on the end , the monster will waste one third of a cleave-style attack if it targets the most likely target . and by placing a high-hp ally next to him , the spillover is not so bad . as for the necromancer , he buffs a friendly target and both adjacent allies , so you want to group the characters who can benefit the most .
you are just really unlucky so far . here is a photo of watto 's wares with three skill 9 bitizen with a dream job star . in addition i have two other bitizens that want watto 's wares as their dream job , but it is already full . i was playing this on an ipad mini , so your problem may be a device related bug .
the quickest way is to start the quest " legacy of cain " and use the waypoint to the old ruins . look for the old keepsake box at the locations marked by red x . once found or not ( it could have spawned at the the old tristram road ) , leave the game and resume . repeat until all 6 journals are found . update : from further testing , the box appears most often in those 2 locations i have marked . if not found , try looking at the other locations mentioned in rill 's answer .
just breed a metal dragon and a cold dragon for a steel dragon , though you might get a mine dragon as well . it is best if you do not use hybrid dragons . if you get a breeding/incubation time of 14 hours , you got a steel dragon . if you get a time of 10 hours you got a mine dragon instead .
you can ask your follower to wait in a location ( breezehome ) . kill heimskr , get rid of your bounty , and ask your follower to follow you again .
the firmware should only be especially relevant if you have the 80gb model that implemented software emulation ( which was comparatively poor at first , although i believe newer firmwares improved it some ) . the earlier 20gb and 60gb models actually have the cpu and gpu of a ps2 onboard , so it is practically working natively , and that'd be the best approach . the newer firmwares do not disable this functionality . all ps3 systems can play ps1 games on all firmwares ( it is all software emulation , which is trivial for a system with the ps3 's horsepower ) , so this should not be a concern . note that sony actually keeps a database on what works properly . the support is not 100% across the board for any variant of the systems - there are a few games that are buggy . the hard drives are upgradeable relatively easily , and there is built in backup and restore functionality .
you could try to use a danger room to injure them . it consist of a spike trap triggered by a lever , where your . . . test subject will stand and be injured . the last time i did one , i used an actual wooden menacing pike instead of a training spear as the advice in the article , and i noticed that it tends to give your dwarf a nice wound after just a single lever pull .
the minecraft wiki has a table of common and rare drops for mobs . none them seem to drop beds , and i have certainly never heard of such a thing happening either . i suspect you just managed to pick one up from somewhere without noticing .
like most things that originated with piracy groups , the term originated as a way to describe hacks in games that did not sound quite so illegal . ( there are many similarities between the history of " trainers " and the history of " demos " , for example ) . the original trainer patch programs were generally done by the same groups that pirated games and released cracks to bypass their software protection ; often the two jobs were done by similar programs . even today it is not entirely clear if " reverse engineering ban " clauses in eula 's are enforceable or not , and producing a patch that can do what training programs can do almost always involves reverse engineering . for those reasons , the groups releasing these programs did not want to call them " hacks " or " patches " or " cheats " , but wanted to find a term that game them a sense of legitimacy , and largely settled on " trainer " . the idea is that , by turning off normal restrictions such as limited lives , you could do " practice runs " through a game without worrying that you would die and have to start over . if you reached a particularly difficult area of the game , or wanted to try some new strategy , you could active the " trainer " and practice running through that part of the game over and over until you were satisfied that you could do it normally . thus , the cheats were a way for you to " train yourself " to play the game safely , in the same sense that you might use blunted " training swords " to practice swordfighting safely .
your hard drive is most likely trying to crash or has some bad data on it . there are a few options . ps3 can restore the file system/database which gets damaged if the ps3 crashes or when the system hangs when trying to do something and you soft reset . to restore : turn off ps3 so the red light is on . hold and keep holding the power button . the console will turn on , and eventually turn off again . once off , with the red light on again , press and hold the power button . you will hear one beep , another single beep after that , and then two beeps in a row . after the two beeps , let go of the power button so it does not turn off again and you will end up in the system recovery menu . from here there are a few options . now this is important , do not click on ' restore ps3' . that will wipe the hdd clean . this should only be your last resort ! ! what you want is the other two options , ' restore ps3 database ' , and ' restore ps3 file system ' . if those do not work , you can try doing a restore or if you know what you are doing , it is super easy and cheap to just upgrade your hard drive and get more space anyway ! : ) instructions and specs you need for doing that are here : http://www.gamespot.com/features/how-to-upgrade-your-playstation-3-hard-drive-6176090/
heh , i still do not know how to find it for sure , but looks like if you fly no too far from stations , ( 8-10 km ) you will find some flying objects ( old broken stations ) and those scouts are spawned here . may be try to find were are active fights and check those places . . .
i have successfully transferred my european ( german ) code to a chap in the uk . he was able to redeem and download both the game and the day one launch pack . while it does not give any insight to code trading across pal/ntsc territories , it provides some insight .
staircase mining is more effective than quarry mining . since mining a 2 wide staircase shaft , each block you mine reveals 3 new blocks , and on discovering a mineral you branch out to clear the vein . with quarry mining in most cases you just reveal 1 unseen block , the one below you , which makes it very inefficient . more effective even than a staircase shaft would be branch mining : you mine long tunnels of 1x2 next to each other with 2 solid blocks in between them . you can stack them on top of each other too , again with 2 solid blocks in between . this reveals the most blocks in a solid mass ( all of them ) with the least of digging , so the chance of finding something is greater . there are even more effective ways of mining if you use mods . i am currently playing ftb unleashed , a mod pack . it includes some completely automated options that require a little or more work to set up first , but which save time in the end . some of these options are : automated quarry mining turtle arcane bore
you will eventually get a new ability that helps you get to the bean . spoilers about which ability : the ability you will need is the ball hop , which serves as a higher jump . with it , you can return to the volcano and jump up there .
the four things you have to find are : his voicemail , on the phone next to his bed his emails ( not sure if there is a way besides hacking to obtain this ) the baseball bat in the corner to the right of the door the clock on the mantle , the murder weapon
alira can be found in the western forest . if you are having trouble , try roaming around the edges of the map - you should eventually find her encampment . http://pathofexile.gamepedia.com/alira
update : 2013-04-05 , cheetah speed is switched back on . it is now 2x llama speed . cheetah was once slowed to llama speed . you could still activate it , but it would not go faster than medium speed . patch notes patch 1.2 cheetah speed has been disabled , selecting it will not cause your simcity to run any faster than at llama speed .
the expenses from your tourist attractions come directly from your city coffers . no matter what kind of business your attraction does , you are being charged ( in this case ) $305/hr for having it . it operates just like a park would in that sense . . . however , any revenue brought in by the attraction is added directly to your budget as well . if you exceed your break even point , this will show on your budget view balance sheet as a net gain . this item on the balance sheet is labeled as " city specialization " the " profit " number in red on your picture above is a bit misleading , as it is highlighting how much money you have made in the current 24 hour cycle so far , while the revenue calculation is hourly . the fact it is a negative number only shows that you have yet to break even today on this attraction , it is not showing any additional expense . the important numbers are the expenses per hour and the revenue per hour . as long as your revenue per hour is higher than the listed expenses per hour , your attraction is profitable . using your example : leaning tower of pisa costs ( c ) $7320/day average revenue per hour ( rph ) = $319 expected daily profit ( edp ) = ( rph x 24 ) - c edp = ( 319 x 24 ) - 7320 edp = ( 7656 ) - 7320 edp = 336 so , at your current average revenue per hour , you can expect to make $336 every 24 hours . however , for the purpose of simcity where your balance is calculated hourly , it is more useful to know how much you are making or losing per hour . that calculation is simply : expected hourly profit ( ehp ) = edp / 24 ehp = 336 / 24 ehp = $14 you are making $14/hr off of this attraction , so therefore it is profitable but not wildly so . you should increase the transit options available to make it easier to get to , as well as zone more commercial around it to attract more tourists and shoppers to the general area .
there is quite a sizable list here . an extract : head to the wiseacres wizarding equipment in the leaky cauldron hub area . it can be found in diagon alley . you can enter the following codes upstairs for the desired effect . auc8eh - carrot wands h27kgc - character studs ha79v8 - character token detector
no , it does not . as usual , the ufopaedia has all the relevant information , in this case in the article about battlescape map generation . specifically , down at the bottom of the page is the description of how the game determines when and how to damage an alien craft : if the mission is against a crashed ufo , all upss present in the craft have a 75% chance to explode ( assuming the detonation of another ups does not destroy them first ) . this is performed during a hidden " first turn " ( actual game play always begins at turn 2 ) . landed ufos have this check not done thus do not get damaged . without those explosions all spawned aliens are still alive when the battle starts .
there is a lego die in lego universe . from geekdad there is a skeleton cage just past merciless ned before brig rock in gnarled fortress . avoid the stromling ape that likes to guard this area , and spin the cage 25 times to win the lego die item . to get the achievement , you have to roll a total of 100 sixes , but they do not have to be all in a row .
you are not actually powering the raised block in this instance , because . . . reasons . that block is receiving power from the torch ( and would do something if it were a redstone device ) , but you are not powering it , which sounds strange and contradictory , but that is the best i can explain it . more critically , you are not transmitting power to the block the second redstone torch is in , as the block it is on is only weakly powered , and thus can not power adjacent blocks . so in order to power the block , you need to feed a line of powered redstone into it , point a comparator or repeater into it and power that , or place a torch under it , like so : although your basic not gate ( which is what i think you are mainly interested in ) is like so : note that the second torch is on the side of the raised block . this is important .
there have been two major content pushes in roughly the past year , i will cover them separately . i also will not bother going into the various mechanics changes or new raid content introduced , as you do not sound interested in those . i will note however that the quality of gear obtainable via badges has increased significantly with the introduction of new content . patch 3.2 , call of the crusade this patch added one new 5 man instance , the trial of the champion , with both normal and heroic modes . both modes drop epic items , with normal mode dropping epics on par with those found in naxxramas-10 and other heroic 5-mans ( including some extremely desirable trinkets ) , and heroic dropping gear on par with ulduar-10 . in addition , 3.2 saw the expansion of the argent tournament , the daily-quest hub in northeastern icecrown , with a new daily quests , new rewards , and a new quest chain . finally , 3.2 saw the introduction of a new battleground in isle of conquest , which brings siege-engine and vehicle gameplay to a 40v40 map ala alterac valley . patch 3.3 , fall of the lich king the primary content introduction in patch 3.3 was the new 5 man instances at icecrown citadel , the frozen halls . there are three of them , which are designed to be completed roughly in order ( in fact , the portal at the end of each leads into the next instance in the series , and to enter any but the first directly , you must be ' attuned ' by completing all three . these instances drop ulduar-10 quality gear on normal mode , and on heroic , drop gear on par with toc-10 ( a new raid released while you were away ) - the best items available in any 5 man , outside of gear bought with badges . the other major change in 3.3 however , is the introduction of the dungeon finder . replacing the old lfg tool , the dungeon finder allows you to select the instance you had like to run ( or you can select to run a random one for additional rewards ! ) , and the roles you are able to fill ( tank , healing , or dps ) , and within minutes , will pair you off with like minded players for a quick run through any 5 man . you can queue as a partial group as well , so you and your wife can queue together , and the game will automatically find 3 other players to finish out your group for any dungeon you had like to run . especially if one of you is capable of tanking , you will find the queues to be phenomenally fast and convenient - no more spamming trade trying to find one more to run an instance !
mw3 's new point streaking system means numerous actions now count toward your killstreak rewards ; plants , defuses , captures , defends , kills , and even assists ( with hardline pro ) count now . destroying killstreak rewards ( helicopters , sams , turret guns , etc . ) will count against your killstreaks , for every strike package . these do not count toward your actual kills ( in terms of k/d ratio , leaderboards , game limits , etc . ) - only toward your killstreak rewards .
nephalem valor no longer exists in the game . you cannot farm it at all , no matter where you go .
seem to be in the same place . my friend sent me the screen shot , and i do not know if you can move it .
usa to finland should be fine . i ordered the game from usa and have redeemed the key in india for modern warfare 3 and it works without a hitch . the issue mainly arises if you buy the game from russia and cis . the game there will be even cheaper but it does have a region lock . so go ahead and get it . however i believe that the shipping that you will pay is quite high , find someone in the us and ship it to them and ask them to message you the key .
you do not have to interrogate all the aliens . if they are not available for interrogation , and you have an alien containment it is because you have interrogated them in the past and forgot about it . you can see all the steps needed for progression here : what are all of the priority missions needed to complete the game ? . you only need to interrogate the sectoid for the full research achievement . it does not prevent you from advancing and finishing the game . you can see here : what does the full research tree look like ? it does not " block " any other research .
as far as i am aware , the tax income and levy size you get from any vassal are based on their holdings , and modified by your realm 's taxation/levy laws and the vassal 's opinion of you ( for taxes at least - i am unsure whether opinion influences levy size ) . catholic bishops have the added complication of paying their tax to either you or the pope , depending on who they have the higher opinion of . i do not think a vassal 's statistics influence any of these things . pretty sure any male of your court can be appointed to the role of court chaplain - on appointment the character 's portrait will change to show them wearing religious garb . you are right that making unlanded son 's bishops counts as giving them land . be careful with this though , as once made a bishop your son is not eligible to inherit other titles from you in the usual way . if your main heir has an " unfortunate accident " you may find yourself suddenly lacking an eligible a successor ! for realms smaller than kingdom , any lord can appoint a successor for any bishop that is his direct vassal . if no appointment is made , the new bishop is appointed internally by the church ( or pope ) . larger catholic realms must opt for one of either free or papal investiture - free operates as before but angers the pope , while papal gives the pope sole control of bishop appointments in your kingdom and grants you the pope 's favour ( useful when seeking to excommunicate rivals , divorce wives and so on ) .
ricochet buffs your next auto-attack , so it will trigger her passive but only on the first hit . subsequent bounces will not continue to trigger the passive . if i am not mistaken , her first hit will proc item effects and otherwise act as a normal auto-attack .
indeed you can ! the branches do not disappear when you choose one , even when you get all the way to the end . after completing one branch , the game will save , and the second branch will still be available .
these are just spare slots . the items does not exist yet , and are most likely to be included in future updates or dlc .
this video walkthrough ( warning , some nsfw dialogue ! ) recommends that you : do not fight him during his coked up phase , as he regains all his armor run away and get him tired as opposed to going gun-ho conserve health pills carefully good luck !
it is hard to prove a negative , but i believe that the earthquakes are only for flavor . i started a second playthrough on easy where i ran to the first collapsed hallway of the game as quickly as possible , and it was still collapsed . i also spent some time on the legend of grimrock forums and saw that other people had pretty much the same experience . i have not seen a credible reported case of " yeah , i was able to beat the earthquake and get through a tunnel before it collapsed ! " in short , the earthquakes that occur are semi-random in nature and do not seem to be tied to the collapsed hallways .
this process has gotten a lot simpler since the question was originally asked . the dayz site now recommends and links a launcher which installs the mod , updates it , and even lets you launch the game from it . turns the entire process into a few simple clicks , and has the stamp of approval from the dayz team so that you do not have to worry about running an unsupported executable . for dayz to run , you need both arma ii and its expansion , operation arrowhead ( which you have if you have purchased arma 2: combined operation ) .
yes , regular wiimotes are supported by the wii-u . this page on nintendo 's website says : controllers the wii u console is capable of supporting two wii u gamepad controllers , up to four wii remote ( or wii remote plus ) controllers or wii u pro controllers , and wii accessories such as the nunchuk , classic controller and wii balance board .
yes , random events can destroy your ship . although it does not show up in the screenshot , my ship had 3 bars of health before that damned mantis saboteur threw a wrench in my engine and then teleported to safety .
hold shift key down while dragging and dropping the goods . the game will then ask exactly how many units you want to move . without shift game will move either all or 100 units , which ever is smaller , i think .
according to zelda wiki : the hylian loach is a large , rare fish that appears in both ocarina of time and twilight princess . the loach looks like a cross between the catfish and the pike , with an eel-like body and ornate swirl patterns down the length of its body . they generally weigh in at about 29-36 pounds and can only be found at the fishing holes in its respective game . due to its rarity , the hylian loach is usually revered to be a legendary fish . in ocarina of time , the loach appears purely by random at the fishing pond in lake hylia . the best way to find it is by equipping the zora tunic and the iron boots , and then entering the water and scanning the sand floor and the area around the lily pads . if it can not be found the first time , link can just exit the area , enter again , and repeat the process . they can be caught with either the regular lure or the sinking lure , although the loach will only bite onto the hook as it goes up to the surface .
the short answer is no . you probably will not earn trophies to your account in the situation you have described , where you use a save on an account where it was not created , will almost 100% make trophy earning ineligible , even if you copy it back to your system afterwards . your best option is to create another profile on your friend 's system and log in to your psn account , and on that account use your saves , this way you can ensure trophies will unlock . make sure to sync your trophies when you log on to your profile for the first time and before leaving your friends house , so anything unlocked during your stay will transfer back to your account .
the dark world in the link to the past is basically the reflection of ganon 's heart ( greed and evil ) when he claimed the triforce way back when . since lorule shared the same past as hyrule , except that the people became greedier and more evil , and wished upon their own triforce for their own greedy and evil wants , that lorule somehow became " like " the dark world , as it is the reflection of the residents ' dark and twisted hearts , paralleled with ganon 's evil and twisted heart .
currently commodity auctions are down for maintenance , which means right now gems cannot be bought or sold . we have temporarily disabled commodity auctions for the gold auction house . sales of items such as gems and crafting materials have been brisk since the launch and we are currently working on a number of optimizations to improve the speed at which they can be processed . if you happened to have a commodity auction listed prior to this change , you can cancel the listing from the auctions tab to reclaim the item . please note that while commodities are disabled , players who attempt to sell them in the auction house will receive an " auction failed ( error 31025 ) " message . we recognize that these items are highly desired and are working to make commodities available again as soon as possible . we will provide further updates within this thread as they become availa source
after you meet arghus the collector in act 1 some npcs have them . i sometimes find them and here is another source .
this question is a little bit subjective , as " viable " in this game can be very different for some people and not others . i do not think a freelance spy career is particularly viable , for these reasons : trust . people would not usually trust intel from an outside corp . that said , i guess it might be possible to build a name for yourself , and get known . this would seem extremely difficult in this game , as it is well known for the scams that people run , and therefore usually people will automatically distrust intel from outside of their corp . there is no real way to guarantee you had get paid . they would either have to trust that you had supply the goods if they pay in advance , or you had have to trust that they had pay after you have given the goods if they pay after . contracts that i have seen do not seem to cover this situation at all . most people in demand of such intel run their own intelligence gathering . corps who are roaming will nearly always put one of their members as a scout to get " quick " intel , which is basically just who is in system , what they are in , and where they are . this intel is nearly always just ships , so will only stay current for a couple of minutes . corps who need intel that lasts for longer are more likely to have their intelligence arm , which consists of people who sit in hostile systems and watch comings and goings , or spies who actually join the hostile corporation and get intel such as teamspeak/vent details , and where and when they are going to deploy in what ships , also possibly with an eye to steal anything that is not nailed down . i would suggest what you probably want to do is just join a corp who roams frequently in your timezone , build up their trust , and offer to scout roams . some corps around will probably offer you free ships to scout their roams if you do this and are good enough at it . either that , or be a proper thief-spy . join a corp , build up their trust , get a position of influence and access in the corporation , then steal everything that is not nailed down .
sure , seems like there is a website for everything gw2-related these days :- ) simply go to http://gw2ores.celsodantas.com/ and choose your server ( s ) . note that the limitation of 2 servers is due to not being able to guest on more than two ( non-home ) servers at a time , not due to gathering limitations . you can even use the above site to choose which servers you had like to guest to based on how many known nodes there are . it lists only top-level nodes ( orichalcum/ancient wood/omnomberries , i.e. not mithril etc . ) , and of course if you find nodes that are not already shown , you can add them simply by right-clicking and choosing the type of node . obviously this is open to a bit of abuse but generally i have found it to be very accurate . you can also help out by confirming existing nodes via the right-click menu . nodes spawn each time a server restarts , so any time you need to download a new game update , the information becomes outdated and nodes may be at completely different locations on different servers ( though there is a finite list of possible spawn locations ) .
yes , leif 's shop becomes upgraded as part of the nooklings ' shop upgrades . when you unlock t.i.y. , the two will merge , and from there they share upgrades . the first level of the upgrade will add two plantable " bush " plants you can buy daily , plus one " furniture " plant like bonsai and other potted plants .
panic is a one-shot deal . when a unit panics , they react erratically , and lose their next turn . this means that , in a best case scenario , you will regain control of the panicked soldier on the next turn . however , xcom being what it is , your soldiers may panic again ( the lowered will from having already panicked not helping ) , with the same unpredictable results . late game , the psionic ability " psychic inspiration " will remove panic , and re-allow them to take their actions . if cast preemptively , it can often prevent panic from happening in the first place .
try turning off the aero theme and seeing if your performance improves . a somewhat common issue with some nvidia video cards on windows 7 with multiple monitors is that the aero theme can cause display lag/stuttering . guide for turning off the aero theme : start button > control panel > personalization select any of the themes in the basic and high contrast themes category . visual guide for turning off the aero theme : ( scroll down to the windows 7 section ) http://www.howtogeek.com/howto/windows-vista/disable-aero-on-windows-vista/
your son and daughter are playing on a local area network . if your wifi is not password protected , someone could easily log on and edit your world .
new biomes in 1.2 are rain biome ( looks like a forest but has a chance to rain ) the crimson underground crimson crimson desert lihzahrd temple ( the pyramid in the underground jungle ) living tree ( large trees that may be hollow and contain chests and furniture ) corrupted living tree spider nest underground snow
just checked the wiki , but it does not say anything about the time when will it run away . but it is one of his specialties , so you have to kill him asap . quote from there : zombie yeti a rare and curious creature . toughness : high special : runs away after a short while little is known about the zombie yeti other than his name , birth date , social security number , educational history , past work experience , and sandwich preference ( roast beef and swiss ) . so it seems that running away is his normal behavior . the wiki also provides a bit of strategy against them : just do whatever you do to kill buckethead zombies ( obviously besides using magnet-shrooms ) . if it tries to run away , it can be stopped by planting a wall-nut or another defensive plant in its path such as the pumpkin or tall-nut . . . . or an instant kill like jalapeno , squash or cherry bomb can be used . it also says that it can take only 46 normal damage shots , so a plant food planted on a repeater should be enough to take him down i guess . edit apparently there is also a treasure yeti , a new zombie in pvz2 . probably it is the one that you encountered . not much is said about him , but : toughness : dense speed : basic special : runs away after a short while , drops a lunchbox if killed but comparing some other zombies ( zombie , conehead zombie and buckethead zombie ) it looks like they still take the exact same amount of damage , so i would assume that the yeti will be as tough as in the first game ( i have never seen him though ) . edit 2 yes , he runs away after some time and not distance . just planted a walnut right in front of him and after a short while he flew away like a little scared girl .
kripp does explain it well but he does not have all the modifiers listed . here is a complete listing compiled by jarthmarder http://i.stack.imgur.com/evqu9.png
you are not wasting the speed of the scout in arena . running into a group of 12 people is pretty much guaranteed death . scout in arena is exactly as you are doing . you need to wait for people to spread out and rely on your teammates audio cues and voice communications to know where to go . listen for sniper calls or watch the death tracker for sniper kills and then go pick them off . pick off stragglers who might be retreating to find health after a larger fight . arena means that every death is a tip in balance , and as you are the most fragile player , you have got a lot of liability on your shoulders to ensure that you do not waste your life right off the bat ( no pun intended ) . use your double jump to your advantage and consider using the fan to get to good ambush / hiding spots . scout in arena can also be effective bait . get that demo to chase you around the corner into the hands of a heavy/medic combo . a lot of people will tunnel vision and auto target scouts due to their low health . to put it simply , if you are playing scout in arena , you are playing more like a spy in any other match . edit : adding in a bit about defensive play . you can also treat scout in arena like a 6v6 competitive match as the defensive scout . your job is to protect the medic who will likely be glued to a soldier or heavy early on . if the offensive target ( heavy or soldier ) is an attentive player , the fan is a great choice for this due to it is stopping power , buying them a few seconds to turn and destroy ( assuming they are not dead already ) . if they are not terribly attentive , your normal scattergun will do the trick and you are just going to be trying to kill and dodge . lastly , while i do not use it often ( i love me some pistol action ) , you can use the bonk ! energy drink and park yourself between the medic and his assailant to effectively create a wall for 6 seconds while the heavy / soldier / whatever has time to refocus and destroy them . moral of the story : medics can win arenas . treat them well .
via gamefaqs : the cheapest way to max your stats outside of no account video and the techno shack . world 1 sushi bar avocado hosomaki at $2.50 x 4 = $10.00 ( +4 spd ) shock wave record smashing turnips at $16.95 x 12 = $203.40 ( +96 str ) crash and the boys at $14.95 x 12 = $179.40 ( +96 spd ) world 5 scott 's dad bbq kebab at $4.95 x 2 = $9.90 ( +4 str ) world 6 mobile 's secret house sauteed shiitake at $9.95 x 25 = $248.75 ( +100 def and +100 wp ) total : $661.45
i have been going through a newly-generated world , traveling across several biomes , and i have seen tall grass everywhere there is regular grass : forests , savannah , plains , etc . the only biomes in which it does not seem to spawn are tundra , deserts , and ( of course ) the nether . tall grass is incredibly common : if you have not seen a ton of it already , one thing to keep in mind is that new terrain features generally do not spawn on already-generated chunks , and you will have to travel to a new , unexplored area to see them . to confirm this , i loaded an existing world i had which spanned a few different biomes ( tundra , taiga , forest , grassland ) . there was no tall grass in any of the pre-generated chunks . however , i found several instances of tall grass immediately after walking into an area that caused the game to generate a new chunk . edit ( thanks , kurley ) : as of 1.6.6 , you can spawn tall grass yourself : when applied to a grass block , one bone meal is consumed and tall grass , and occasionally flowers , forms around and on the grass block .
upon killing professor slate in the revamped version of scholomance , you can loot an empty polyformic acid vial . this can be filled from a vial on slate 's desk for a three-dose vial of the acid , which transforms you similar to other items such as savory deviate delight and the like . once obtained , simply head to the dungeons with the aforementioned bosses , dose up beforehand , and take them out ! the required bosses can be found in the following locations ; commander ri amok is the third boss of the gate of the setting sun instance , liu flameheart is the third boss of the temple of the jade serpent instance , gu cloudstrike is the first boss of the shado-pan monastery instance , trial of the king is the first encounter in mogu 'shan palace , vizier jin'bak is the first boss of the siege of niuzao temple , yan-zhu the uncasked is the third boss of the stormstout brewery note that only one empty vial will drop per kill of professor slate , so it is probably easiest to solo the normal ( level 40-ish ) version of scholomance to get your vial . you will need to do so twice , as each vial is good for three doses .
xbox live indie games do not have achievements 1 , 2 . while microsoft takes responsibility for reviewing and approving xbl arcade titles , the review process for xbl indie games titles is not controlled by microsoft . since they do not control the review process , they do not allow xblig games to have achievements that affect gamerscore . while penny arcade : on the rain-slick precipice of darkness episodes 1 and 2 were released as xbla titles and therefore did have achievements , episode 3 was released as a xblig title and lacks achievements .
if you are using the pc version you can use the console to make him wear the clothes you have pickpocketed onto him . open the console and click on the fellow with the mouse . ShowInventory  find the items you want him to wear and look for the formid . 1 - Item Name (FormID) (other stuff)  then enter : EquipItem FormID  where formid is the number you got from the inventory print out .
shift and left click the item stack to bring up this dialog : if you have started typing into chat then this will leave the item linked in your chat window , in addition to splitting the stack , because the ui is terrible that way . to avoid the chat linking you can shift and right click the item instead , and then drag the mouse off of the item before releasing the mouse button . that last quirk is somewhat mind boggling , and makes it easy to miss .
okay , i got it . you have to jump onto the dead . . . children .
bukkit is a standalone replacement for minecraft_server . jar and if you want server-side plugins you need to use it . while there is not a stable release for minecraft 1.0 , after some trial and error i found that build 1493 works and has been running my minecraft 1.0 world successfully for a few days now . i can not help you setup bukkit standalone because i never did that - i installed mcmyadmin . set it up according to the install directions , go into the control panel and select " update/install bukkit " under about/updates . it will warn about downgrading - that is ok . once it has installed bukkit , open the mcma\minecraft folder and replace the craftbukkit . jar with build 1493 from the above link . copy your world in and adjust the server . properties file as needed . in theory , if you have a working minecraft_server . jar setup running you could just change it to point to craftbukkit . jar . as for dynamic mapping , the plugin you want is dynmap .
bonuses that are listed on the weapon card are already included in the stats . bonuses you get from other places ( like skills , proficiencies , etc . ) are not , you will have to do the math there .
from what i have read and played , the following actions decrease nexus health : controlling more capture points than opponents decreases nexus life over time ( x damage per 5 seconds for each point you control if you control more points then enemies ) killing an enemy champion deals immediate damage ( -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 ) achieving a secondary objective ( quest ) deals immediate damage ( -20 life to nexus ) and gives your team a buff ( like nashor in normal mode , except not the same buff ) . those secondary quests appear randomly and consist of capturing a specific capture point . these quest spawn for both teams at the same time and always concern two capture points next to another . point neutralization and point capture ( -3 and -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 )
your bird is randomly assigned a colour every time you start playing . when you die and start over , you get a new colour . the colours were not available at launch , but were added in a later update . your friend may have an older version of the game . since the game is no longer available for download , that also means it can no longer be updated . if this is the case , your friend is out of luck , i am afraid .
you have to find the incomplete chainsaw . then you also have to find an incomplete engine and build that . then you combine the two . the net cost is 2 nuts and bolts plus a handful of other items , which is hard for a lot of people to swallow for a simple weapon . but man does it rip through zombies . each attack kills 3 zombies , and you need to feed it a new battery about 1 in 3 attacks . best of all , after you have spent the batteries , your inventory is now free to carry back items .
those symbols are set only by players and is completely up to the player . there are coincidentally 6 marks ( equal to the number of stats : hp , atk , def , sp . atk , sp . def , spd ) you can ' mark ' or un-'mark ' , which can be ideal to mark what stats of a pokemon are at 31 ivs , which i have found to be the most common use of these . of course , it is entirely up to you to decide what to do with them . you can ' mark ' or un-'mark ' from the summary page of a pokemon or through the ' marking ' option in your pc box .
play the game on its easiest difficulty setting . this is actually just as fun , if not funner , than messing about with the nanorifle - as this option has a storyline , goals and play length , while still allowing you to randomly take out buildings and do whatever you want , whenever you please .
if you are up for spending the money ( mk9 should be pretty cheap by now ) , you could get the komplete edition , which comes with cyber sub-zero and quan chi already unlocked , as well as all the other dlc characters ( rain , skarlet , freddy krueger , kenshi ) . it is $16 from amazon
rested xp doubles all combat kill xp . it does not double exploration , quests , pvp , etc . there are two ways of gaining rest xp in swtor . while logged off you gain a small amount of rested xp . this amount is the same regardless of where you log out . in addition , anytime you are in a " safe area " ( most cantinas , fleet , your ship ) you gain rest xp . the two ways of gaining rest xp stack if you log out in a safe area . your maximum rest xp is equal to the total amount of xp needed to get through your current level .
nope , but just keep in mind that each transfer costs 2600 rp each and it can not be refunded . also keep in mind : if you are in na , transfer to euw , then transfer back to na , you will have to spend 5200 rp .
never mind , i was mistaken . turns out all these trophies ( which i thought were missing ) were inside buildings ( like the courthouse or the church ) . that is why i was not finding their markers on the map , they were not on the main map . i feel a little silly that i spent two days looking for an informant . =/
this method simulates photo mode while offline download nfs hot pursuit camera hack . press esc on at the moment you like to take picture . press num 7 to hide pause menu use num + and num - to move camera in any direction press right shift to speed up camera then use fraps or any other software to take screen shots .
you can exchange weapons only if they have different attachments or modifications . so , a silencer attached scarab differs from a scarab with reflex . if you encounter the exact same weapon as the one you are holding , you will only take the ammo from it . weapons do not wear in crysis 2 campaign or multiplayer .
playing normal mode , i have unlocked characters and levelled up classes fast ( ish ) using big game hunter . you do need to kill a lot of special characters to level up classes , but in 8 games on the iphone , i have all classes unlocked , and the mage levelled up to level 10 . i would be intrigued to know what constitutes a high character level in a game on normal mode ? i tend to feel that hitting about 1000 turns , and character level of something over 200 is a good go - given that by that point all the items tend to be named things like ' legendary blah ' and ' godly blah ' . in my experience the best combination of skills to get to this point is heal , repair , dazzle and big game hunter , with the mage class . shapeshifter 's special ability plus big game hunter means that you can kill a lot of special monsters fast .
well , you are going to have to practice aiming at high angles . there is no way around that . imagine your character surrounded by a sphere . moving the mouse up and down can point you anywhere from straight down to straight up , but not past those points ( think north-south latitude -- up and down just moves you north or south , to the poles ) . that means if a soldier jumps over you , you can not just keep moving the mouse up to track him . moving the mouse left and right simply rotates your character ( think changing longitude , while remaining at the same latitude ) . the key here is that the same mouse movement horizontally always moves you the same number of degrees , so if you are pointing up at a high angle , a large mouse movement to rotate , say , 120 degrees , does not move your cursor/aim very far in an absolute sense . i would guess that is what is tripping you up with high angle aiming -- mouse movements translate to character rotation , not cursor going left/right from where it currently is . at low angles these seem to be mostly the same , so it is not very noticeable . i would start with just trying to defend yourself while he jumps . a soldier can not keep rocket jumping forever -- not only does every jump eat health , but it eats ammo and he will have to stop and reload . if he jumps and fires two shots at you , he can either jump again ( away ) or he can shoot at you from the ground , which you should be able to deal with . do not worry about trying to hit him with reflected rockets until you are able to reliably defend yourself . if you happen to be using the reserve shooter and you know he is low ( that is , he took some hits before his jump ) , you may be able to take him down . i would not recommend this tactic unless you already use that gun and finishing him off is worth eating a rocket . pyro is largely a short range class , so catching/killing a jumping soldier will be rough . you have the best defense in the game against rockets , however . really , your best bet is to shield your team from him while somebody else takes him out . the soldier is probably jumping in on your medic anyway , rather than trying to bomb you . if you have to take him 1v1 , your best bet is to just deflect until you can get to a place where you can force him to fight you in close range ( and on the ground ) . summary : try to practice aiming at high angles . just try to deflect the rockets , at least for now , to protect your teammates while they work on doing damage . do not try to kill a soldier from long range at all , and not medium range unless circumstances are absolutely in your favor ( or you have no choice ) .
all rookie soldiers start with 40 will and gain will increases as they gain ranks . they suffer a decrease in will when they suffer a critical wound in battle . therefore , there is not really a single low number to worry about , as it varies by each rank . also , a squaddie ( or any other low ranked soldier ) who has been critically wounded can eventually gain enough will back to be a successful soldier . the table below shows the low and high will values a soldier can have , by rank . by checking each soldier against the table , you can determine if their will is too low for the rank they have . i have included the low and high will values for when the iron will upgrade has been purchased . however , i am not certain how helpful those will be , as you generally purchase that upgrade after your soldiers have been promoted a few times , so you will not expect to see values as high as the columns indicate . i created the table using the following assumptions : each soldier gets a fixed +2 per level . each soldier gets a random +1d6 per level ( irandwillincrease=6 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another fixed +2 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( ibaseotswillincrease=2 in the ini file ) . each soldier gets another random +1d4 per level when the iron will upgrade is purchased ( irandotswillincrease=4 in the ini file ) . ( see http://wiki.tesnexus.com/index.php/xcom:eu_defaultgamecore.ini_settings for the ini values . ) the second wave options not created equally and hidden potential change all of this . not created equally changes the starting will from a fixed 40 to a random number between 25-60 . will increases stay the same . hidden potential changes the will increases ( and all other stat increases ) to be random , so there will be a much larger variation of will values among your soldiers . the above table can still be used to check whether you have a soldier who is better or worse than " normal " , though .
little steve can be found as a rare drop in any item room ( or shop , or it can be rolled off of any other item with the d6 ) once he has been unlocked . steven also drops little steve when he is killed , most of the time ( i think it is about a 90% chance ) . if you already have little steve when you kill steven , he will instead drop the buff item " steven " . he will also rarely drop " steven " even if you do not have little steve . finally , here is some photographic evidence :
if your team captures the control point where an enemy gunship is deployed , the gunship will take damage until it gets destroyed . are you aboslutely sure you killed a tank with it ? i did not think emp uavs damaged tanks . . . that would be wayyyyyy too easy . i have dropped it over an enemy gunship and that damaged ( and killed ) the gunship , but i am convinced that emp uav does not hurt armor .
i tested every skill and the following attacks refresh sweeping wind . it should be noted that sweeping wind is refreshed when the skill is used instead of when the attack hits . normal attacks all primary skills fists of thunder deadly reach crippling wave way of the hundred fists all secondary skills lashing tail kick tempest rush wave of light dashing strike seven-sided strike finally , using sweeping wind again will refresh the timer and maintain any stacks . although sweeping wind 's description specifies striking an enemy , it can both refresh and stack ( via a crit ) when one of the above attacks is used against a destructible piece of the environment . it can , however be difficult to reach the item you want to strike before sweeping wind itself destroys it . thus , this effect can most easily be seen by using dashing strike to charge and hit an item .
as i wrote in the comment there is no other way to highlight the damaged buildings except for the floating yellow signs above them . from my own experience i have noticed some buildings do not have this sign but have a red/brown color to them , these operates at lower output and need to be repaired . i think this could be a welcome upgrade to any new additions to series .
they are all exactly the same . and since braid only has 2 speeds of movement ( moving or stopped ) i can not imagine it being very different gameplay-wise on either platform . i personally own the game on the xbox 360 , and think it is great ! i would probably have to suggest going with the ps3 version of the game , because the gamepad is a nice way to layout the controls . braid is all about the puzzles , and art style , but the audio track is nice too , so you may want to take into account the quality of the sound system [ s ] you have your pc and ps3 set up with as well . it might be interesting to note that on gamespot , braid for xbox 360 and ps3 received a 9.2/10 critic score , where the pc game " only " received 9.1/10 . a slight difference , to be sure , but it is there . also , please read the comment below by ' rimmer ' , as it mentions a few minor details that are different between versions . in general however , the games are wholly identical .
nope . all ships are mechanically the same , even though they are visually distinct . ( both sith classes share one distinct ship type , as do both jedi classes with a different ship ) the interior layouts of the ship vary , but they have all got the same options available within them .
i have a simple autohotkey script that will force this mode for me . the script removes the window border and title bar of any window , and moves the window so that it fills the screen : the hotkey this creates is control + alt + f . it applies changes to whatever window has focus . if you wanted to use this script , all you had need to do is : install autohotkey copy the script to a text file and name it something like MaxFull.ahk right click on your new script and use Run as Administrator . note that you will need to have your game in windowed mode , set to your desktop 's resolution . also change "1920 , 1080" to whatever your resolution is . press the hotkey and bam ! maximized fullscreen goodness . it even toggles back and forth if you press the hotkey again . while the hotkey works on many games that i have played , some games are stubborn and do not want the window border removed . in that case , i have another hotkey that is a bit more forceful . simply append this to the previous script to enable the hotkey control + alt + g . update : some games also use a 0x40000 " thickframe " style , which the script was not removing until now . see the autohotkey documentation for a list of styles that can be removed .
you do not get the mission rewards and prestige from replayed missions , however you do get the money and items you found within the missions . thus , replaying missions may not be a way to profit from selling the rewards , but it makes farming materials , tokens and crowns much easier by simply being able to make a pure snarbolax or jelly king run for example .
i tested this with nidalee for traps , then malzahar for the pet . my runes pages and masteries were both empty to make sure those had no effect on this test . both of these tests were done on the big blue golem at lvl 1 ( 0mr , 9armor ) nid 's trap damage ( no machete ) - 80 ( 20 per tick ) so normal damage since jungle creeps have no mr at the beginning . malz pet damage ( no machete ) - 20 each attack trap damage ( with machete ) - 88 ( 22 per tick ) so yes , there is a 10% increase there . pet damage ( with machete ) - 22 each attack , 10% increase here too . any other champ tests you want me to do , just leave a comment .
a friend of mine had the same exact problem . set the game to full screen ( at a good resolution setting ) and change the settings . it seems that when you click " apply " the game cycles modes , which crashes on some systems .
so there is no way to know for sure what these changes will mean , but here are a few facts that some high level players are pointing out : zerg changes roach range while this is a nice buff to zerg its not nearly as nice for zerg as the terran changes . however , the extra range increase will make roaches more effective against marauders , as well as hellion/reaper harass , and even allow roaches to pick off gateways with photon cannons behind them ( before they could not attack the gateway without being in range of the cannon ) . barracks after supply this is the biggest buff for zerg . this essentially sets terran back 2 marines or 1 bunker on early rushes . as a result its much harder for terran to stop a fast expanding zerg . i would not be surprised if 14 hatch or 13 pool/15 hatch became standard play in zvt . this , combined with the reaper change has a very pronounced affect on zerg openings . reaper speed as reapers have been " solved " in zvt and pvt , i think this change makes less sense . however , this basically puts a nail in the coffin for any sort of early mass reaper . without reaper speed and with the roach range increase its going to become harder ( if not impossible ) for reapers to force early roach speed , and really throw zerg off his game . previously the strength of mass reaper was how it affected zerg play by forcing him into heavy roaches ( or losing ) . a number of zerg have gotten better about this by going earlier roaches , an additional cost that will be less necessary without reaper speed coming early . protoss changes void rays to quote incontrol void rays are only used in specific situations , on specific maps , against specific players . . . i cannot see this change affecting that . drop ship speed while the zerg response to drop ships tends to be more " ground " or mutalisk based , the protoss answer as always been stalker/ht . this change will really effect that match up . not only are drop ships losing 10% of their speed but also 15% of their acceleration . this will make it more easy to catch drop ships with stalkers and dynamically change that match up , for players like qxc ( who has heavy drop ship play ) . i cannot count the number of time i have seen a drop ship escape with a hand full of hit points . thor going away from energy using ht against thors is always been a secondary option . since many players prefer immortals ( for obvious reasons ) this will not have far reaching repercussions ( same goes for corruptors but that is even rarer ) . terran changes zerg and protoss building hit points how many changes do you think that blizzard is going to make that effects marauders without actually changing marauders ? as buildings are all armored , this has a larger effect on marauders . as many players use stimmed marauders to " snipe " buildings , they are going to find that sort of player less effective . . . tvt tvt is not going to change much , but the effects of tvz and tvp have already been documented . if nothing else these changes will reduce the proxy reaper play in 4v4 and 3v3 and bring those match ups more in line with standard play . ultimately its hard to predict what will happen to terran and without any hard facts i would rather not speculate .
you can not link el-trains or subway with normal trains . you can not , at least not with the buildings that come with the game . ( you can do almost anything if you are willing to download buildings . ) if you take a close look , you can see that the subway trains and el-trains look the same , and the normal trains look different . this is modeled after real life , normal trains came first , then el-trains and subway both developed as mass transit options , using similar trains/tracks . if you take a look at some real world mass transit systems , you will see switching between subway and elevated rail . the example i know of off the top of my head is san fransisco , ca 's bart system . i believe the best alternative is to place a station of each type next to each other . if i recall correctly , the sims can walk between the two to transfer , and be on their way . this is not as efficient , because the sims do not like to change transportation modes anymore than necessary , and if your transit system is stretched , it may not work well at all . this option also mirrors the real world , see for example bart/amtrak 's richmond , ca station . if you click on that last link , you will see that richmond station is at ground level , meaning of course that the real world does have mass transit tracks/trains on the ground . there is nothing preventing us from doing it the real world of course . however , ground level mass transit is simply not common , ( bart heading away from richmond raises to an el-train shortly ) and regardless , its not in sim city 4 .
they are tiers of the global starcraft league , held by gomtv in korea . players who qualify for code a ( which is inferior to code s ) are considered vastly superior to your average grandmasters player , even if you can generally find them in gm on the ladder . from liquipedia : the gsl is an elaborate tournament which is separated into two tiers : code s contains the top tier players who are competing against each other to win the gsl . code a contains players who are competing against each other to enter code s . you will also hear them mention when someone is or was a code s champion . this title is considered the biggest there is to win in the sc2 scene , and hence , the current and past champions are always big contenders at other events .
if nothing else , you can be sure that if you pay attention and wait long enough , the game you so look forward to will be on sale eventually . i have yet to buy a game on steam without a significant discount . i have had to wait quite a bit for some of them , but the vast majority will come on sale after a while .
i do not know how relevant this is for you . i have a c2d e6550 and a radeon 3850 and i can play black ops on windows 7 with good framerate ( above 45 ) on 1280 x 720 . the use of a good wireless controller is not going to create any noticeable lag . i would highly suggest that you go ahead and use keyboard mouse for playing a fps on a pc .
the weighted range values do not fully restrict the distribution to those values , but make it so that on average , the values will be spread close to as specified . quick aside in reference to your other question , only surface volcanism is affected . magma shafts can still exist in 0 volcanism . i do not believe it is possible to generate a map with no low temperature areas , for the sake of full world simulation . it should , however , be lowering the amount of world which is cold . the way weighed ranges and mesh sizes are thought to work is that the mesh size creates a grid of lines on the map . at each intersection of the lines , a value for a given property is randomly chosen , with weighting accounted for . the tiles between the intersections are then smoothed between adjacent values . adjusting the mesh size will change the size of homogenous areas . weighted range has no effect on height of volcano . to be honest , i am not sure what effects that . i suspect it just takes advantage of existing terrain . volcanos can only exist in tiles with 100 volcanism .
i do not know about any long-term ramifications ( i doubt there are any ) but . . . if you give the ring to harold ( actually it says you will sell him the ring ) , he will thank you and reward you with 100g . your journal will update that he headed for the docks immediately to return to his family in skyrim but i found him still lounging around the inn a day later , swilling ale and munching on a hunk of bread . reload , give the ring to svea ( 'scuse me , " sell " the ring to her ) . . . she thanks you , gives you a 300g reward and asks you to take the ring and armor to rangarr to have it repaired . interestingly , at this point i saw harold headed out of town , maybe going to the docks to return to his family ? i would have gladly given him some money myself to help them out but i could not interact with him in any way . anyway , after waiting around for about 3 hrs , you pick up the armor and take it back to svea , who gives you another 100g reward and asks you to present it to gabrial for her . guess she has a crush on him . : )
the game crashes in haemar 's shrine if you have already completed " a daedra 's best friend " . bethesda have announced a fix for this issue in the skyrim 1.4 patch .
there is a walkthrough i found on youtube , and this particular room is covered starting at 5:25 . it appears that you are able to step/run across the gaps without having to jump , which allows you to easily reach the elevator platform in the center .
no , it does not . the " weapons and armor can be improved by x%" is only improving what you would already be able to make at smithing level 100 . if you are trying to get your smithing to go over 100 , you need " fortify smithing by x points . " according to the uesp , there are two items that will guarantee you find an item with the fortify smithing enchantment . here 's one . and here 's two . it is worth noting that the second one is a random radiant quest , so you may not get it on your first attempt . edit i was mistaken , there is no " fortify smithing by x points . " the fortify smithing enchant only does the " weapons and armor can be improved x% better . " however , even though your smithing skill will not go over 100 , you will still get the benefits from the enchantment . for example , if you were to make a legendary dagger at 100 smithing , it might come out with , say , 14 damage . if you were to use your equipment to fortify your smithing and make the same dagger , you might get something to the effect of 20 damage , depending on what % of an increase there is from your gear/potions .
taken straight from the wiki found here , the tavern is in upper rain . in order to get to through the gate to upper rain , do the following : you need to travel to david 's house ( use the map ) . from there on move to the right and then upwards . you will enter a screen with a gorge kill all the enemies and move to the right ( to vivienne 's cottage ) . enter the house and take her with you . walk back to the gorge and move to the left . you will meet the paranoid mayor of rain . once you scared his guards off , he will drop the city key . hopefully this helps !
it is been a while since i have been at that scene , but the ultimate resource back then was the mud connector . in particular , it has an advanced search page you can use to filter muds with a specific number of players online on average ; for example , performing a search with the "100+ players " checkbox selected shows 23 muds . notice that that search page is a bit clunky , for example some options are selected by checkboxes instead of radio buttons even when only one option is allowed i believe the site 's database depends mostly - if not entirely - on the feedback from the muds themselves . so if a mud 's admin do not update it often you may find that it has less or more players than advertised , and it is possible some popular muds might not be listed at all . despite these two caveats , this site was pretty accurate and popular back when i last used it . . . admittedly that was like a decade ago , but i hope it is still up-to-date and would help you too . edit i understand you already checked that site ; i guess that when using the mud connector , it is important to pay careful attention to the " updated " date for the mud . for example , of these 23 muds mentioned above , only around 5 have been updated in the last 18 months ; so i would skip the others and check these directly . indeed , one of those 5 , called the 3 kingdoms , offers an browser-accessible " who list " which , at the time of writing this , lists 90 players currently online .
i believe that once they have their leashes on them , they cannot be re-tamed , so you are going to have to find a new wolf with your friends , and make sure that they have the bones instead
there is technically three types of powers in mass effect : active powers , grenades and passive abilities . active powers a single global cooldown . a skill either activates the global cooldown or it does not . skills that do not activate a cooldown are only limited by how quickly you can perform the action ( the time it takes to switch ammo/throw a grenade ) . most powers listed as a base power here qualify as active . these are your standard attacks and always cause a cooldown . passive powers are always active and do not have cooldowns , simple enough . ammo powers are technically passive , and you can always switch ammo regardless of cooldown . tech armor is basically a passive power unless you detonate it . grenades do not use a cooldown either , and if something seems like an " active " power and it does not activate the cooldown , that is because it is technically a grenade . proximity mines , nova and sentry turrets are all technically grenades . nova has a " cooldown " that is actually based on your biotic barrier ( the purple " shield " vanguards have ) . you can not use nova if your biotic barrier is empty , but it otherwise ignores cooldowns like a grenade .
since it is not a single point talent , it does not grant a new ability . instead , it modifies your flame orb ability to do frost damage instead and add a chill . the first rank of the talent explains this .
i always use the motocross bike on the moon stage . when fully upgraded the motocross bike spins very quickly ( courtesy of the mid-air control upgrade ) , and when combined with the low gravity of the moon you can get up to 20,000 coins each time you leave the ground . the moon stage is also described as good for farming ( coins ) on the wiki : its main characteristic is low gravity . it is also very useful for farming as air times are usually 10000+ . image from the wiki
no this is the way they made it which is pretty lame especially on hdtv , but hey you can now run and shoot .
galactic readiness has no effect on multiplayer . that does not quite cover it though ; there is no galactic readiness in multiplayer ( you earn it , but it does not change anything ) . galactic readiness exists solely within single player . but , if you have maxed glactic readiness , you get an xp bonus at the end of a match instead of a readiness boost .
yes , to answer the question in the title . no , to answer the question at the end of your post . nethack is effectively turn-based . you perform your action , other entities in the game perform theirs .
in plain simcity 4 , sims will take the shortest route by distance to their location . this leads to some rather illogical travel paths where sims will take the overburdened street and ignore your empty 6 lane highway right next to it . the only way around this is decentralisation . do not just have an industrial third , commercial third and residential third to your city , have several zones dotted around . mass transit also helps , but again there is a tendency for sims to ignore it . spamming bus stations is the easiest way to get mass transit going . there is a mod called the network addon mod that fixes this issue by making sims take the shortest route by time to their location . it also gives you far more options for transport . decentralising your zones also helps with nam installed , but you can also work by having some redundancy too - like having a subway and highway going to the same location . this works far better under nam than under plain simcity , where sims will only ever avail themselves of one option , regardless of how overused it is .
rule number one when taking on a big project : do not do it alone ! recruit some friends to help you out . you can use a pixel based editor ( photoshop , paint , etc . ) to plan your constructions out . each pixel can be one block and then you just design what you want . i do not know of any off the top of my head but scripts can help if you plan to do vrey repetitive actions . stuff like backing up while placing blocks to create a wall . i am sure there are macros that would let you capture keyboard/mouse commands which you can use to build your structures .
no there is no way to change your patron god . source : i found the same question you asked on the official forum of the game and all replies to this question were negative . i would not worry about it thought because patron god bufffs do not really make much of a difference , while i do agree that 1% experience buff is almost un-noticable other god buffs are not really that great either . some of the better god buffs are those 5% additional mana/hp and if you do some calculations you will see that those 5% really make almost no difference
skills that state "% weapon damage " will deal the elemental damage from a weapon . skills that state "% weapon damage as ( element ) " will not . so the weapon 's fire damage would come through with spectral blade , but not with magic missile or ray of frost . if the skill deals fire damage , either " naturally " or from a weapon effect , it should activate conflagration . some sources here , here , here .
the demon hunters pet is , as you put it , ' a dot on wheels ' . they cannot be attacked or interacted with in any way , but are instead simply a fire and forget source of extra damage ( and buffs ! )
by pressing g you can place your banner to a desired location , in early versions of beta it served exactly the purpose you mentioned . . . unfortunately they removed it since it was too abused , now it is used just to show others your banner and to " ping " your allies on the map .
here a list of all of them and how to unlock them .
no , you can not . tutorial is made to practice the fatality that it says , not any other one . if you want to do other fatalities , you have to play other mode , not the tutorial . the list of fatalities can be found in the menu ( moves list ) or somewhere online ( there are more than enough sites with the moves for all the characters )
power increases the damage and healing done by your character you can see its impact by hovering your cursor over the power stat in your character sheet ( the " c " key ) . for instance , mine says " contributes to : damage and healing bonus +167.5" also , look at the powers tab within your character sheet . that shows the actual damage/healing ranges for a given power using your current equipment/skills . if you slot a weapon with more or less power you can gauge the impact it has on your powers .
in the options menu , you can select a player indicator to be shown over your character 's head . only works in online multiplayer or playing against bots though .
if i recall correctly , the controls only differ in the fact that B is melee , and RB is change grenades . also , there is no halo 3 mapping that is similar to the default halo reach mapping . if it was the other way around it would be different . the Recon mapping in halo reach is similar to the default halo 3 mapping . the closest you will get is the default halo 3 mapping . this is all going based on memory though ( i am currently lending my halo 3 copy to a friend ) , so i could be incorrect ( i will let you know when i get my copy back ) .
i decided to purchase the full class unlock . i was able to switch my phone to airplane mode and was still able to play the game as normal .
if you right-click a tamed wolf , it will sit . this prevents it from following you . further details can be found in the minecraft wiki article on wolves , specifically on the movement section .
replacementdocs . com offers the manual for download ; but it is in . pdf format , unfortunately .
it could be many things , but one thing to check : your graphics card is actually turned on . my system has nvidia optimus ; however , brand new games are often not on its list , so the video card does not activate . to manually add a new game to its list ( at least on my machine that is running windows 7 ) : make sure the machine is plugged in search for and open " nvidia control panel " ( you can also right click the desktop to get to it ) in the treeview on the left , choose 3d settings -> manage 3d settings . if this option does not appear you may not have plugged in the machine . if it still does not appear , try rebooting . under " i would like to use the following 3d settings " , switch to the " program settings " tab click " add " navigate to the location of the new game . for broken age on steam , my machine put it into C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\Broken Age ; select the game .exe and click " open " check the game now appears in the program list and is currently selected from the dropdown just below the program list , switch it to " high performance nvidia processor " . if you do not have optimus on your machine , other suggestions : check all pre-requisites , e.g. video card drivers , directx , etc , are up to date . . .
compare ken 's pattern in column 4 vs other characters . column 4 must be cleared to allow more blocks to be played . consider full pattern and half pattern x2 attacks . if ken drops his full pattern , you require 4 different color breaks . if ken drops half pattern x2 , you need 2x2 ( r , g , r , g ) color breaks . there you have it really , ken 's pattern attacks column 4 as hard as devilot and akuma , but without the damage penalty . ken 's pattern : ryu 's pattern ( note the easy to attack column 4 ) : you might be playing puzzle fighter hd , which seems to have had balancing changes according to this article . if the article is correct , much of this column 4 analysis still holds : ken still better than akuma and devilot ( just a little less so ) . ryu brought up into the rest of the pack , now is better than dan . hsien-ko now as good as ken ( aka overpowered ! )
the answers to that are highly situational depending on the map , the matchup and the current phase and state of the game . i can only give rules of thumb , in some situations it might be better to do the opposite . the most important factor for tank micro is focus fire . have your tanks on a separate hotkey to shoot and the most important stuff first . as an example if there are lings and banelings rolling in , tell your tanks to shoot into the center of the baneling clump instead of the lings that are closer to the tanks , this will a . prevent tanks from damaging your own marines and b . protect your marines from damage so they can clean up afterwards . if you want to advance towards his base , for example to turn a contain into a kill , unsiege 2-3 tanks at a time and move the forwards about 1-2 tank lengths , then siege them again . while they are moving , you can order more groups of 2-3 tanks forward as long as you still have half your tanks sieged . obvious , but for completeness sake : unless you need some protection in the rear , start moving forward with the tanks in the back . i found the fastest way to move tanks forward is to press d ( unsiege ) , rightclick to where they should go , then e ( siege ) all while holding shift , this makes tanks unsiege , move and siege again without requiring more input from you . keep tanks spread out in groups of 2-3 in range of each other , about 2-3 tank length away from the other groups . it takes 2 shots to kill most small units ( marines/banelings ) and 3 for the common armored ( roaches/marauders ) , so grouping them in those small groups increases the chances of each group shooting at a seperate target for maximum killing power . against enemy tanks you might want to keep about a tank length distance between the individual tanks . have groups of marines spread to cover against mutalisks or banshees . about 10 marines should be close enough to all tanks to reach them with stim before mutalisks or banshees can kill more than one or two tanks . do not have all your marines chase the opponent 's air units , it will leave you open for attack on the other side . maintain tank spread by moving the groups of tanks individually . if there is any danger of getting attacked , do not unsiege all tanks , a-move and then siege again , your tanks will be clumped up and easy to pick off by flanks , burrowed infestors or ling runbys . for tvz , once you reach creep , never have more than half your tanks unsieged . as long as you do not know where his army is , do not move forward . siege up in key positions , for example the center highground on antiga shipyard and from there concentrate on dropping and harassing with small groups of units . after you won a trade with a significant portion of your army left , move forward . keep in mind that in tvz , the zerg can reproduce zerglings very fast , so do not get greedy and unsiege everything . if you reach ~150-170 supply and have added more factories and barracks to reproduce faster , start leapfrogging forward and force the opponent to trade against sieged tanks .
according to original research by our friends at teamliquid : the bonus pool accrues at a rate of 1 point per 2 hours , whether the player or team is active or not . the bonus pool also begins building based on when the ladder season began . that is , if player a was placed into a division and started with a bonus pool of 100 , then 24 hours later player b placed into a new division , player b 's bonus pool would be 112 . this means it does not matter when you join the ladder your bonus pool will be as if you joined at the start of the season . you will notice this was last updated august 11th
the zen garden - automation page/section from plants vs . zombies wikia answers your question : [ after feeding a piece of chocolate to the snail ] he will become extremely hyper and continue to collect coins at a high rate of speed ( for a snail ) for about an hour . however , he cannot be fed more than one piece of chocolate at a time . as weird as it is , you can also feed chocolate to your plants , causing them to drop coins more quickly . [ after plants start glowing in a gold aura , and without using chocolate on them ] the drop rate starts out relatively high , and decreases as the day progresses . [ … ] as stated previously , plants drop more often right when they become happy ; as a result , chocolate is best given at that time , when they give the maximum increase . you say you would like to leave the zen garden open while you sleep , however i do not know if that is a good idea : it will glow with a gold aura ( signifying that the plant is " happy" ) [ … ] and then drop coins and occasionally diamonds for the rest of the day . i do not know what happens to the zen garden right after the midnight . i know that closing the game before the midnight and opening it after the midnight will make the zen garden " reset " to all plants needing watering . i do not know if the same happens if the game is left open during the midnight . finally , the same page from that wiki says that you can move the mushroom and aquatic plants into the main garden section ( if they are already happy/glowing ) , and they will still drop coins even in the " wrong " environment . read that page for more details .
in dark souls 2 you can consider infusions and the +n upgrades as two separate properties of the weapon . for example , if you have a +10 claymore and infuse it with lightning , you will have a +10 lightning claymore . further , you can " uninfuse " it and it'll go back to just a +10 claymore . there is no upgrading of the infusions themselves . that said , if you infuse a less than +10 weapon , you can still continue upgrading it to +10 with titanite , and it will retain its infusion as you upgrade it . whether or not to infuse a weapon is another question . each infusion does something different to the weapon . something like lightning will take away some of the base damage on the weapon and replace it with lightning damage . this also affects the scaling . a purely strength based character probably would not want to infuse with lightning , since doing so would likely lower the scaling off of strength and add scaling for lightning ( which is affected by faith ) . a strength/faith hybrid build might do a lightning infusion , though . there is so many combinations , and each type of infusion works differently ( raw increases base damage but lowers scaling , mundane adds scaling based on your lowest stat , etc ) . my best advice would be to experiment with different types , as there is not necessarily a " right " answer ( keep in mind that you can preview the changes before you actually go ahead with the infusion ) . it depends a ton on your build and playstyle .
each enemy hero you capture will grant your faction an additional 3 action points every turn . the only downside of capturing an enemy hero is that he can be freed by his faction , but if you have a secure location to hold him capturing should be your preferred option .
just did this today on normal . i killed them both very quick but the pilot still died as the 2nd one exploded so do not think you can save the pilot or maybe i was just a second to late . i do not think i could have taken them down much faster since i play an infiltrator with maxed disruptor ammo , tactical cloak and operational mastery all focusing on max head shot damage . i am using a black widow v with extended barrel iv and enhanced scope v and this gear :
if you spare balak in me1 , he will sabotage the alliance . alliance 3rd fleet -10 however , if convince him to work with you in me3 , he will contribute to the war . batarian fleets +15 so the net effect is +5 to total military strength .
i do not think so , based on most of my encounters . . . .
these weapons are given once to every character , and yes , they are always all level 1 weapons . the intent is supposed to be to give new characters a small boost during the very first parts of the game where you had normally only have a single crummy pistol . they just happen to also be given to existing characters unchanged when you buy the appropriate dlc .
i have had a crack at implementing my first civ mod to solve this problem : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=169154575 currently a bit of quick and dirty hack , but it works . it adds another menu item " antiquity sites only " , which as you can here means that only antiquity sites resource icons are shown . source code : https://github.com/therefromhere/civ5antiquityiconsmod
unfortunately i do not believe that you can in the replay . however , the data can be mined from a combination of sources . you can look at the unit window at the end of the game and see how many harvesters they have and then compare it to the number of workers created at the score summary . this only helps if you have the game still in your recent game history in which you can see the score screen which you should if you are looking at a game you just played . edit : your other option is to watch the income overlay along the left hand side during the course of the replay . it shows you the number of harvesters at that moment in time so as the game goes on you can see how many they currently have . you will still need to do math to see what they started at and what they have fallen to after an attack to get " workers killed " in a skirmish , but you will not have a running tally unless you go with the good old pen/paper method along with that .
from the manual : 4.3 development paths training – the primary development path . to begin another path , you must spend at least six talents on the talent path abilities . .
no , the only way too completely assimilate a nation , is trough conquest . like you said , the other option is to offer them client state status , but that is not what you are looking for .
high and g rank armors can be recoloured , as indicated by the square next to the equipment . the colour indicates what colour it currently is . you can recolour the equipment via your equipment box , by going to manage appearance &gt; change armor pigment . note though , that this does not change the entire colour scheme of the armor .
this is a glitch relating to the updating of blocks . in short , the issue is that when the powered rail is placed , it does not check to see if the block it is on is already powered , but keeps its state until a nearby block updates , such as might happen when you place a redstone torch that would power it . when that redstone torch is removed again , the track checks to see if it still powered , and , realizing that it is , stays on . ( c . f . the glitch that would give free power to tracks placed on a slope when one was removed from a chain of powered rails ) . anything that causes the track to be updated should make the track powered ; such as placing the tracks sequentially from bottom to top , meaning that the initial state of the powered rail will be flat : when the next rail is then placed , pulling the end of the powered track up , it updates and gets power . another alternative , as dan f mentioned , is to simply place the torch after the rail .
krong is completely random . however , if an artifact is already an artifact , he is more likely to try to increment an existing statistic as opposed to giving you a new one .
there is no version of civilization 5 for the xbox 360 . there is civilization : revolution , but it is a completely different game . even if there were , it is fairly rare that pc and xbox 360 players can play multiplayer together . i can think of perhaps a handful of games where this is the case . so the answer is no , you can not play civilization 5 between a pc and the xbox 360 .
i am pretty sure this one should work .
it is temporary . i got it january 27th and it expired february 3rd . simple answer .
dragonvale wiki entry for ruby dragon : the ruby dragon can only be bred by selecting a chrome dragon to mate with a scorch dragon at the breeding cave/epic breeding island . their breeding time is 31 hours
in the latest snapshot of 1.8 , this has become really easy . here 's a view of the redstone ( the piston is sticky ) : those furnaces have to be something that can not be pushed by a piston , a furnace is the cheapest , but you can also use obsidian . top view : everything covered up :
you will be at no disadvantage other than your ocd will be screaming at you for not clearing every last bit . regardless of how much you clear , the end goal remains unaltered : reach the data cores and completely rid them of their viruses . whether it is " just enough " or " reaper virus dead to the last " , it makes no difference in dialogue or story . which means i wasted a solid hour in there for no reason .
try this : go to your control panel , click programs , go to default programs and click " set your default programs . " in the left side of the screen , choose your internet browser ( the one you normally use to open battlelog ) and below the info box , click " set this program as default . " ( source ) if this does not work , you can try disabling your firewall ( you may have to uninstall before disabling , though ) .
if it is the one i am thinking of , it is called inspirational stories you can obtain this mission any time after the assault on the citadel . located in the supply bay holding all of the refugees of the war all it is , is a quest given by a salarian asking you to capture how the war is affecting the refugees where you just go around the area and interact with a few areas with civilians around and then return to him ( similar to the " scan the keepers " mission in me1 ) it is nothing special and flashy , sadly . from me wiki entry , linked above : after solik presents his requests , there are three photo opportunity locations you need to take in the docks . -at the memorial hall where a salarian is consoling a grieving woman . -the area between bay e24 and bay e26 , where a woman is having a conversation with a batarian . -the area between bay e26 and bay e28 , where james is playing poker with three other players . there are also two other photo opportunity areas located at the crates in the memorial hall and a turian security officer at bay e26 . however , the footages are unsuitable for solik 's film and he will ask you to look for other photo opportunities . note : there appears to be a glitch or a limit to the available photo opportunities where the option do not appear at the players playing poker . to resolve the issue , reload to a save game before the mission and do not take any unsuitable footage as mentioned above but go directly to the three locations instead . after taking the photos , return to solik and give him the footage . you will receive 5 reputation , 210 experience and 5000 credits .
well , maybe the usual spot for your base is in the wrong place then . if you simply can not reach food from there , find a place where you can . rabbits are pretty good early on . berries are good , as you mentioned , but are not going to be enough on their own . forage for them early on , but later you should dig them up and move them to your base . if you see a bird , move towards it to scare it off -- they drop seeds at a decent rate . if you are still in a starvation situation , eat the seeds , otherwise you can combine them with manure to start farming . monster meat is edible , but it does damage . early on , if you are having trouble getting enough food , keep in mind that you can eat monster meat at full health followed by a couple berries . over the next couple days , regular eating should heal you up enough to recover to where you can do this again if need be . getting manure for farms will help , but since it still takes a seed and farms grow pretty slowly , this probably will not solve all your problems . tallbird eggs are amazing , if you can find them . all food should be cooked before you eat it -- it will go a lot further this way . throughout the game , but especially early on , keep in mind you will need to rely on many types of food source . always keep an eye on your map for berry bushes . always approach birds for seeds . always grab carrots . if you see a rabbit straying from his hole , hunt it . unless you happen upon several tallbird nests within a comfortable walk of each other , you are not going to find a single stable food source .
you need to switch to hermione , she can throw some spells at the goblins .
the fastest way to reduce your sanity reliably is to eat green mushrooms , if you have them available . they can be found in forests and the savannah , can only be picked at dusk and reduce your sanity by 50 points , with no hp loss . with 1-2 raw monster meat pieces on top of that you will become insane in no time , just remember that monster meat deals damage when eaten . the only thing that gets close to that amount of sanity loss is a grue ( a . k.a. the night monster ) attack , that reduces your sanity by 20 , but that is risky , since a couple of hit in short succession can easily kill you . when you are done harvesting your nightmare fuel , you can quickly gain sanity by sleeping in a tent : at a whooping 50 sanity gained per use it will easily soothe your shaken nerves letting you finally get some good nights of sleep after facing your nightmares . if you are having problems getting the spider silk required by tents , you can always create straw rolls , that let you get 33 sanity per use . happy hunting !
the novice , apprentice , adept , and expert level spells are gotten from purchasing them ( or in some cases , you can get them for free as loot or a reward ) . the master level spells are acquirable generally after you complete your school-specific quests as a member of the college of winterhold . perks do not add spells to your repertoire : they simply enhance the ones you already have .
there are definite synergies between various classes and certain weapon types . first of all , many powers and abilities only work with specific weapons , or give special bonuses when used with specific weapons . for instance , vanguards have access to a number of bonuses to shotgun damage , and soldiers have access to several assault rifle upgrades . infiltrators have access to lots of sniper rifle synergies . additionally , only soldiers and infiltrators experience the ' time dilation ' effect when looking down the scope of a sniper rifle - this is invaluable for setting up headshots . finally , different classes have different weight allowances . because some weapon types - notably assault rifles and sniper rifles - are much heavier than others , trying to carry one with a class with a low weight capacity ( like an adept ) will result in a large penalty to your power recharge times . this is an important tradeoff , since these classes essentially live and die by effective use of their powers . tl ; dr : while you are not required to use certain weapon types , there are definite rewards for specializing in something suited to the combat style of your class .
go to beach back road , backroad is a flashing step . in there you will find a different flashing step towards the top and that is crab cove . : )
no you do not . you merely need to open the book to the first page . you should read the whole thing though . the lusty argonian maid is quite a ripping yarn .
do you end up on network or playstationnetwork menu ? if you always start on the what is new menu , you can change this in settings > system settings > display [ what is new ] and set it to off . reference in the manual .
it seems that it does take a static number of candies for odus to fall , but that this number varies by level . sometimes it takes 6 , other times it takes 12 ( or more ? ) . the key point here it that for a given level , that amount will be the same . so , if you are having trouble with a level , it may help you to ' waste ' a life figuring out how much leeway you have until he falls off .
it appears the question was about pokémon red , blue , and yellow specifically . almost every pokémon had their movepools and the levels they learnt moves changed from gen i to the advanced generation ( gen iii ) , so here is a list of the pokémon that learnt moves as they levelled up within the gen i games ( solely red , blue , and yellow ) : charmeleon to charizard , level 36 , wing attack caterpie to metapod , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) metapod to butterfree , level 10 , confusion ( only yellow , not red or blue ) weedle to kakuna , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) mankey to primape , level 28 , rage ( only yellow , not red or blue ) poliwag to poliwhirl , level 25 , doubleslap bellsprout to weepinbell , level 21 , stun spore slowpoke to slowbro , level 37 , withdraw magikarp to gyarados , level 20 , bite dratini to dragonair , level 30 , slam ( information compiled from serebii .net's rbygsc pokédex ) .
from the wiki to do this , place a red soapstone sign anywhere in the castle in one of the areas around the 2 last bonfires and in time you will be summoned . you are more likely to be summoned if you replace your sign every ten seconds or so , rather than leaving it alone on the ground . this also minimizes your chances of being summoned by a player . you do not have to place it in king 's passage . it is also possible to get summoned by the looking glass knight by using a cracked red eye orb .
the answer is b or c depending on what you mean with 100 damage : if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to the creep you are about to hit for whatever reason , then sleight of fist does not matter at all and the calculation is : 100x ( cleave% ) x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) = 100x ( 50% ) x ( 150% ) = 75 damage . the answer is b if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to heroes , then the calculation is tricky and requires to know the level of sleight of fist you have because it deals both bonus damage to heroes and 50% of normal damage to creeps . the answer is c i guess your question was regarding the interaction of quelling blade and cleave , and sleight of fist is not really necessary here as it is just a source of confusion . the answer is : cleave and quelling blade do stack , if you are late in the game and you happen to have cleave% x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) > 1 ( disregarding armor ) you are better off hitting creeps than heroes if you have the chance to . note that it is not reliable with sleight of fist as you do not have a lot of control over the angle you hit the creeps from .
the short answer is , skill boosting affixes will boost secondary effects from those runes as well . for instance , an affix that boosts punish will also boost the damage caused by the fire explosion when blocking ( roar rune ) . and whirlwind skill boost will cause the tornados to do more damage . the only thing i am not sure of is whether or not having a skill boosting your hatred spender ( such as cluster arrows ) will boost the ca being cast by the sentry . i suspect that damage is still tied to your sentry skill , so if you had sentry affix gear it'll boost the damage .
conserving ammunition in re4 comes down to several things . aim for the head ( or other vulnerable body part e.g. tentacles ) headshots cause the most damage to most types of enemies , more damage = less spent ammunition exploit context sensitive attacks after shooting a ganados in the head you have the opportunity to kick them in the chest causing a fair amount of damage . later on in the game , leon can perform a suplex on enemies after shooting them in the knee . suplexes cause massive damage , as well as looking awesome , so do them as often as possible . hit em while they are down after knocking an enemy down with a shotgun or a kick you can run up them and slash them with your knife . balance this with the situation you are in as you may incur damage from being too reckless . upgrade your gun 's damage as soon as possible self explanitory , more damage = less spent ammunition do not reload a gun unless you have to every time you upgrade a gun 's ammunition capacity at the vendor it comes with a fully loaded clip regardless of how many bullets were in there to begin with . therefore , only upgrade a gun 's ammo capacity when the clip is empty . specialize your weapons each weapon has a role and may not be needed in a level , however , you may need ammunition for that weapon for a future level . in circumstances where you can get by with just your pistol . store your shotty and just carry your pistol and your magnum in your inventory . this will cause magnum ammo to spawn at a greater rate than if you had a large assortment of guns in your inventory . then you can store the whole lot at your next sanctuary where you will need it for the next boss battle . use grenades like a suplex grenades are effective and awesome . if you can take out 3 or more enemies with a single grenade you are making money . buy the rpg the rpg will save you a ton of ammunition on those difficult boss battles . the one that comes to my mind is that crazy plant child thing .
it may be possible only when the transfer window is open . in real life , the summer transfer window for the eredivisie seems to run from july 1 through august 31 or september 1 , and the winter transfer window runs from january 1 through january 31 . if you are not currently in a transfer window , you may not be able to ask your agent to start negotiations with a team .
short answer : it depends . long answer : if you are simply trying to stop casting of a spell with no following action , then moving is just fine and is preferred so you do not waste a keybinding on doing essentially the same thing . if you want to stop casting as part of a macro that is going to do something else like " fire off an emergency heal " , then using the /stopcasting command is better .
just build the deep sea warehouse , to do this you need to put the required materials ( 8 building modules and 4 tools ) on a sub , submerge it and make it move to the underwater island , then the option to build the warehouse appears . what the game means by you can only have one deep sea warehouse per underwater island is that you can only have 1 deep sea warehouse on each underwater island .
each element has its own attack side effect , which has a chance to occur on each hit . some of them are hinted at in the loading screen tips . ice attacks have a chance to freeze , which slows down movement , attack , and cast speed by 33% for a few seconds . poison attacks have a chance to poison , which reduces damage and all armor by 33% electric attacks have a chance to shock , which causes the afflicted enemy to emit electric bolts that damage more enemies every time it is hit . fire attacks have a chance to burn , which is fire damage over time that ignores armor . note that these all have a chance to occur on elemental attacks from any source , including skills . elemental gems give you these effects only as a direct consequence of giving your weapon an additional elemental attack type .
in rome total war a lot of factions tend to be weaker . gaul is certainly one of them especially if you are playing rome . a ceasefire is essentially saying , " leave us alone please , we can not take it anymore . " you have four options , you can either : take the ceasfire and not attack them . this choice it stupid and pointless , if you were beating on them you probably want them off the map for good . ask for a a demand of denari per year or in a lump sum and leave them alone for a little while . ( they will usually eventually break the ceasefire ) . they will most likely accept the demand at a price of you allowing the ceasefire . ask for a demand and when all the money is payed compleltey erradicate them like a man . deny the ceasefire and completley erradicate them . personally , gaul always annoyed me and was always an easy wipe so i would take the ceasefire demand money and then destroy them . thats the traditional rtw way . also , diplomacy in rtw is kind of broken , so there is really no negative connotations to breaking your ceasefire besides of course the faction in question getting mad and maybe their allies . which gaul tends to have no allies becasue they are barbaric crazy people . diplomacy in rtw is mostly just to beef up your trade routes until you destroy everyone around you . never let your allies get to powerful though ! you will have to take them over eventually if you want to dominate the whole map .
for both followers and non-follower npcs , any quest-reliant companions will continue with you on any quests in which they are relevent - initially , this includes the templar , the scoundrel , and the enchantress ( all for different quests ) . at that point in time , regardless of whether or not you are playing multiplayer , they are not actually considered " a follower " - you cannot adjust their abilities or inventory . after they have been recruited as your follower , it will prompt you as to whether or not you wish to keep them . if not , you can hire them again in town any time you are playing alone in a game . if you are playing with multiple players , followers cannot be hired . if you have a follower when you game switches from single player to multiplayer ( i.e. . someone joins your game or you join someone else 's game ) , your follower will be " un-hired " ( teleported back to town , where you can re-hire them next time you are alone again ) . as mentioned by @hurda in the comments , when all co-op players leave , the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion , who will join you again without having to go back to town . tl ; dr you cannot hire a follower in multiplayer , and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players , the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire .
there is another similar but broader question here . the answer left unresolved your particular question - what happens to roads you build in other players borders . short answer : roads inside a civilization 's territory are paid for by the owner of the territory . roads outside any borders ( neutral territory ) are paid for the constructor of the road . so you can theoretically wage economic warfare by building roads in other players land . also another nugget - roads that used to be in a civilization 's borders ( aka when a city is razed ) are free - nobody pays for them . sources : some empirical work with screenshot from a hot seat game on settler difficulty , so 3 roads = 1 gold . you pay for roads outside your territory - 6 roads here owner of territory pays for roads you build in their territory ( view from both sides - 9 roads built by teal , 3 in blue , 3 neutral , 3 in teal ) and nobody pays for roads that used to be in someone 's territory ( screwed up the screenshot from the original owner 's side , so you will have to take my word for it ) [ insert missing screenshot ] also , some quick digging around in the sdk source code . since my digging was somewhat cursory , there might be some more edge cases around . the relevant code files and functions in the sdk are : ChangeBaseImprovementGoldMaintenance() in CvTreasury.cpp , which is called in a variety of functions in CvPlot.cpp to remove and add maintenance cost when plot ownership changes , such as setOwner() - note that when ownership is taken of a plot ( aka plot becomes part of a civilization 's territory ) , the variable tracking the original constructor is set to nobody setRouteType() - called by changeBuildProgress() when a road is completed , which also calls SetPlayerResponsibleForImprovement() if the road is built outside anyone 's territory setPlotCity() - only seems to be used when a city is about to be razed , called by PreKill() in CvCity.cpp
this is not a glitch . most siege weapons get the +200% bonus against cities . ( presumably , so they are more effective against cities than they are as imprompteau ranged units ) . battering rams get +300% , though , which is where i think your confusion might be coming from . rocket artillery
there is a location a lot closer where you can find the slow and dry moving zombies . and that is if you go from norma 's house , to the street and turn right following the street till you reach a fence . reaching the beach and close to pyramid point . past the fence are cultists , and walking around in that area are called ( reawakened , or something else will check later on ) warrior . these count as dry and slow zombies . in that location you can get both the cultists and slow and dry . i will post a screenshot later on .
perhaps this answer to a similar question about how tourism money goes to your city coffers will help explain it . they are likely very similar , if not identical . does profit from the tourist attraction culture buildings go to the city coffers ?
sadly , no , there does not appear to be a way to check your follower 's cooldown timers . as far as i know , the portrait and the follower panel are the only methods of getting data about your follower 's current status . i tested this with my templar , by giving him a bunch of active skills and then putting him in situations where he had want to use them . his portrait does not change at all , regardless of his ability states , and there is no indication on the follower panel that any of his skills have been used .
the damage of Sudden Assault is higher , however hitting more times with Several Sided Strike means you can hit more enemies , and possibly get more crits ( which are pretty nice since some of the monk 's abilities and runes are based off crits ) personally i would go with Several Sided Strike in most cases , especially if you are using Sweeping Wind which has a chance to gain stacks for each crit , although i suppose if you really want to maximize your dps on a long boss fight Sudden Assault might be better in a long run edit : great point from domocus ' comment below , the increased amount of hits from several sided strike also provides a longer time for attacking , useful for avoiding damage while waiting for cooldowns i have used sss for the ability to be invulnerable for a short time when my heals are on cooldown , so the increased invulnerability period is quite nice . although be warned , if you are tanking and use this ability , it means you will drop aggro onto the rest of your party .
that is probably just the pal version . i have played through the ntsc one , and saw no problems at all - nor have i heard of any problems from others who have played it . chances are you are going to see the same types of bugs between the original edition and the goty edition , simply due to the fact that goty will only include the new/downloadable content that is been made available since the original 's release . if you can not play using another region code , then you could try the game on a different console , and see if the bugs propagate .
the list of minecraft mobs is maintained here . currently there are : passive bat chicken cow mooshroom ocelot pig sheep squid villager neutral enderman wolf zombie pigman tamable wolf ( dog ) ocelot ( cat ) hostile blaze cave spider creeper ghast magma cube silverfish skeleton slime spider spider jockey witch wither skeleton zombie zombie villager edit : some possible non-hostile , non-farming interactions : wolf - can be tamed using bones ocelot - can be tamed using fish sheep - cut the grass zombie pigman - play tag ( though they tend to take this the wrong way ) squid - synchronized swimming ghast - nether baseball ( they always pitch )
the vita has a built-in psp emulator . the psp games you can play you have to buy from psn first . some games offer dlc , but for some it does not work , or is not available on psn . it is all a bit sketchy . i you just want the dlc , i suggest investigating network issues to make your psp work first , if you are using wpa security , try switching to wpa2 because wpa is obsolete . if this does not work out for you , do some googling to see if others were able to get the dlc working on their vita . in short : it is most certainly possible to get the game and the dlc on your vita , but it all depends on sony if it will work or is even available .
bradygames guide gives fixed percentages for monster drops at any given hunter rank . no mention is made of percentages varying by whether you play port or village . randomness is randomness though , so while some hunters grind for hours on end just to get that one wyvern stone to finis their armor set , others get stones nearly every other quest despite having no idea what to do with so many .
he marries brynn no matter what . you can try to convince him to give shpeard a kiss , but he will not do it .
there are a few things that are different : there is a secret ending to this game , you do not have to get it in proud mode , but its much easier in proud mode as explained here you also get the " badge of pride " for beating it on proud . you also unlock the even more challenging critical mode when you beat all other difficulties . beside making the secret ending even easier to unlock that mode is just there to make u hate life , increasing damage of the enemies and actually decreasing yours . no other changes are listed per difficulty level , not even on the kh wiki article made specifically to list the differences per level by game .
this can be tricky simply because the two bars on each side move back and forth slightly , and decrease in size as you push them closer to the edge . the best time to move is when the bar is moving away from your cursor on that side . as it moves away ( towards the edge ) , push towards it slightly and it will move that way with you . be careful not to move too far or it will slide back towards you too much and go past your cursor ( and go back to the middle ) , which means you have to try it again . if you are having trouble , try doing just one at a time . once you get one side all the way to the edge , you can just leave it alone . as long as you do not move the cursor on that side , it will not go back to the middle . then you can focus on the other side . once you get both of the green bars past the lines at the edges , you will successfully break up the fight . just be patient and go slow . trying to speed through this will surely cause you to fail .
writing mp_match_end_restart "1" makes restart at the end of every round .
it was just a matter of speed in the last part . :' ( the solution is the path in light blue .
unlike some previous games you need to be logged in to the rockstar social club if you want to be able to play , even single player . ( this is for the pc steam version at least )
yes , according to steam support : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#existingsteamacc
of the available traits that affect fertility , there are none that are gender specific . given that you have so many daughters , you should be getting offers from prospective husbands . that is assuming that your daughters are of age and not already married ( or widowed ) .
the red goo balls become matches when they are used . when put near fire , they will burn and then transfer this fire down the chain . this can either be part of the goal ( burn so that something moves ) for the level or one of the hazards for the level .
you only get experience from the bonus for enemies that give experience as normal kills . summoned , resurrected , or low level enemies do not give experience , and therefore would count towards a massacre bonus , but would not contribute to the experience bonus .
the opponents you are facing are special encounters in the campaign . when you did your first encounter , there should have been a popup telling you that encounters are specifically designed this way in order to help you improve your skill at facing specific strategies . these matches are specifically labeled with encounter in front of the name of the match , like encounter : disturbing the nest and encounter : face of the ghoulcaller . encounters will always play out the exact same way . for example , during the encounter stampede ! , the ai will always play a willow elf on turn 1 , followed by a runeclaw bear on turn 2 , and so on . encounters also , as you have noted , have decks that are exempt from the limit of 4 of the same type of card . the planeswalkers you face in the campaign and other opponents , like odric , have decks that are subject to the 4 card rule . note that the game with them will also be different each time you play , in contrast to the encounters , which always play with the same order , use the same strategies and same cards .
it does seem so . i play random and got an achievement for 50 wins as random as well as the 10 wins as terran , zerg and protoss achievements .
this website has a list of every steam sale currently active , with the biggest savings at the top of the page . keep an eye on those flash deals ! screenshot : happy spending !
i use multimc , it works on windows , osx and linux and allows you to run many instances of minecraft from a single launcher . it even allows you to automatically install mods to individual instances and have different save files for different versions .
manpower is a crucial factor in creating and maintaining larger armies . from the ingame help text : manpower represents how many able men of military age your nation has available . manpower is used to recruit new troops and to reinforce armies that have suffered casualties in war . whenever you want to recruit a new troop , you have to " pay " 1,000 manpower . if you do not have enough manpower , you cannot raise new troops . when your troops lose men in fights or because of attrition , they will automatically be restocked from your manpower pool . if you do not have enough manpower available , replenishing your troops will happen a lot slower . ( capped by the speed with which your manpower regenerates ) the exception to this are mercenaries , which do not drain manpower when being built or replenished . low manpower is one of the main reasons why you would want to recruit mercenaries . to sum it up : manpower can be a deciding factor in war . you will find that if you are taking heavy losses during war you will not be able to replenish your troops fast enough or raise new troops because of low manpower . this might give your opponent the necessary edge to conquer your lands . you can find more info about the topic in the eu4 wiki entry on manpower .
for every enemy you kill , there is a chance that your damage will increase . that chance is high , but not 100% - i killed six flies and got four damage increases . it is also possible that each kill actually increases your damage , but the value that it is increased is not always enough to display another bar on the damage stat . the damage increase is only in effect for the current room , though it is possible for the game to display an incorrectly-increased damage value on rooms after leaving the room .
rift points determine 4 of the 5 skulls , but the 5th skull is dependent on the amount of time it took you to finish the level . you can check the time it took you and the par time in the statistics at the end of the level . you also must be playing on at least war mage to get all 5 skulls . at the lowest difficulty you will get far fewer . if you are aiming for 5 skulls , there are many video guides on youtube , and i also found this steam forum thread .
i do not think there is anything lost by not playing previous generations ; just buy the newest games . all the newest ds games ( diamond , pearl , platinum , heartgold , and soulsilver ) can connect to each other . the battle mechanics were hugely overhauled after the " advanced generation " ( ruby , sapphire , emerald , firered , leafgreen ) , so i would not recommend starting with those games . if you do , it will take a little time to adjust when you start playing the ds games . pokemon red , blue , yellow , green , gold , silver , and crystal cannot connect to the newer games , so if you think you will become attached to the pokemon you catch and train in them , it is not a good idea to start with them . pokemon from the gba games can be " migrated " to the newer ds games , but you need to have a ds with both a ds and gba slot ( the original ds and the ds lite ) . in short , i suggest you start with either heartgold or soulsilver , as those are the newest games .
yeah i think this is a bug brought on by the new patch that a lot of people are experiencing . i found this that explains how it happens but unfortunately the only way to fix it is to load a save from before either of these situations ( i have bolded the one which seems to match your case ) : if you select a book on a bookshelf and remove it ( rather than activating the bookshelf and removing it from the bookshelf 's inventory ) , the bookshelf becomes inaccessible . if you are putting books on the bookshelf and you add one more than it can hold , it puts it back in your inventory along with the message that the bookshelf can not hold any more books . the bookshelf then becomes inaccessible ( sometimes the books you were placing on it do not appear , making you lose them books ) . source pc users might be able to fix this using the console but i am not really experienced with it . hope that helps : )
no , it is not required . my kinect does not work , but this game still does .
no , outside of finding them as random loot , smithing is currently the only way to obtain these sets of armor . you cannot buy them from any shops .
you can change your base speed using the console , which you can open using the ~ key ( or whatever key is to the left of the number strip at the top of your keyboard ) . type player.setav speedmult x where x is the number you want for your walking speed ; the default is 100 . you can either increase or decrease this number . increasing it higher will result in super fast running which man ruin the reality of the game . i would recommend player.setav speedmult 125 . in my opinion the default running is way too fast , and the default walking is too slow . while holding alt to sprint is perfect . the only other way i know to edit these values is to open the core files , like xml with a text editor , but i will not go into that much detail here . you should be able to google it .
no you cannot . this is something unique to the boss , i have noticed some ogres do it as well , but only on the second level . the only way to move your towers ( legitimately , there may be some bug/glitch i am unaware of ) is to sell them and rebuild .
highlight the terrain , copy and paste it , but do not place the copied terrain yet . under the edit menu , use the flip and rotate options to get it symmetric .
i was one of the first people to beat endurance mode ( level 1337 ) on armor games ' leaderboards . it is not that hard once you have it set up right . i will re-paste the mini-guide i posted on jig here : the first key is to get a gem that is yellow-orange-lime . . . in a trap . you will have to 8x-amp a single tower for a while before you have a high enough gem , but once your yol gem is about grade 12 or 13 you can put it in front of the entrance and instantly fill your mana bar with dead monsters . the second key is to use giants only and summon as many as you can handle each wave while you are still setting up . for me , it was 1 gem grade per 10 waves , so 1-10 is a grade 1 gem , 11-20 is grade 2 , etc . you make a huge profit by doing this , since the giants are worth so much per kill . do not summon after 160 or so , since the natural hp of the creeps quickly starts to climb to 3.33 billion . the nice thing about this is that the max natural creep hp stays at 3.33 billion for the rest of the game . other important tips : put a blue/purple trap before your yol trap until you are comfortable that your yol can kill anything ( grade 20-21 or so ) . remember : do not summon after round 160 or so . you have been warned . get your amulets done early on in the battle . for example , it takes about 4-6 grade 19s in a shrine to kill off a monster with 3 billion hp , so save yourself the trouble . i did this for the first time on h11 , and ended up with a total multiplier of 7583 .
yes . ( source ) note that eu/au is the same region ( 1 , 2 ) . so in fact , you answered your own question with the link that says the au version is not locked :p
there is a ton of ways to get a ton of points , as you might imagine . sometimes in these objective modes people " are playing a different game " as i like to say - they are just deathmatching with no real intent on completing the goals of the game . this can drag out the rounds and make it more likely that you will score tons of points . i found a couple of videos of game replays where people had high scores though , and it seemed like they were focusing on capturing flags , using fast vehicles if available :
have you tried the ' i ' key ? in the first crysis , it was the key to turn night vision on and off . or are you referring to the ' nanovision ' ? press the ' n ' key to toggle it on or off . hope this helps !
the wiki has been updated . huzzah ! step one - applying modifiers to the enchantment level the first thing that minecraft does is apply two modifiers to the base enchantment level . each modifier is restricted to a certain range , with numbers close to the middle of the range more common than those near the ends . the first modifier is based on the item 's " enchantability , " which depends on the material and the type of the item ( see the table below ) . minecraft picks a number between 0 and the enchantability , then adds that number plus one to the enchantment level . bows have an enchantability of 1 for this purpose . shoot . . . score ! source
i do not know if you can tell from the case selection screen , but when you are in free play mode , you can check the map . street crimes you have solved are shown as gray icons ( i believe they look like a person walking ) on the map . if all you see is gray icons , you have done all the street crimes for that desk . if you see one you have not done , you can set it as your waypoint , and then you will get that crime immediately - without having to wait for the dispatcher to work its way around to that one . this really helps if there is just one or two crimes left to go on a desk , or if there is a set of them close together that you had like to tackle as a group . this guide seems to back me up , and also makes note of a couple of other caveats : how do you know which ones you have completed ? the ones you have completed show up as grey on the map and the ones you havent will be red . free roam shows all available street crimes at that time frame [ whereas ] in-story only shows when [ you are ] in the vicinity .
you certainly can , though i have not been able to do it without the help of the gear relic ( from about halfway through ) . certain stages actually provide alternate paths that may bypass checkpoints entirely ( the checkpoint before the first gryphon in king knight 's stage come to mind ) , meaning you have to backtrack a bit if you want to trigger the respawn . may i ask why you are trying to not-trigger but not-destroy the checkpoints in the first place ? is it just for the added challenge ?
i am going to assume you mean these : that is the dlc indicator . the symbols are general knoxx , moxxi 's underdome , and island of dr . ned , from left to right . if there is a checkmark by it like so , it means that the host has the dlc . if you see a black x in a red circle next to the image , like this , then the host does not have that particular piece of dlc . you can see in this particular example that the host has none of the dlc at all .
from the minecraft wiki : " lighting mobs on fire . this method deals damage slower and is less effective than using a sword , and one must click on a block below the mob rather than on the mob itself , rendering it a difficult way to kill . " so , to answer your question , i would suggest just sticking to the sword or bow . secondly , because sheep are mobs , you can light sheep on fire . they are no more flammable than any other animal or monster . ( except squid , of course )
keyboard shortcuts of civilization 5 general hotkeys general unit hotkeys action hotkeys Delete Delete Unit Ctrl+A Attack Ctrl+B Ranged S Set up Artillery H Fortify Until Healed  air unit hotkeys Alt+R Rebase Mode S Air Strike Mode Alt+S Air Sweep I Intercept N Nuke Mode  civilian unit hotkeys have fun = ) source
apparently there is a flawless strategy in civ5 and if you apply it correctly , winning on deity is rather easy . and you do not even have to make some special settings for the game . just i have to warn that its much more fun if you discover it yourself rather than get it from internet , as in that way it kind of ruins your game experience as it did to me to some level . the easiest way ( as irony man correctly pointed out ) is setting the map type to archipelago , as ai is totally hopeless on water . just expand all the time , build some naval units to fend off any aggressive ais , grab those resources , trade and develop . you should be able to get any kind of victory quite easily . you can also use continents or pangaea maps . you need to apply a flawless strategy to get a win on those . a strategy might be slightly different depending on which faction you are playing , but there are some basic rules which work for all of them . the specific faction strategy is to get the most of the special ability . that means if you are playing for english - build naval units , if you are playing for french - build a lot of small cities , if you are playing for romans - build all that is needed in rome , etc . the most important bit is a good start . i would divide it into three phases : settling . my winning initial build order is worker-settler-scout . develop technologies needed to get those resources . scout the land using your initial warrior and try to not be delayed by any spotted barbarians . settle the land to grab the luxury resources asap , but do not go too far from your capital . once you got a scout use it to discover map further and use your warrior to deal with barbarians near your cities . get liberty sp branch and citizenship sp next . at this point you just build settlers , workers and monuments in all your cities . forget about any early wonders . if you met a militaristic cs you can steal a worker from them ( they are useless ) . declare a war , capture a worker and make peace all in the same turn . on the other hand its way too easy and some people call it an exploit , so i do not usually do that . fighting . at some point you will meet other civs . be nice to them , but do not forget that they are your rivals and sadly due to a crazy inherent ai warmongering its almost impossible to make a good friend till the end of the game in civ5 . you might be able to settle 2 cities or maybe 5 cities ( depending on the map ) before you start rubbing your shoulders with other civs . discover archery and build some 2-3 archers . discover horseback riding and build some 2-3 horsemen . do not bother about infantry . once you have 5-6 units declare a war to your nearest neighbour . try to get other civs as your allies in this war for now . do not attack ! select a good defendable spot of land ( might be a river valley or similar ) , preferably inside your borders for a friendly lands fighting bonus and faster healing and get them to come . do not lose any of your units , if necessary retreat to heal . ai should send several waves of units and run out of them at some point . by that time you should have discovered mathematics and built a catapult or two . now heal your army and go and get those ai cities . raze them and leave a capital as a puppet ( annex it then you have some spare happiness ) . settle the land with your own settlers . now do the same to the next neighbour . . . developing . constantly develop your cities , prioritize them . that means that some of your cities would be appointed to making money ( if they have a lot of luxury resources nearby ) , some to making science ( if they got jungle tiles ) , some to production ( a lot of hills ) to build wonders and units , some to make culture ( none of the above advantages ) . you still need culture to adopt those all important policies even if you are not going for cultural victory . dedicating city to some task means that you build that aspect enhancing building as soon as you have it available ( markets , banks , stock exchanges for money cities , etc . ) and you appoint specialists only to that same task . still every city should have at least a monument , library , market and a coliseum . make city-state allies . preference is for not hostile ones with a luxury resource you do not have . after you make allies with several maritime cs 's you can stop building farms and better build trade posts . then make allies with cultural cs 's . forget about militaristic ones , unless they have a resource you so badly need . now if you still have not lost your army at this point you should be doing rather well and can continue playing the way you like . or if you want to be really effective and crush them all you can apply an ics ( infinite city sprawl ) strategy . this strategy is genuine and it works perfectly , but honestly i do not like it myself at all , as it takes all the fun off the game . so if you enjoy civ5 so far and want it to continue better close this post now , but if you want to further ruin your game experience read on . . the basics of ics are explained elsewhere much better than i would be able to , so i will just quote . here 's the theory behind infinite city sprawl , as written by alpaca in his infinite rome thread on civfanatics : the idea of an ics strategy is to settle cities as close as possible to leverage the additional growth , production and commerce that small cities have over large ones . in civ5 , there are a number of game mechanics that lend themselves well to this kind of strategy . to wit : 1 ) maritime city states . the bonus granted from maritime city states is per city . each adds +2 food to the city tile at the start , increasing to +4 over the course of the game . since every city benefits from this free food , a single maritime cs ally will allow you to set up two additional specialists in every in the later stages of the game . obviously , the more cities the better , because each gets the bonus . 2 ) happiness buildings . in civ5 , happiness is global . . . or is it ? in fact , only the consumption of happiness is really global . the production is local . each city can build happiness buildings , and the low-tier buildings are more efficient and more effective than the higher ones . if you have lots of small cities , each can have a colosseum and a circus where available , and some theatres . this actually rules out happiness as a long-term limiting factor and turns it into a growth-limiting factor because you need to set up these buildings in each new city . 3 ) purchasing things with gold . provided you have enough gold , you can buy buildings where and when you need them . spamming trade posts is a typical strategy , and it is possibly even better in ics . just spam trade posts , make money , and buy the buildings you need . this is especially good for the more expensive buildings which have a better gold/hammer ratio . 4 ) certain policies , like communism and much of the liberty tree , scale with the number of cities . so do some civilization abilities or buildings , like the one of harun al-rashid or the chinese paper maker . for them , you also want as many cities as possible . 5 ) research favors large empires because a tech will cost the same , no matter how many cities you have . since having more cities usually means having more science , you will tech faster . 6 ) trade route maintenance makes you want to put your cities as close together as possible . city tiles are free roads , after all . there is a significant drawback to ics which i will not hide from you : the speed of unlocking social policies . this is the only thing that is really better for small empires because , roughly , your average culture per city is what determines policy speed . since there are sources of culture that do not scale with the number of cities , like wonders and cultural cs , you will be slower at unlocking these sps , so make sure you only pick those which are most useful to you . you can find some great comprehensive examples of how it is applied here : http://www.garath.net/sullla/civ5/liberteordre.html or here : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=390302 and this one is very short and straight to the point : http://forums.civfanatics.com/showthread.php?t=388793
those are raid bosses , i believe , for level 50 content 24-man raids . you can also buy those items off of skirmish vendors ( curiousity , i think ) , which was the easiest way for me . they are expensive , but worth it .
yes , you are able to play custom sounds with command blocks using command : playsound &lt;sound&gt; &lt;player&gt; [x] [y] [z] [Volume] [Pitch] [minimumVolume]  minecraft wiki has the following description : example : sound located at .minecraft\assets\sound\mob\pig\death.ogg the value for sound would be written as mob.pig.death , as the command originates from the sound folder . for sequentially numbered files pertaining to the same event ( like various walking sounds ) , the player must exclude the number of the sound ( for example , sound located at .minecraft\assets\sound\mob\pig\say2.ogg ) . in this case , the command will play a randomly selected sound out of the three available . a player or area must be selected , and the player must be able to hear the sound from where it is played . i have no knowledge on adding more numbered sounds , but the wording of the above description makes me think it should be handled ok by the game . unless anyone else adds that information , you will have to test yourself - just add a loud scream to zombie groans and walk around for some time : )
yes , just use this script : change S and D according to your needs . this script does set the autoattack-setting from the settings menu to on when you press S and issues a stop command ( canceling your spellcast , attack ) . if you press D it will set the autoattack to off and issue a hold command ( basically the same as before ) see this video for live demonstration :
try restarting the client after downloading the maps , occasionally this happens to me on xbox , after the dlc is finished installing the game will reload the multiplayer client . unless it is the uprising playlist , in which case the developers have decided to remove it from the public match lists and included uprising to the rotation the same as nuketown and the like . other possibility is that steam saved it into a new location if you have two storage areas for bl2 .
i am assuming you mean the vines , as you speak of dirt blocks , and the vines grow from those . they do look like liane . the dirt block needs to have grass on it . and grass spreads from other grassy dirt blocks . or , you can use grass seeds , or the staff of regrowth . the only requirement i can find is just a grassy dirt block . sunlight , underground/aboveground . it all does not matter .
so , i think i will start with the tl ; dr : ~6:00 the 6 minute timing window is kind of a new thing that started with starcraft 2 . it grew out of two really nice timing pushes : 3 rax and 4 gate . one of the things protoss and terran players realized fairly early on is that if you have 3 rax or 4 gate you can make a fairly stable timing push off one base . initially these pushes came in at around the 8 minute mark . this was not because 8 minutes was a necessity , but rather because thats when players had to push or risk running into a fully functioning 2 base economy . these 1 base pushes were capped by the time it takes to get a 2 base up and running . to counter this , many zerg players moved to a 15 fe build . additionally , some protoss started going 2 gate and terran 1 rax bunker rushes . these builds exploited the weakness of the 15 fe , but also provided good pressure against the much later 8 minute 3rax/4gate builds . however , 3rax/4gate are solid numbers not because of their timing push , but because they allow you to easily monopolize a single base . in response to this earlier pressure or fe builds , people started to tighten up their 3rax/4gate , and we started seeing things like the 3zealot/3stalker push . it was in this atmosphere that gave birth to bizarre builds like 7roach rush and 3 stalker rush , because it nicely beat out a 6 minute timing push despite being dismal builds . ultimately the 6-6:30 timing mark provides a good balance of pushing fe builds when their economy is not yet running , while still providing enough troops to actually cause damage .
it is possible to avoid the first dog without alerting it or even having the yellow " interest " circle appear . you need to be on the right hand wall and as the dog travels to the far left , you can swing down and under and continue to the right along the roof without alerting the dog . in terms of the " no alarms raised " bonus , you should see the red text with the -800 score appear if an alarm is raised at all . the yellow circle of " interest " does not break the no-alert bonus .
it costs you nothing to rob a house , as long as you do not bring anything with you and you emerge with your skin intact . while the presence of money and high kill counts can indicate a particularly lethal or difficult house layout , it is far more important to just get your feet in the door so you can begin assessing the house as a target . to begin a career in home invasion , you really need to master the identification of commit traps . consider the following pair that i have constructed for this illustration : first , the metal grating is safe to step on initially , but once you move past it , it electrifies , making it impossible to return the direction you came without disabling some aspect of this construction . similarly , it is possible to pass the pit bull safely , but if you continue along the path to the top , the dog will be two steps behind you the entire way . either way , you are now committed to the path toward the vault—or to a dead end that you did not know about . the reason it is so important to be able to identify commit traps is so that you can tell exactly how far you can move safely into the property without making it impossible to escape . with this in mind , it is possible now to generalize the way you go about deciding whether a house is worth the effort : bring nothing with you on your first foray into the home . use this trip to identify any initial commit traps ; figure out what kind of tools you had need to brute-force your way into the house 's later defenses . as long as the home 's potential for profit exceeds the cost of the tools you will use to crack it , it is a worthwhile target . bare in mind that every tool you bring with you on any trip into the house is a sunk cost ; whether you get to the vault or flee in failure , you are not getting those tools back . if it makes sense to pursue this house as a target , buy your equipment and get to work ! do everything you can to figure out how this house ticks , how you can brute-force your way through if necessary , and above all , do not get trapped . if you find you have sunk a lot of money into brute-forcing your way through some of the house 's defenses , you might consider whether it is viable offing one of the owner 's family members ; any time you kill the wife or one of the children , all changes you have made to the house are recorded for future attempts . ( unless and until the homeowner can make repairs . ) iterate the last two steps as necessary . there may come a point where it is apparent that a house will cost more money to break than you have available , or it will cost more than it is worth . the sooner you can recognize that this point is going to arrive , the more money you can save by cutting your losses and moving on to another target . with that , you should be well on your way to making money at robbery ! happy hunting !
[ w ] e went with kill , streak , streak ended . &mdash ; lol ui designer and from their published screenshots here and here : single yellow sword : kill multiple blue swords : kill streak downward sword : breaking someone 's kill streak the background is if it was a kill for your team ( green ) or theirs ( red )
there should be a vent that leads to the other end of the hallway behind the turret ( where the advanced hacking tutorial is made available ) . there is also a number of cardboard boxes in the vicinity . just grab some and stack them up in front of the turret so it cannot see into the hallway . the turret will not see you as long as you stay behind the crates . after you obstruct its view , you could then return to the other end of the hallway and make your way into the room .
as a priest you need to keep in good standing with the chosen god . the " standing " is realized as " piety " . if piety drops to zero , you lose the favour of your god . orcs worship beogh . you can read up on what he appreciates and deprecates here . in short : killing orc allies , desecrating dead orcs or destryoing orcish idols will lower your piety with beogh . perhaps you ate some orc corpses ? as jack m found out himself , you also lose piety by using some of the skills granted by your god . smite , for example , costs 3 piety according to the linked wiki page .
i would personally use them for different scenarios and different points during a game of survival . it is also important to note that they have different uses depending on the map you are playing . as you reference seatown , i will talk about that first . i tend to use the predator only on the earlier rounds ( &lt ; 30 ) due to the limitation you are aware of - the inability to move . points are abundant on this map so it is easy to use a predator to wipe out the early juggernauts if you can get them to bunch up together . for juggernaut rounds > 30 i prefer to use airstrikes solely because you can ' fire and forget ' . moving around the map is very important on seatown in later waves , so this is an immense benefit . the other good thing about the airstrike is that you can team it up with flashbangs to keep a group of enemies around the spot that the strike is called in . this obviously works best with a coordinated 2 player approach - one with flashes , one with airstrike . but , on underground the predator is extremely useful in all rounds ( especially from 30+ ) to hit a group of enemies at their spawn point on the raised platform by where the two trains are parked just before the entrance to the building . ( use a predator to survey the battle field and you will see where i mean , i will try to post a link to a map later ) hitting the enemies here immediately after spawn allows you to get quad kill/kill streak/rampage quite easily and the predator effectively pays for itself . again , i find points quite abundant on this map , so it is not as important to be conservative with them . remember , if you are hitting round 39 now , to improve you want to get to round 45 or 50 then build on that . there is no point dying with $50k that you could have spent on airstrikes , predators , riot squads , body armor etc . it is important to keep a reasonable amount back for self-revies , claymores , c4 and flashbangs - but otherwise you can spend more than you think . for reference , i play on ps3 and currently sit around #500 for underground ( round 62 ) . i think my seatown best is round 51 , but working on bettering that currently .
the blizzard launcher frequently gets stuck . it will either think it needs updating and never find anything or it will think it is done updating and still need more . usually this has something to do with agent.exe not initializing properly . to fix : open your favorite flavor process manager ( crtl+shift+esc on windows ) look for agent.exe ( or agent.exe * 32 on 64-bit ) end the agent.exe process . agent.exe will then restart itself and the launcher will come to its senses .
i finally managed to get credited for this challenge . it is not the most straightforward challenge to get so you will just have to tough it out . i think the thing that made the big difference is that when you destroy their drones , it has to : be shot at . ( so no grenades or other gadgets ) be shot with a loud weapon . ( so no silent weapons ) probably one of the easiest places to get it is in one of charlie 's 4e missions , pakistani embassy and get to the 13th wave . in this wave , there will be many drone operators just sending their army of drones at you along with the usual horde of regulars , armoreds , dogs etc . it does not matter what difficulty , but it will make things easier if done on rookie . there will be many different entry points for the drone operators . however the one where i think you will have the easiest time dealing with is the one on the upper level across from the embassy which looks like a bombed out building . here 's a screenshot of me just hanging out of the windows : of all their entry points , this has the most cover for you to hide behind . a total of two drone operators will spawn there throughout the wave so whatever you do , do not kill them until the end that way you can kill the two required for the challenge together . first step is to kill everyone else until the two drone operators are the last ones left alive . the second will not spawn until much later in the wave so do not worry if you do not see him , he will be there . when everyone else is finally dead , clear out all of the drones that are still active in the map . that way the operators will send out new ones when you are ready . with all drones gone , wait until they are not alerted so the drones are not going crazy fast too soon . take cover behind the wall where they are camping . they should not see you and it should give you a good position to take a quick shot at their drones as they are launched . ( this was taken after the wave so you can not see them now ) depending on the direction they launch their drones , you might have to face the other opening . then from here , you just gotta play the waiting game . wait until they launch their drone and shoot it once to stop it . you should not shoot it again to kill it because it will take multiple drone explosions to eventually kill them . although they are heavily armored , they will eventually die after direct hits of enough explosions . i would stop maybe 2-3 drones at their feet before considering blowing them up . it might take more but you will get it eventually . when you are ready , shoot a disabled drone to get it to blow up . the operators will probably right next to eachother and the chain reaction of explosions should be enough to finally kill them both . if not , just repeat the process until they finally die and you should get the challenge .
pets come in different rarity levels , common , uncommon , rare , legendary and divine . each pet can also have up to three abilities depending on their rarity level , and the abilities are improved by feeding pets items . - rotmg wiki pets are dropped by gods and can be hatched while in the pet yard by shift-clicking on the egg in your inventory . once hatched , a pet has one ability but can be fused with another pet to unlock more . pet abilities can include heal , magic heal , attacks of various ranges and powers ( close , mid , and far ) , decoy , electric ( paralyzes nearby enemies ) and more . the healing powers are the most useful ones imo , because the damage that pets do is barely noticeable . once hatched , there is no way to lose your pet . the egg will disappear from your inventory , and if you die with it it returns to the pet yard . " feeding " your pet items will increase the level of its abilities for a cost of a little fame . the cost goes up as your pet becomes more powerful , so try to feed it only items with a high feed value . you can " fuse " your pet with another of the same type , which increases its ability cap and sometimes changes its size/shape and unlocks new abilities . never fuse your pet before its abilities have " maxed " , or it will never be able to get to its full potential . for ( much ) more information , either talk to the keeper in the pet yard or see the wiki 's page on pets . ( i have not talked about the pet yard upgrades and probably missed other things . )
personally i am using a grid of tunnels . the vertical tunnels are using every 5 block a wooden platform to jump up or down .  |L| M |L| _| |_____| |__ _ L _____ L __ | | M | | |L| |L| | | | |  l = wooden platform ( you can jump through up or down ) m = minerals
partial answer to the first part of my question : item — buying price from stew — selling price to jani — profit ( prices are with the wastelander or crimson elite armor , which both give a 5% discount on all cash purchases ) authority mg rounds — $20 — $26 — $6 bandage — $10 — $12 — $2 emp grenade — 3 pcs . for $30 — $10 — ( no profit ) he grenades — 5 pcs . for $14 — $4 — $6 per 5 pcs . viper rockets — $66 — $75 — $9 some of the items listed here are from the ' stew ' article in the rage wikia . the rest are from gameplay experience . feel free to suggest an edit to this answer to add more items , or comment if you reckon it should be a community wiki .
it depends , i like to choose a support based on the adc early game play , if the adc is squishy , let 's say for example Ezreal , i am more likely to pick Soraka or Sona to sustain him on lane . but , if you have a more sustainable adc , you can pick a more aggressive support like Leona , Nunu or Zyra . another thing to observe is the synergy of support/adc level , Leona has her q , w and e ready by level 3 , which can combo really good with Graves , where in this level he is really great . we could also mention some good combos like Ashe and Janna , due to the synergy of janna 's shield and ashe is crit , and ashe is slow with janna 's slow . besides , picking a champion that you enjoy playing , which will also help in your performance , you could ask the adc which support he enjoys to play with , if he has any preference and you feel his preference is useful , you could pick it too . i found the league support suggester , a recommendation software to provide the best support for your current needs . i have also found the following chart which really helps me when to choose a good support for my adc , i usually pick one of the three recommended :
the mission types and dates are determined at the time of the council report for the prior month . you can verify this by making a save just before the report , and one just after . ufo interceptions/landings , terror + council missions etc . will always be the same if you load the game just after but will change if you load the save before . update : as phantom42 notes and i have observed before also , the exact mission type will change upon reload . while council mission would always occur on may 7th , whether it is an escort/extraction/bomb defusal mission may still vary upon reloading . similarly , type of requests from countries will vary upon reload .
shoryuken reports that you need to defeat three bosses in the game with a perfect . however , this is incorrect . you actually have to beat four bosses 1 2 with a perfect in order to face akuma .
it does not matter if you save her or wait for the conclusion of the concert they both lead to the same scene . . .
i would not call it foolproof because it is lengthy , but there is a relatively straightforward way of transferring your data . it is called the data transfer utility and requires an ethernet cable . the manual states the following : preparing the systems to transfer data before starting the data transfer operation , you must perform the following steps . update the system software of both ps3™ systems to the latest version . prepare the ps3™ system that will send the data ( the “source system” ) . if multiple users exist on the source ps3™ system , you must perform the following operations for all of the users before starting the data transfer operation . create a playstation®network account if a user does not have an account . - select ( playstation®network ) > ( sign up ) , and then follow the on-screen instructions to create an account . deactivate the ps3™ system if the data to be transferred contains content that was purchased from playstation®store . - select ( playstation®network ) > ( account management ) > ( system activation ) . back up , or " sync " , trophy information on the ps3™ system with the playstation®network server if you want to transfer trophy information . - sign in to playstation®network , and then select ( game ) > ( trophy collection ) . sign in to ( playstation®home ) before transferring the data if you have obtained reward items for use in ( playstation®home ) on the source system . back up your profile information and stages you created in littlebigplanet™ to your saved game . you can then use the data that was backed up when playing littlebigplanet™ on the destination ps3™ system . notice the following restrictions apply if you perform the data transfer operation without creating a playstation®network account : you may not be able to use the saved data on the destination ps3™ system . you may no longer be able to earn trophies using the saved data that you transferred . trophy information is not transferred . transferring data turn off both ps3™ systems , and then perform the following steps . if the transferred data is saved game data that is copy-prohibited or data that is copyright-protected , it will be moved to the destination ps3™ system and deleted from the source ps3™ system . using an ethernet cable , make a direct connection between the two ps3™ systems . you can use either an ethernet straight-through cable or an ethernet crossover cable . connect the ps3™ systems to different video input connectors on the tv . for example , use the hdmi input connector and the video input connector on the tv . turn on the tv , and then turn on the ps3™ systems . use the tv remote control to switch the video input to display the screen of the source ps3™ system . on the source ps3™ system , select ( settings ) > ( system settings ) > [ data transfer utility ] . select [ 1 . transfer data from this system to the other ps3™ system . ] . if you did not complete the preparation steps described earlier , follow the on-screen instructions to complete these steps . when the ps3™ system is on standby to begin the data transfer , use the tv remote control to switch the video input to display the screen of the destination ps3™ system . on the destination ps3™ system , select ( settings ) > ( system settings ) > [ data transfer utility ] . select [ 2 . transfer data from the other ps3™ system to this system . ] follow the on-screen instructions to complete the operation . hints after the data transfer operation has been completed , you can turn off the source ps3™ system . set the tv to display the screen of the source ps3™ system , and then select ( users ) > ( turn off system ) . if content that was downloaded from playstation®store was transferred as part of this operation , you must activate the destination ps3™ system before you can use the data . log in to the ps3™ system as the user who owns the content , and then select ( playstation®network ) > ( account management ) > ( system activation ) to activate the system . limitations of the data transfer utility some types of data cannot be transferred using the data transfer utility , and some types of data can be transferred but not played on the destination ps3™ system . for the latest information , visit the sce website for your region . the following types of data are not transferrable : video content that has been downloaded as a rental from playstation®store ( file type : mnv ) tracks ( including " songpacks" ) for the singstar™ software that have been saved on the ps3™ system 's hard disk copyright-protected video files ( file types : mgv and ets ) video files that are compatible with the divx® vod ( video on demand ) service the following playstation®2 format software titles , if they are installed on the ps3™ system 's hard disk : [ nobunaga 's ambition online ] and [ expansion packs ] [ final fantasy xi ] and [ expansion discs ] [ socom ii : u.s. navy seals ] and [ related discs included with opm* issue 87 , opm* issue 88 , opm* issue 89 , opm* issue 90 ] socom 3: u.s. navy seals socom : u.s. navy seals combined assault for the following data types , you must perform some additional steps after completing the data transfer to be able to use the data : application data for life with playstation® download and install the life with playstation® application on the destination ps3™ system . you can continue to accumulate contribution points for the playstation®network ranking system of the folding@home™ channel . gripshift™ when you start the game for the first time after the data transfer operation , an error message will be displayed and you will not be able to play the game . to play the game , download and install the game again . saved data for ghostbusters™ and ghostbusters™: the video game the saved game will not be recognized when you start the game for the first time after the data transfer operation . to use the saved data , quit the game , and then start the game again . official playstation magazine hint some software titles may not be sold in some regions . just so you know , the destination console may shut itself down after the transfer is complete . if you also intend to swap hard drives this is slightly harder . as you probably know by this point , ps3s format their drives on install so it is not like you can just plug your old drive in an go . there is this handy guide on how to do this . in it it mentions this useful backup tool as well as the data transfer tool . the guide states as follows : . . . to avoid redownloading gigabytes upon gigabytes worth of digital gaming and destroying my monthly bandwidth alottment , i did the following : backed up my protected saves just in case things didn’t go according to plan . purged unnecessary game data ( ie : installs , patches , demos etc ) performed a backup to an external hard drive using the backup utility once the backup was complete , removed the hard drives ( 320gb and 160gb in my case ) from both consoles and swapped them . booted up each console and performed the requested formatting of each drive . restored the backup from step 3 onto the old playstation 3 . once the restore was complete , initiated a transfer via the data transfer utility the data transfer utility worked as described ; all my psn games , themes and saves ( protected and otherwise ) made it across the ethernet cable into the new ps3 . note : the destination console may shut itself down after the transfer is complete .
yes , contract cards are single-use : one time only on one player only . as with many other aspects of ultimate team play , there is precious little documentation available , but plenty of anecdotal evidence to sift through . in general , when you have a question about ultimate team , it is safe to assume that the least favorable aspect applies ( having a player appear for one play will subtract one game from his contract , losing your connection during a game will count as if you had finished the game except that you will not get any coins ) .
here are 2 screenshots , one made in 16:10 and one made in 16:9 . 16:9 has a slight advantage in visibility . i was unable to see a difference in max possible zoom distance . 1600x900 1680x1050
in filia in the northern part of the map there is an area called errans canyon . travel to the top left of errans canyon with a l-rod . there should be some crumbled looking pillars . use the l-rod there and a bridge should appear that you can cross to get to courcle .
yes runaan 's work with her q , the miniprojectiles from runaan 's all proc the aoe damage . notice in the test video that an explosion happens each minion hit by any of the projectiles . the aoe damage can also crit , near doubling her damage output . note from creator of the champion rocket splash on individual hurricane bolts is equal to the bolt 's damage ( 50% ad ) and can not crit . a single target hit by splash from the main attack and both hurricane bolts will take 210% damage ( 110% from main attack + 2x50% for the hurricane bolts .
no , it will not be used , as stated in the faq for tf2 mvm . q : what if i complete a mission that i have already completed on my tour of duty badge ? in this case , your tour of duty ticket will not be consumed , and your tour of duty progress will not be updated . squad surplus vouchers , however , will always be redeemed for items when a mission is completed successfully . source
in order to gain a level in morrowind , you must improve your major and minor skills by a combined 10 levels . you can gain 1 level in each skill , or 10 levels in one skill , or any combination thereof . afterwards , you need to sleep ( not just rest/wait , but sleep , either in a bed or in the wilderness ) , and you will be able to gain a level . when gaining a level , bonuses will appear , up to +5 , for your different attributes , depending on the skills you leveled up since your last level . this includes skills that are neither major nor minor skills . therefore , increasing these other skills can be a good way to ensure you get a +5 in the stats most important to you . the bonus is defined by the attribute associated with the skill , so therefore , luck will never get a modifier . you pick 3 attributes to increase at levelup , so if you have bonuses on 4 or more attributes , extra bonuses will be lost . it is also important to note that , if you gain more than 10 major/minor skills before you get a chance to sleep , the extras will carry over towards counting for your next level . you will only gain one level for each time you sleep , so if you have gained 20 or more skills , you will need to sleep at least twice to gain all your levels . any attribute bonuses you have accrued go away as soon as you have gained a level , so it is generally preferable to level as soon as you get the 10th skill , or else you are liable to waste attribute bonuses you could have used otherwise .
while this may not be the only way , this is a way that works : go to this site , and scoll down until you see the " contact us " box on the right hand side of the webpage . right above it will be another , smaller box with " supply crate keys " on it . click the link , and you should be able to buy a key ( tested myself ) as to why the wiki site link did not work , i would guess that the sites link is broken , possibly linking to a old store page
in the newer versions ( specifically 0.31.16 which i am currently playing ) , you can specify an individual dwarf 's equipment by type , or even down to the specific item . from the ( current at the time of writing ) dwarf fortress wiki : in the military screen , press n to open the uniforms tab . each listing under the ' uniforms ' header is essentially a pre-designed set of equipment that you can quickly apply to any individual soldier or entire squad , much like a template . you can create new uniforms if you want and add or remove items from any uniform set by navigating this menu . uniform templates are only created in this tab , not applied . while still in the military screen , press e to open the equipment tab . the default sub-tab , ' view/customize will be open . in this screen you can select individual dwarves and apply individual pieces of equipment to them , from a rmor , l eggings , h elms , g loves , b oots , s shields , and w eapons , as well as m aterial and c olor depending on the piece of equipment highlighted . to select a specific piece of equipment ( such as an artifact ) , select ' specific _ ' under that equipment type ( eg . ' specific armor ' in the armor field ) ; for your convenience , highest-quality equipment is listed first .
on the pc at least , caps lock key toggles " always run . " did you accidentally hit it and turn it off ?
oddly , stone paths appear to be better at attracting visitors . to test this i filled one island completely with either sort of path . stone paths : 185 visitors marble paths : 93 visitors : some other stuff in my park changed between the two screenshots , but the stone paths i added in the first screenshot actually added more than 100 visitors on their own , so it seems pretty clear stone paths have unholy visitor attracting power .
when you #twoweapon , you want to choose which weapons will be your main and off-hand weapons before you start #twoweaponing because when you are wielding both weapons , you only train your #twoweapon skill . the wiki page suggests that you train your main weapon to the same skill level as your max #twoweapon skill . given this information , i would suggest that once you have your intended main and off-hand weapons trained to those skill levels and you have enough ac without your shield to easily withstand hits from monsters at your level , that is when you should switch to #twoweaponing . when you switch to #twoweaponing you will not lose much damage per turn , so you should really switch as early as you can get the most out of it .
no , you can only import me2 characters once they have completed the game . it should be fairly easy to blast through me2 though , since most of the content is optional , if you do not mind taking some losses on the suicide mission . be warned , though , if you do not manage to preserve at least 2 companions shepard will die , precluding importing . your level and perks will carry over into me3 , though the highest level in me2 is only halfway towards the highest level in me3 ( 30 and 60 , respectively ) . you may wish to reset your perks at the normandy , to be able to customize your character properly from the start . some ship upgrades also carry over .
split the workers by sending 3 to one side and 3 to other side . it does not give much advantage , but pros like to do it .
only one squad ammo power can be active at a time . you do not need to respec everyone , just respec the people who you would rather have using ammunition other than squad ammo . but no , there is no other way around this .
you can not dive into the river . however , by using the tweeter/beans glitch ( or the king tut glitch ) , it is possible to stand on the river ( which makes fishing a lot easier ! ) . you need two people to do the glitch . blow on your tweeter/use the setsubun beans . have someone constantly push you from behind into the river . repeat until you are in the river :- )
kannik , one of the salarian merchants nearby , will give you the weapons , but you will have to bring him some artifacts . you will find him next to the the cipritine armory kiosk , which is in the upper right corner of the presidium commons map . we covered where to find the artifacts themselves here : what sort of artifacts is kannik looking for ?
they are single use items and are limited to level 90 characters . also on the island you can find sturdy chest , skull-covered chest , smouldering chest , and blazing chest . these are all single use chests . there are also chests that reset weekly . near the bottom of this wowpedia page , you can find a list these chests . that being said , the best source i can find for this is this comment on wowhead . i would consider it a reliable source , as perculia is the site director for wowhead .
this is what each power-up does :
no , this is not a bug . it is an intentional feature . ( though i have never seen it in hunger games before ) in minecraft , there are " bug blocks " accessible in the creative inventory . they look exactly like stone bricks ( or a variation of ) , stone , or cobblestone . these blocks are called id 's similar to " stone brick monster egg . " silverfish have a special property - when they get hit , they summon more . they can only summon more from these bug blocks , destroying the block in the process* . if left alone , a silverfish will disappear into a non-bug stone , cobble or stone brick block and turn it into a bug block . whenever devious map makers want to cause chaos , they often spawn in a silverfish and surround it with bug blocks . apparently the hunger games map had bug blocks , and you attacking the silverfish summoned more . *bug blocks also summon silverfish when broken by the player . you can prevent a horde of silverfish by : one hitting the silverfish . silverfish which are one-hitted ( killed in one strike with a weapon ) do not summon more , even if there are bug blocks around . not digging bug blocks . when you try to dig a bug block , it will dig sort of slow compared to a pickaxe , but quite quickly compared to the fist . it is a unique digging speed , meaning it can not be reproduced with a pickaxe - so experienced players can tell if they are digging a bug block . running . though it might be obvious , as with most any other slower-than-player mob your best chance of survival is running .
this is based on how many competitive matches you win , and hours spent in both competitive and casual servers ( official valve servers only ! ) bronze : 0 hours - 0 wins on operation phoenix maps . silver : 10 hours - 5 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . gold : 30 hours - 15 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . from wiki .
https://eu.battle.net/d3/en/forum/topic/4209931810 this forum solved this issue for me , i was missing tyrael 's sacrifice - the best cutscene ! open my documents\diablo iii\d3prefs . txt ( for win7/vista , not sure where it is in xp or os-x ) in notepad and change the " playedcutscene " lines to ( or add them if they are missing ) playedcutscene0 "31" playedcutscene1 "31" playedcutscene2 "23" playedcutscene3 "143"
there are no objects or items that affect your movement speed while held , but there are certain objects that will affect your movement speed when used : when thrown , ender pearls will teleport you to the location at which they land ( 1.9-pre2+ ) you can craft potions of swiftness that will increase your speed for a short period of time ( 1.9-pre3+ ) there are also environmental effects and actions that modify your movement speed : walking on soul sand using a minecart swimming in water sneaking sprinting riding in a boat explosions and tnt cannons ( assuming you live ) walking through cobwebs walking across ice
it is golden , and gives off a power-up like glow that pulses with the music . this helps quite a bit with keeping track of the ship 's location , because none of the enemies fall into that color scheme . it looks different , apart from the color . it is a bit bigger . the turrets are a bit farther apart .
there is a difference between the economics and the game model . how does it benefit the farmer if you pick their crops ? economically , they are paying you for your labour . they presumably sell the crop for more than they pay you for picking them . economically , yes , i think it is safe to assume that the farmer ' owns ' the crops as he would have tilled the land and planted them . if you do not give him the crops you harvest , it is effectively stealing from him . the game seems to have a simple economic model for farming . you can happily take crops as ingredients or " sell " them to the farmer . i have not seen any evidence that the farmer will on-sell his crops to retailers or what not . i also have not done a price comparison of wholesale vs . retail . perhaps an economic major will create a mod one day .
liquid seduction is a potion that you can find/create/buy that temporarily increases your persuasion skill , but only with npcs of the opposite sex . besides that one item , the only differences i have noticed are all flavor in regards to how people speak to you and the context of certain quests ( him vs . her , king vs . queen , etc . ) .
normally in game when you socket a ruby into a weapon it will update the displayed dps to account for the increased damage but in the ah when people post weapons already socketed with rubies it is not updating the tooltip . the sort by dps does seem to be taking the socketed ruby into account though .
they can be resurrected by talking to one of the npc folks in town . . . for a price . the higher the level of your mercenary , the more expensive it will be . the maximum cost to resurrect your mercenary is 50,000 gold . resurrections can be performed by the following npcs in their respective acts : act i : kashya act ii : greiz act iii : asheara act iv : tyreal act v : qual-kehk if you do not see an option to resurrect your mercenary , then you either : do not currently have a mercenary active ( have not hired one ) your mercenary is active and alive you can check to see if you have one active if you press o to bring up it is stat/inventory menu .
no , i doubt it . regarding the first two , in the training chamber you go through , glados states that the normal chamber 16 is down for maintenance , so chell instead is put through a training course for military androids ( which is why there are so many turrets in there . ) those lines are simply her trying to manipulate the androids that normally navigate said chambers . as far as the last couple go , the moon rock gel probably did not kill cave johnson in a single day . it is more likely prolonged exposure that gave him said poisoning . the repulsion gel is a bit less clear , but perhaps it was a prototype version that " does not like the human skeleton " , or maybe chell 's somehow immune to it . for example , iirc we know chell 's the only one out of however many humans put into stasis to actually survive , she is not exactly an ordinary test subject . it is not completely explained , but there is various possibilities . finally , there is plenty of things glados says that point to chell being human . for example , she was put into stasis like a human , and certain comments ( like the ones about her being fat or glados mocking her about being an orphan ) just would not make sense if she was an android . not to mention , i believe that in the one room with the various potato batteries children made in portal 2 , one of them is marked as chell 's , which would undoubtably prove she is just a normal human . so , long story short , there is no real reason to believe chell 's an android , and plenty of evidence to the contrary . and one more point that i almost forgot . what kind of android can eat cake ?
as domescoper has already mentioned , completing all campaigns unlocks the infinite ammo skills for each weapon . the other skills that are unlocked by getting a certain number of kills with each weapon are master skills for that weapon , for example you can unlock " handgun master " . each of these master skills increase the damage dealt by that particular weapon . a full list of skills including the infinite ammo and master skills can be found here .
endless space groups the varying planet types into different groups . by default , only class 1 planets will be colonizable , and you unlock the ability to colonize planets in the higher tiers as you move down the tech tree . by contrast , terraforming unlocks in the reverse order , so , as mentioned , you probably will not have favorable terraforming projects available until late game . generally though , you have to move up in class if you want a net positive in fids - otherwise you are either losing them , or swapping science and industry , etc . you can only have one exploit per planet , so i have listed them separately , as some planet types get increased benefit from multiple exploit types . category 1 planets ( 11 base fids ) terran base : 3/2/4/2 tier 3 exploits : 3/0/1/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/5/2 + exploit ocean base : 3/2/2/4 tier 3 exploits : 2/0/0/2 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/3/4 + exploit jungle base : 3/4/2/2 tier 3 exploits : 2/2/0/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/4/3/2 + exploit category 2 planets ( 10 base fids / -5 approval ) arid base : 2/2/5/1 tier 3 exploits : 1/0/3/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining dust : +1 xenotourism agencies science : +1 optics research lab total : 4/3/6/2 + exploit tundra base : 2/1/2/5 tier 3 exploits : 1/2/0/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 4/3/3/5 + exploit category 3 planets ( 7 base fids / -10 approval ) arctic base : 1/0/1/5 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/2 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining science : +1 non-baryonic collider total : 3/1/1/6 + exploit desert base : 1/5/0/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/2/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network science : +1 optics research lab total : 3/7/0/2 + exploit category 4 planets ( 5 base fids / -15 approval ) barren base : 0/1/4/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/3 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : dust : science : +2 non-baryonic collider +2 optics research lab total : 2/1/1/4 + exploit lava base : 0/4/1/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/3/0/0 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : +2 interplanetary transport network science : +2 optics research lab total : 2/6/1/2 + exploit category 5 planets ( 12 base fids / -20 approval / cannot terraform ) gas methane base : 0/10/1/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/1/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/10/1/2 + exploit gas helium base : 0/1/1/10 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/1 food : +1 wasteless supply chain total : 1/1/1/10 gas hydrogen base : 0/1/10/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/1/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/1/10/2 asteroid belt base : 0/4/4/4 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain industry : +1 interplanetary transport network total : 1/5/4/4 + exploit terraform priorities will come in a bit .
you can leave the area then come back , or save and reload the game . both ways the boulders will be back to their original positions .
when you have played on all 8 pianos , you will gain 2 new songs for your bards . from the faq ( relevant part in bold ) : the only pianos actually giving you any benefit are the seventh and last piano tunes , but you need to have played all others to actually access these . the seventh tune inspires the bard in crescent to teach you mana 's paean , the final tune inspires him to teach you hero 's rime . in addition , your piano skills soar to unknown heights . sure , it is useless versus exdeath , but would not you rather be an erudite homo universalis than a rampaging brute ?
the best way to go about getting this achievement is to use c4 . play the rush game mode , because you can blow up some of the buildings with the bomb in it and they will be high traffic areas during the game . then place c4 on the four corners and on the ceiling of the first floor . this should be enough to collapse the building . remember to be patient , this is one of the hardest achievements in the game and will take some time . you will kill people with your c4 and not the destruction 2.0 and you can not avoid that happening . just keep trying and eventually you will get the achievement . if you like visual references , here 's a guide on youtube to help you out
from the official wiki defeating enemy units ( +1 per unit ) rewards for heroic or karmic actions during events ( varies ) .
in order to purchase an " enemy " character ( bad guys if you are good , good guys if you are bad ) , you must first beat them senseless . attack the character long enough and , instead of breaking , they will become available for purchase with b just like a co-aligned character . once you have one " evil " character , it is probably easier to switch to them before purchasing other bad guys , to avoid the fight .
my cousin encountered this , and i believe what he did was port to shantytown ( since enemies respawn there most of the time ) killed enemies and just looted them . then just repeat the process until you get one from an enemy . if you want you can try your chances at the hillside bunker or research lab after trying this . be sure to use your rifle to kill them , it would be better if you have the scavenging skill from the survival tree to increase your chances .
holding shift limits the effect of the tool you are using to a single block . this includes placing blocks and destroying blocks , foreground or background , even with tools such as the pickaxe that normally affect larger areas .
i will try and answer each of your points in turn . i am assuming that you are referring to fortress mode . is it better to wear multiple pieces on one bodypart ? it is better to get your dwarves wear multiple pieces of clothing on one body part to get the maximum protection , however this involves trusting your dwarves to dress themselves properly . the theoretical maximum involves wearing 9 cloaks , i will not list the full outfit in this answer ; you can see the details over on the wiki here . in fortress mode , there is currently no way to control what your civilian dwarves wear , however you can define a custom uniform for your military that allows you to assign multiple of the same of armour or clothing . assigning this uniform to a squad will get those dwarves to attempt to put on all the items if they are available in your fortess . there are still some bugs around this area , so instructing your dwarves to wear all this armour may result in them getting stuck picking up equipment . having said all this , in practice i would say the actual answer to whether it is better wear multiple pieces of clothing depends on how much time you want to be micromanaging your dwarves wardrobes . i find that equipping my dwarves with a basic set of armour is often adequate . can only be certain pieces like leather trousers be categorized as over and a woollen cloak as cover ? the material type of the clothing has no effect on how it may be worn . does over or cover get replaced by armor ? you have the ability to ask your military squads to replace clothing with their uniform , or whether they should wear their uniform on top of their normal clothes . i recommend reading the section on the wiki regarding equipping your soldiers on this . i never seen clothing wear off , but i have read it does . is this implemented and how fast does clothing wear off ? it does indeed wear off . you will start to see your dwarves clothes becoming tattered around the second or third year of your fortress , and the clothes start to wear away completely around the third or fourth year of your fortress . if there are new clothes available , your dwarves will get new clothing when it starts to get tattered . do some materials influence the dwarfs mood when walking in certain weather types ? depending on a dwarf 's preferences ( if he/she likes a certain material type or a specific type of clothing ) that that individual dwarf may get happy thoughts from wearing a piece of clothing or armour of that type . however , this is unrelated to weather conditions .
this noise is one of those optional bosses ( blue noise ) . select joshua , day 6 . walk from the scramble crossing ( the starting point of this day ) , head to center street entrance , then go to amx . scan this area and you should see a blue noise . this noise drops the mink pin only on hard . the grindcore minks share an hp bar between them and are weak against melee attacks ( positive psychs ) .
ok , i had a hunch with 3-2 ( “jailbreak” ) and got the badge just by climbing from the “scruffy was here” graffiti to the top of that elevator hole . but as i have climbed that part a couple of times before and did not get the badge , it hit me then that the distance for the badge was accumulative . ( just like other similar badges like running 10km , ziplining 1km , falling 1km , etc… doh ! ) . so just for curiosity 's sake , i went back to 5-2 and found the perfect place on the 3rd or 4th water pump : http://imgur.com/a/o8ttd as you can see on the 2nd image , there is a gap at the top , between the upper platform and the pipe , then at the bottom there is a ramp you can fall safely without getting any damage ( 3rd image ) , so you can climb and fall as you please until you get the badge .
there are several vendors who will sell you mark and recall , one that i remember being fairly easy to find is j'rasha in the foreign quarter of vivec . sirlonwe at the vivec mages ' guild also sells both halves of the spell , although i can not recall if there are any requirements for her to teach it to you ( such as being a member of the guild ) . balmora 's temple also has a pair of npcs ( llarara omayn and llathyno hlaalu ) who sell the two halves of the spell , and balmora 's one of the earliest towns you are likely to visit . if you are quite far from vivec or balmora and/or would prefer another location , there is a complete listing of all the npcs who will sell you these spells on the uesp wiki .
yes , there are some ' safe ' chests . you could camp them for some easy bucks . however , waiting a minute ( or whatever the respawn timer is ) for 100 credits seems me to be a waste of time . questing yields the most credits and experience per time , by far . there are a lot of daily repeatable quests , so i doubt you will run out of quests .
the best class to solo with in lotro would be the rune-keeper . the rune-keeper can swap between healing and offensive spells , so you can pretty much deal lots of damage , and if you ever find yourself dying , stop dealing damage and heal yourself . ( note , with the rune-keepers ' spell system , you need to build up healing or offensive energy - so if you have been casting offensive spells for a long time , you will need to stop and start casting the low-power healing spells to build up healing energy , before you can heal yourself for any great amount of hp ) . the class i have been soloing with is the burglar . he is good at soloing for the reason that he can disspapear if things get messy , and he can handle a large group of enemies better than other classes , with about 4 stuns and various debuffs . other than that , the guardian - with a tank spec - can solo relatively easy , though it will take you longer as you will not be dealing a lot of damage . lastly , the hunter is a pretty good soloer , as he can lay down traps and deal damage ( more than the burglar can ) from a distance , and can teleport away from combat if things get hairy . unless you have a class preference , i would say go with the rune-keeper or the hunter .
as of version 1.0.1.674 , mods are now published on the steam workshop for civilization v , which is available for browsing outside the game .
no , it isnt . you can only check your previous matches at " your matches " tab which doesnt provide ranks of the players .
the law enforcer ( or le ) essentially blocks you from being able to attack other players in game . it also prevents other players from attacking you . there are pros and cons to the law enforcer as follows ; pros : you cannot be attacked by other players when you die , you do not drop a quickbelt prevents any accidental loss of soullight or faction sympathy from other players running through any area of effect attacks you do cons : you cannot join a clan you cannot attack other players ( not always a con ) it takes up an implant slot that could be used for another brain implant removing the law enforcer is easy , simply drag it out of the brain implant slot it is in to your inventory and this will start an implant process to remove it . it will take quite a while to remove , but it can be re-implanted at any point provided your skill rank is /30 or below . above a skill rank of /30 it is no longer possible to re-implant a law enforcer . you do not need any skill points in the implant ( +imp ) ability to insert a law enforcer .
you need to put some bare wire on it in the same place you want to connect the jacketed wire . this is so it looks like it touches the block instead of floating
in general , harvest moon plays more like a sandbox game ( limited to your local area ) more than anything else . they tend to be short on tutorials , because the early games did not really have much of a goal , beyond that which you set for yourself . even in the later ones , the goals are usually very generous , and give you plenty of time to meet them . that gives you freedom to experiment without worrying you are screwing up your game . the original game for snes had a hard time limit , but you could abuse the fact that it did not actually advance until you slept . so it was easy to clear the field the very first day . in essence , harvest moon is a time management simulation . you can " succeed " by doing as much ( or as little ) as you want . the only limiter is your stamina . if you are going for pure efficiency , so you waste as little time as possible , then you are going to need to look online . this , however , is definitely not a requirement . harvest moon does not have missable items ( although , some could require rather extensive effort and preparation in order to acquire ) , so there is no time crunch required so you do not miss anything . the only restriction on irreversible choices are your marriage candidates . once you have married one of them , you can not get rid of them and choose someone else . they are with you until death ( or a save reset ) do you part . note that there usually is a time limit on how long you have to court your chosen . you have roughly four or five years before they marry their other option . that is easily enough time to choose the one you want , and court them , and have several years to spare . so the time limit is very generous . note that for your chosen game , i could not find any info on marrying anyone . it may not be included in that one , in which case , there is nothing at all to worry about time-wise .
i think that is it for the heavy workbench , the others seem to be for use in crafting the 80-something plus furniture types added , like the living loom to make the living wood furniture set , the honey dispenser to make the honey furniture set , the glass kiln to make the glass furniture set and so on and so forth . if you ask the guide what you can make with torches then most of it comes up ( if not all ) .
nope . you can not even run away , shepard will turn around and run back . you will eventually have to do what you are meant to do , so you might as well get it over with straight away .
you will miss out on a medi-gel upgrade ( either capacity or amount healed per use ) , as well as the opportunity to heal shepards facial scars if you are playing a renegade . beyond that , there should be no other consequence , aside from a few missed conversations with minor opportunities to earn reputation and/or paragon/renegade points ( +2 max each time ) .
quick restart is not actually an asbi feature . anyone ( who is server leader , of course ) can do it . just press f8 as soon as you see the red " mission failed " message , and look for a restart button at the bottom . you can also use this f8-restart anytime during a mission , when you feel like the players who are alive right now are unable to finish the mission . sadly , death cam is tougher to disable . asw_marine_death_cam 0 does the trick , however , it requires cheats to be enabled . moreover , as soon as you disable cheats , it goes back on . how to do it : in main menu open the console , and write there sv_cheats 1 enter asw_marine_death_cam 0 enter and then type map &lt;the map you want to play&gt; ( e . g . map as_sci1_bridge ) enter if you connect to an asbi server , leave it and then make your own server , it will have some similarities to the asbi servers , like no death cam and changed player collision . restarting the game removes these effects . you can disable death camera by installing sourcemod and using such command : sm_cvar asw_marine_death_cam 0 it works both for dedicated server and normal in-game server .
the usefulness of dodge is that it is only present on a single item - if you use dodge runes , you have a chance to dodge auto attacks , while other champions without dodge runes of their own ( or without a ninja tabi ) will not . dodge is an hp multiplier -- it works better when used with armor and health bonuses than when just used as a defensive stat alone . ultimately , dodge works best ( and is most noticeable ) in the early game , both since there is no scaling dodge / level runes , and because at low levels , attack speeds are low enough that a single dodged attack is highly relevant . armor retains a similar effectiveness throughout the game . one last thing to consider is that some champions want to get hit , and so armor runes are a better choice on a per champion basis . shen , for example , has a passive that triggers more often when he gets hit . rammus too would rather take the armor ( as it both directly feeds his passive and allows his taunt / defensive curl combo to deal more self-inflicted damage ) . jax , on the otherhand , makes good use of dodging , and it might be worth it to take dodge runes on him . ultimately , i find armor to be a little bit better stat defensively , but you are much more likely to note a survival due to a lucky dodge than to static armor reduction .
this question will have a different answer depending on what build you are trying to accomplish . for example , the old ' ci fire discharger ' would require level 80 or so before being able to effectively respec from hp to ci/es . because of this , you would use whatever hp gear you could cheaply find until you got to 80+ , and then respec and get expensive gear at the same time . this is of course an example of a build that does not become extremely powerful until really late , most other popular builds because powerful much earlier . as a general rule , a time to focus more on gear would be around level 70 , when you are in merciless act 3 and are ready to start farming maps . although high gear is not needed to start the early level maps , most people will take a massive gear jump before starting them . most ci classes will also spec out of hp and into ci at around the 60-70 mark , considering they have the ci gear ready . once again though , this all depends on the build you are playing and how you want to approach it as to when xp farming turns to gear farming .
you list primarily tanky supports , who were hit the hardest with the removal of heart of gold . this leaves two other gp/10 items : philosopher 's stone and kage 's lucky pick . i ignored avarice blade as i do not feel it compliments the support role . a philo stone can build into shurelya 's reverie , eleisa 's miracle , or ohmwrecker . shurelya 's is still a great support item , and eleisa 's reduces the cooldowns of the summoner spells heal , clarity , and clairvoyance . it can also free an inventory spot if purchased early enough ! ohmwrecker is outshined by both items , and i do not recommend buying it on a support . kage 's lucky pick turns into shard of true ice , twin shadows , morellonomicon , or will of the ancients . the first two are most viable on a support , and the shard continues to provide gp/10 . so a lot of things affect whether gp/10 is still viable . for a philo stone : did you take heal or clairvoyance ? do you need extra sustain ? does your team need a shurelya 's ? is anyone else buying one ? for kage 's lucky pick : does your champion benefit from extra ap ? do you need additional cc ? another new item is the sightstone . for an investment of 950 gold , you can place up to 2 wards at a time , with each ward lasting 3 minutes . the sightstone holds 4 wards total and refills when you return to base . this breaks down to 50 gold/minute , and starts saving money after 19 minutes ( assuming you immediately place wards when available ) . it also provides +180 health , making it a strong choice for tanky supports . previously , gp/10 items were essential to compensate for the cost of wards . this is largely mitigated with the usage of a sightstone , freeing money for other items . a philosopher 's stone costs 700 gold and pays for itself in 23.33 minutes . kage 's lucky pick costs 765 and pays for itself in 25.5 minutes . these times are halved if you sell the item . because it takes so long to make money from gp/10 items , it is best to buy them as early as possible . compare this to the gold granted from kills/assists . a champion who has not been killed is worth 300 gold , and 50% of that for an assist . the more times a champion is killed , the less money the kill rewards , with a minimum of 15 gold . since 2 gp/10 items provide 60 gold/minute , you have to get a 150 gold assist every 2.5 minutes for assists to equal gp/10 items . you can get an additional 5 gp/10 from quints and masteries , resulting in 90 gold/minute and needing an assist every 1.66 minutes . the new pick-pocket mastery offers an additional avenue to generate gold . unfortunately , this is not very viable on melee supports . while supports are no longer required to get gp/10 items to support expensive ward-buying habits , these gp/10 items are still cost-efficient for longer games and they upgrade into items that are very useful for most supports . ultimately , the decision to buy gp/10 items comes down to play-style and preferences . if you prefer to play aggressively and need extra stats to stay alive , skip gp items . if you are trying to maximize gold gained , gp/10 is still the better choice ( unless you can get an assist every 1.6 minutes ! ) . tl ; dr : gp/10 is still very viable , especially since those items build into new support-focused items . however , it is no longer a necessity since the sightstone makes warding much cheaper .
after pressing the home button on the wii remote , click on the Wii Remote Settings option at the bottom of the screen . you will be presented with a volume setting for the wii remote 's internal speaker .
stat boosts , from either tonics or surges , disappear after one battle , whether the character with those boosts participates in that battle or not .
it depends if you talk about skill books or magazines . skill books give you +3 permanent boost and should be used immediately , or you could save them until you get comprehension perk since it will give you additional point increase per book you read . skill magazines give you temporary +10 skill boost for 1 minute and should be saved in case you run in some trouble and need a higher skill like lock picking high lock , sneaking near crowded areas . . . increased by +20 with comprehension perk . it is also good idea to collect one magazine for every skill and keep it in you inventory in case you get the voracious reader perk , with which you can copy skill magazines from your inventory at a workbench .
since a power failure can be caused for many reasons , it tough to say for sure . there are two fuses in these guys , and it is possible that one of them has been blown . there are instructions to remove and short-cut the fuse with a piece of wire here . alternatively , you can purchase replacement fuses online . if it is the system 's power supply or other failed component , you are better off buying a new one . while these are not very repairable , their low-cost makes them relatively replaceable .
synergy was hijacking the shift key . quitting synergy solved the issue .
yes , you can get bonuses from multiple sources for almost any skill and it will stack . life steal from weapons , armor , passive skills ( Bloodthirst ) , active skills ( Furious Charge/Dreadnought ) is additive , you will get the total amount which is then reduced per difficulty level . the contribution of a skill or item to the stat is not reduced , but its actual effect changes - so e.g. you had need to get 50% life steal in inferno to get 10% leeching . unlike other games ( incl . diablo 2 ) , most of these do not have hard caps as the lower bonus values effectively soft cap the maximum amounts you can obtain . one notable exception is run speed , which is capped to 25% from items but can be raised further by skills ( e . g . Sprint ) . also , dodge has a non-linear relation to dexterity , and stacks multiplicatively from sources so it may be non-intuitive on how much adding some equipment will increase the stat .
ranged attacks , with the exception of force bolt/wand of striking ( which destroy the boulder in the process ) , pass over boulders just fine and let you kill whatever is on the other side . if you do not have any ranged weapons or suitable attack wands of spells , in the worst case you can leave sokoban , smash a boulder , and get rocks to throw . if you have a wand of teleportation , you can also teleport the boulder ( and , in the long hallway , probably the monster behind it as well ) with no luck penalty . note that the boulder way very well end up in an inconvenient place .
it turns out that my thinking was exactly the opposite of what the game designers intended : when the boss raises his shield , you will only take damage if you strike it again . so , the correct move is to mute the string .
here 's a good starting checklist : be at least level 45 or so for the normal mode runs . this will make sure you 1-hit almost anything , as well as have access to decent +movement speed boots do it with a group of dedicated friends . this allows you to all spread out and search for dungeons , ballistas , exits , et cetera . 4 people searching a map is always a lot faster . do not pick up loot . rares and legendaries may be okay , but anything less just will not be worth your time . except for the rare middle-of-the-map objectives like the khazra dungeon , most objectives are on the edge of the maps . with 4 people , have 2 immediately take a left and a right while the other 2 beeline for the other side of the map and do the same . this should cut your time down by a significant amount . this may seem obvious , but make sure your group uses the bathroom , smokes , eats , et cetera before you start . bio breaks can kill your time .
the best game modes to level up in would be conquest and rush . the reason these two are the best are because they contain objectives that are worth a lot of points . the fastest is probably conquest as capturing a point ( including neutralizing the point first ) will net you 450 points ( 350 for assisting a capture ) and there are many many points to cap per round . in addition , if you kill anyone while inside a flag 's area of influence , you will gain an extra 30 points per kill . rush is the second best as you can also get 600 points per objective ( 100 for arming , 500 for destroying . only 200 for defusing ) played , but they are are not as many , and it is harder to get defends etc .
yes , the recharge rate of your engines will only increase to the level you are powering them . the nesasio ( stealth ) starts with level 4 engines , but there is a noticeable difference in recharge rate between 1 power and 4 power . this is consistent with all powered systems . to get the described bonus from a certain level , you must power the system to that level .
there are plenty of benefits of having friends . your friends can help you , and you are rewarded for helping them in return ! being helped by your friends ! friends can help the player fulfilling their boat orders , buying their items at their roadside shop , reviving their trees and bushes and also by ( indirectly ) give the player random mystery boxes when the player visits their farm . friends can give the player items that the player is low or empty on . by adding friends , the player increase their roadside shop space and gain new spaces to sell goods from . helping your friends ! likewise , the player can help both their friends and unknown players . helping friends gives benefits for the player as well as for them . for example , by fulfilling boat orders the player gains money and experience , while the person they helped gets a step closer to stocking a boat full . helping other players is the only way to acquire gift cards , which can then be used to buy packages using the catalogue . quotes from the " friends " page on the hay day wiki . you automatically have one friend when you start the game , an npc named greg . you can also add more friends through facebook if your friends dont mind app request notifications ! npc greg : image from the " greg " page on the wiki
unfortunately there does not appear to be a fix for this " problem " . there are several discussions around talking about this issue if you want something to read : steam forum 1 steam forum 2 steam forum 3 game faqs 1 game faqs 2 dead space wiki an explanation for this problem could be the fact that dead space 3 was simply ported to pc without being optimized at all . there is an article on this topic that i recommend you read : dead space 3 on pc is an unoptimized console port . a quote from this article : steve papoutsis , executive producer on dead space 3 , has confirmed that the pc version of the game is just a console port . it will not be optimized for the platform . there is similar article here about the optimization of dead space 3 . the lack of optimization is most likely the cause of this issue , and also explains why console players do not experience the same problem .
i have played both , and here are some of the biggest differences i have noticed : gameplay changes : you can shift into post mode with one button press ally oop passes are easier pump fakes is a lot harder to defend this time , you can easily get someone into the air and draw a foul . improved hot/cold steaks and 3 point shooting . its a bit easier to make those open shots now , especially on a hot streak . passing is still a bit iffy . player mode changes : you now earn a salary . you can use that salary to purchase additional skill points , increase your skill cap , and other things ( such as improving team rating ) , buying dunk packages , etc . when your rookie contract expires ( takes many seasons ! ) you can start negotiating with other teams for a better contract . there are more key games , and you can simulate to play the next key game from the main menu rather than having to go into the game and choose simulate until end of game . the previous height limit for positions have been removed , so you can make a 6 foot center if you wanted to :p because of the lockout , the entire rookie class are randomly generated names ( really sucks ) , rather than the actual rookie class of 11 . i have not explored the other modes in depth yet , but this feels more like a complete game than 2k11 was , at least to me .
well sure it will make more space on your hard drive since you do not load another map on your server but anyway that you have 1 , 2 or 3 maps on your server the thing to consider is where the peoples load chunks from it . so if a user is in the overworld and another in the nether , the same load is use to keep the chunk loaded for those users . in conclusion , depends how many worlds you have the thing 's most important is how much chuck is loaded into the ram . so you should keep the nether open if you have enough space on your hard drive to keep it alive and keep the backups .
just the eu accounts . here you can find a blue answer on the official forums explaining that achievements , pets and mounts can only be shared by same-region accounts .
would guess dlc , or just make people ask the question . i have all the animus fragments , completed all sequences 100% , and they have not activated .
for each of the primary menaces ( nightmares , scandal , wounds , and suspicion ) there is a consequence upon reaching level 8 with any of them . for suspicion , once you reach level 8 , you are hauled back to new newgate prison , where you will be stuck until you reduce your suspicion to 0 . before that reach that point , however , you will notice some other events related to high suspicion . for instance , once your suspicion reaches 4 , you will see the " find a way to throw the constables off the scent " storylet appear at your lodgings , and give you an opportunity to ask your friends for help .
other than using a guide , you basically need to wander around , though all the mission stones are marked on the map , so you do not have to wander too much . keep in mind that a number of the missions are not in the main gran pulse area , which includes mission 4 - it is in yaschas massif .
okay , it appears i was over-thinking this and by trying to be too clever i was making it harder on myself . i am making some progress on icing people now . here are my tips : 1 ) do not fight people with the x next to their name . i think it means they are dead and it does not seem to want to let you ice dead people . 2 ) do not repeatedly fight the same person . it is pointless . for some reason i do not understand you never seem to be able to ice them . 3 ) do randomly attack people ( excluding the ones in #1 above ) until you a ) beat them and b ) get the power attack button . then power attack them until they are iced or you accidentally kill them . if you accidentally kill them instead of icing them move on to the next person . 4 ) fighting people that are closer to your own strength/level seems to show the power-attack option more often . so do not bother trying to pick out weaklings . however , also do not pick fights with people 500 levels higher either . it is still slow going , but i iced 3 people so far today and i had not been able to ice a single person in 4 days of playing prior to that . i am still a little fuzzy on the game mechanics , but this strategy seems to be working so i am going with it . update : 5 ) you do not have to win the fight to ice the other fighter . if you are fighting just for the ice count . go ahead and power attack even if you lose as long as you are doing good damage on your attacks .
i think you are just a little confused about the process . the " hints " are not hints , they are instructions . wait until the button icon pops up ( which will be a random one of the four buttons ) and then push it , not beforehand .
if a creeper is standing in water , then the blast damage is restricted to the water . so you can have water for the mobs to stand in , and if one accidentally blows up then you are not totally screwed with a broken trap , but it will kill the other mobs in the trap . this is mine :
just to share a bit , i am diamond in 4v4 solo queue and i play with some friends in 4v4 once in a while . i have never been silver so i do not know how many games players leave at the start of the game . but i do not see it very often in my leagues . might be luck more than anything though . in fact , i do not remember last time someone left in my diamond league . but yeah , it did happen once in a while . but like @tenfour commented , once a player leaves the game , his economy is shared to remaining players so you are actually at advantage here . you can either , get more barracks/gates/hatchery in order to keep up with the economy flowing in and rush as fast as you can with as much units as possible . or you can tech up to higher tiers units . but keep in mind that it is still 3 army versus 4 , so you should have much higher supply then them when you are attacking if you want a chance at breaking them .
this is happening to a lot of other people , across all platforms . the official ubisoft forums have a 150-page thread on the issue . so , ubisoft is aware of the issue , and is ( presumably ) working on a fix . [ edit ] the latest word from the ubisoft staff : ( june 1st 2014 ) the team are working on the issue , is the best i can say at the moment . it appears to happen when you unlock in-game items from the ubisoft store . unfortunately , there is currently no known workaround . you will either have to start a new game , or wait for ubisoft to provide a fix . and in the meanwhile , do not purchase any in-game items from the ubisoft store !
you can not really lower it any faster than just looking for notoriety lowering people whenever they show up ( as you have noticed , there is only heralds and witnesses ) . it is more the fact that it works differently than notoriety in ac2/bh guards no longer care what your notoriety is ( at least as far as i can tell ) even when you are in the red . the red seems to be meaningless except for one detail . as long as you are in the red , doing something that would raise your notoriety has a chance for one of your dens to come under attack , with more notorious things ( like buying property ) having a very high chance . the idea is that once you hit the red , just do not buy anything or kill anyone until you have managed to become secret again , and you will not have to worry about ever being attacked again . if you manage to get all of your dens a master assassin , then it will not matter if you are in the red as none of your dens can be attacked ( i am currently at 6/7 dens locked , so i am not sure if this is true , but i am guessing either it will not matter anymore , or your notoriety will be locked at 0 or something ) .
usually there will be an arsenal very close to the weapon pickup location which will let you change your loadout ( just like the one you can build at the bastion ) . you are only forced to use the new weapon briefly in most cases , and against enemies that it is particularly suited to .
do not accept the towel from ford . just keep waiting and you will be able to continue .
the starcraft ii match making system picks players from your region that have similar skill . it maintains a hidden skill number which it uses to match you against other players , and adjusts this number based on the skill number of the opponents you win and lose to . it also does it best to make sure you have a 50% win-loss ratio .
it depends actually . ai wars is still under active development . ( really active , at least one patch each week . superb work from them ) . what happens if the aip goes up ? this list is based on the most recent patches ( 6.003 with the dlc , but that should not matter ) . i really cannot comment on older patches . it changes a lot . so update , if you can read this , you can update the game . increase the amount of ships you get each attack wave . increase the mark of the ships you get each attack wave . ( in recent patches there is not a set point any more where the ships change from mark 1 to mark 2 , it is now a percentage ) . but you can see the point where it changes by hovering over the aip ( ai-progress ) increase the types of ships the ai has access to . after a certain ( hidden , there is a list on the wiki ) threshold the ai gets new ships . they are called bonus tech ships ( on the wiki ) . the amount of ships the ai gets when reinforcing a planet . ( note , the amount of planets not owned by the ai also influences the amount of planets the ai is allowed to reinforce ) . dlc timing of exogalactic strikeforces . the higher the aip , the quicker , " broken golems - hard " , and/or " spirecraft - hard " strike forces arrive . note under the hood the ai gets ship points for each point of aip you got . it uses these points to buy ships . so that is why at high aip you might only get two ships ( badass ones ) , and at low aip you get 4 fighters . what happens when aip goes down ? the wave sizes and wave types will be reduced . ( so , a 200 ship wave with 100% mark 2 ships will be downgraded to 190 90% mark 2 and 10% mark 1 wave ) . existing ships will not be removed . bonus tech ships will not be removed , and stay available to the ai . note aip reduction cannot be wasted . when you are at aip 10 and reduce it by -20 , the game keeps track of the reduction . so reduce that aip when you can . you can waste a superterminal however . just not the aip reduction it creates . ( i use waste in the broadest sense , as in it can lose you the game ) . what is not influenced by aip ? ai tactics are not changed by higher aip . timing between waves timing between placement of reinforcements planets being on alert . structures . as far as i know the ai cannot rebuild a structure when it has been destroyed . ( note tachyon guardians are guardian ships not structures ) . this was planned for one of the dlc but has not been implemented yet . dlc size of exo strike forces . dlc timing of " fallen spire " exogalactic strikeforces . not influenced by aip , as the ai now considers you a major threat , and sends massive amounts of ships . the internal hacking the ai value . that one is influenced by hacking . strategic reserve this was written before the new patches added the new feature called the strategic reserve . the patch notes only indicate it increases periodically ( whatever that means ) . it is unlocked at difficulties 6+ . and if it is filled over 50% some new ships added to this reserve will be added to cross planet attacks . using the debug mode it would be possible to check if higher aip increase the amount of strategic reserve ships the ai gets . but i have not done that . other patch notes to seem to indicate that the higher the aip the more strategic reserve the ai gets . enemy champions the ancient shadows expansion adds human champion ships . the ai gets a nemesis champion ship to counter your ships . the higher the aip gets , the less nemesis champions get spawned . as the ai has little time to invest into these nemesis ships . note to the reader : what did i miss ? mention it in the comments , and i will update the answer .
the short answer is no , the balance of the game will not be noticeably affected . dawnguard introduces a few new things that modify minor aspects of the base game : dragonbone weapons : with a smithing skill of 100 , you can now craft weapons from dragonbone . the bow has the highest base damage of any bow . arrow smithing : able to smith arrows crossbrows : faster first shot with slower reload time . you can smith an enhanced version of this cross bow that ignores 50% of armor . this is pretty huge and all you need is the steel smithing perk . the vampire and werewolf perk trees are also available , and improve the base abilities for those factions . these are gained by feasting on the flesh of your fallen foes ( aka devouring a killed npc as a werewolf or killing an npc with drain life or bite as a vampire lord ) so what you are truly given with the dlc is some interesting build depth for players who enjoy playing as a vampire or werewolf , slightly more powerful weapons for those who reach 100 smithing , and a bow substitute that can eventually be improved to ignore 50% armor at high levels , but needs to be earned through dawnguard questing . looking at all the info i think you can reach an objective conclusion that current players should not notice any major balance upsets .
yes , you can use both . poisoned and enchanted-ness are not mutually exclusive .
i think this would be very rare from a protoss because basically there is no benefit to delaying a 4-gate attack . let 's think of this from the protoss side . the point of a one-base 4-gate timing attack is to get the maximum production at the earliest time -- a time when zerg typically has barely any units . one base cannot sustain 4 gateways worth of production . so protoss has a small window where this timing attack is most effective , before zerg has had the time to prepare for it with queens , creep spread , 2-base economy , spine crawlers , and attacking units . if the attack is delayed , protoss gives zerg time to build all these things , nullifying the entire point of the attack . zerg should be on two bases already by the time the attack was supposed to happen , so if the attack is delayed , protoss is vastly behind in economy . if you are vastly behind in economy , the only way to win is to attack immediately and try to kill your opponent . turtling only puts you further behind , as your opponent ( zerg ) expands his empire . so as zerg , the simple advantage you have in this scenario is : more economy , more resources . you are ahead in resources which means you can simply do more of everything than protoss in every way . so your response to this bizarre protoss behavior would be : prepare enough defenses to hold off any potential attack , and use all the rest to put yourself more ahead and guarantee a win : keep scouting to see what he is doing . 4 gateways and no attack ? maybe he is throwing in some tech like dts or stargate . if you scout effectively , there will be no surprises . scout for any hidden expansions . burrow lings at every expo on the map . you can afford these extra units . keep a small army at his ramp to delay expansions and scout when he is trying to expand . keep him scared to move out , so he will invest in more turtle-style defenses . expand , safely . do not double-expand . it can be tempting to do that but use your resources wisely . you do not need to be on 4-base against 1-base . make static defense . make your bases drop-proof , close off ramps and high ground areas . get " just-in-case " tech like a hydralisk den , overseers , burrow , overlord speed . use the map control he is given you . spread creep everywhere , spread your overlords for vision . take all xel'naga towers . when you are ahead , you do not need to take risks , and you should play safe because you can afford that luxury . do not attack him until you are certain it will be a-move-to-gg .
in your inventory> details> offense you can see statistic called area damage . where it states : " all attacks have a 20% chance to also deal x % of the damage to enemies within 10 yards " where x is " area damage " bonus gained from items and paragon levels ( if skilled ) . each enemy that takes any damage from your hero , whether from aoe , dot or single target spell/attack , will have 20% chance to deal x% of the damage it received in 10 yards radius around him . making area damage more effective when used with aoe spells on large groups . source . when triggered area damage instances can not crit on their own ( no yellow numbers ) . however if you made critical strike on target that triggered area damage then it will splash x% of the critical damage you made . there is also possible naming title bug on this stat which could cause some confusion . it says " area damage chance : x%" where the title should be just " area damage : x%" . because the chance is static 20% and they used damage variable x . here is an in-depth guide about area damage that was featured on official diablo 3 website .
i would not really classify a base as " mature " or " premature " . even if you upgraded too early , it just means you have got to be a little more careful with spending your elixir . at 1300 trophies , i would have to say that you are doing just fine . remember that the difference in town hall level will change how much loot you get off other players . taken directly from the wiki : 0 - 100% 1 - 90% 2 - 50% 3 - 25% 4+ - 5% i also got to th8 relatively recently , and i can tell you the difference in available loot from when i was using th7 was definitely daunting . however it is not anything significant to fret over . as long as you can maintain relatively decent income , you should not have any issues continuing to upgrade . remember that even if you maxed out your th7 upgrades before hitting th8 , you will still hit a slump as you progress out of early th8 . attacking trophy range : for early th8 , i would recommend silver 1 through gold 2 . for late th8 where you are near the end of the upgrade path for your defenses , i would recommend gold 1 through crystal 3 as the optimal farming . attack strategies : for earning resources , i would recommend the barch attack pattern . essentially this attack pattern consists of the following : 60-80 barbarians 60-80 archers 60-80 goblins 3-4 giants the idea behind this strategy is to " snipe " the resource collectors of a given opponent . many base layouts push the resource collectors outside of all walls , while heavily protecting the storages within the walls . you are looking for those towns with a resource count generally 60k+ , nearly empty storages , and high-level collectors that are full . using the barbarians as meat shields , you would throw down a line of barbarians to attack the collectors , and follow up with a line of goblins , then archers to snipe them from safety . if you decide the barbarians are not enough , you can throw in a giant or two as extra meat shields . with this strategy , i can easily nab over a million of both gold and elixer in just a couple of hours playing . if i really sat down and focused on farming , i would say this strategy would easily bring in 1 million gold/elixer per hour . here is a popular youtube video demonstrating a variant of this strategy with just archers and goblins : now one thing you will want to learn is how to lure a clan castle . many players with a higher trophy count will have troops waiting for you . it only takes a handful of wizards or archers to completely annihilate your giants regardless of what healing you do . to lure out a clan castle , place a single archer within range of the castle . if troops come out , then place another archer also within range . keep placing archers until all the clan castle troops have come out . then , place an archer further away from the base or at a corner building , you might need more archers if the first dies . the idea here is to get the clan castle troops out of the way from those pesky mortars and anything else that might stomp down your fragile archers . once you have gotten the troops out of the range of cannons , archer towers , or wizard towers , place a giant and a semi-circle of archers to mow down the troops . this should clear up any unwanted visitors . defending at th8 , you are now more susceptible to those dangerous th9 troops more than ever . players at th9 get level 6 troops , and are more likely to employ heavy use of hog ridgers , dragons , and the occasional balloon run . at silver 3 to gold 2 , you are going to be attacked more by heavy combinations of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . at gold 3 to crystal 1 you will start seeing heavier use of hog riders and dragons . currently i sit at gold 1 . out of my last 10 attacks , 3 utilized hog riders , 1 utilized dragons and goblins , and the rest were a combination of barbarians , archers , goblins , and minions . what this means for you is that your base layout is going to need to be able to protect against a wide array of possible attacks . luckily you will continue to see more updated base layouts directly at the supercell forums , there is plenty of people there that are constantly coming up with new base layouts for various purposes . at this point , you will want a farming base to minimize loss of resources while trading off trophies instead . in no particular order of preference , here 's a few good farming layouts to help you get started : the tempest by orz : dominion by orz : trapception by iannation : the oski by yango : of course i would suggest always looking around on the forums if you are looking for something different to work with . these bases typically get updated every once in a while as things get improved . some bases may work better at early th8 than others , so try out a couple and see what works best for you .
the cases are 3.89 inches wide by 6.61 inches high with a depth of 0.55 inches ( although some may be slightly deeper ) . in metric measurements , this is 99mm x 168mm x 14mm .
open the " humble store " link that was sent to you by email after you bought ftl . there you can download the latest patch . if you lost access to that email address and the link to your humble page , you might be out of luck .
the in-game documentation states that the intelligence parameter on residents " aids in discovering new buildings . " so although there does not seem to be any visible indicator of your progress in researching new buildings , the game is using the total intelligence of all your town 's residents to determine how quickly you progress . based on this , the best way to unlock new buildings would be to maximize resident intelligence . there are three ways to do this : build more shops and facilities that increase intelligence when used . get more residents ( always have a house available for newcomers to move into ) . change resident professions to jobs with higher natural intelligence rating . job intelligence , from lowest to highest : farmer artisan merchant warrior vassal
as of release 1.1 , you can enter creative mode and use the new " spawn eggs " item to produce monsters , even in vanilla .
my understanding is you are immune from the point at which you see the credits roll for the first time . all of the bonus content is much harder , and in those stages , five or more deaths ceases to trigger the game 's assist features . i have 100% completed the game with glowy stars intact , by the way . my worst playthrough of a level after the main game was around 50 deaths . oh , how i wish that were hyperbole . ( as spoiler-free as i can make this . )
for better or for worse , i think that is kind of just how things go . each player puts effort in to what they enjoy the most or what is most useful for the type of character they want to play . the latter of which is pretty straight forward , i think . if you love battle , focus on weapons and armor ; if you want to be a mage , focus on enchanting , et cetera . however , unlike oblivion , you do not have to pick a skill every time you level up . instead , leveling up your skills boosts your character level . personally , i think this gives the player a lot more leeway in their character build , even if it does feel a little " all over the place " at times . this way , when you have maxed out all the " fighting " skills of your character , you could go back and just make them a kick ass mage as well . just my two cents , hope that answered part of your question at least . here 's a decent reference for the leveling system in skyrim : http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:leveling
funny you should mention it . . . you will need to keep playing the minigame until it is no longer available to achieve a perfect ' rank 101' achievement . you will also earn the " i love punching " achievement .
from this thread : the cottage is an upgraded house . you need to add the extra cottage parts next to an existing house . it gets you more points and stars , but no extra keflings . if you build all the components of a regular house , plus the two extra parts for a cottage , you can build a whole cottage . if , instead , you just build the two extra parts , and you have got room between your houses , you should see some squares around the house where you can place the new parts . once both are placed , your house automatically upgrades to a cottage .
make your own group , set your own rules . however if you do not understand the encounters or have the ability to lead a group , this will not work out well for you .
these are the numbers taken from the game interface with community event buff - your experience gain is increased with 50% im not gonna do that math for the rest but i assume they are either perfectly correct or close within a rounding error of being correct .
there is in the custom made levels , it came with creator pack 1 . however , it needs to be added in by those who made the level . most do but , some are not that forgiving . as for the main story levels i do not think there is . my daughter and i are on our 3rd play of it and it is something i wish was there but , does not seem to be .
the ps2 controller is fairly simple to take apart . sounds like the contacts are probably dirty and just not making contact properly for the buttons . link+video : http://screwattack.com/videos/how-to-take-apart-and-clean-your-ps2-controller not sure about the gamecube controller .
i was using toad of hugeness for a while in a cc build . my build went like this : primary : poison dart ( splinters ) secondary plague of toads ( toad of hugeness ) 1: grasp of the dead ( groping eels ) 2: wall of zombies ( unrelenting grip ) 3: mass confusion ( mass hysteria ) 4: gargantuan ( restless giant ) passive : jungle fortitude , spiritual attunement , pierce the veil i will happily admit that there is better cc that can be used on the secondary , however i was finding against small-sized champions , the huge toad would eat said champion , thus removing it temporarily from battle . this proved to be particularly useful as the minions could then be dealt with before the champion returns . the size of the enemy is important as to whether the toad will eat it or not . big enemies ( like wood wraiths ) will not get eaten by the toad .
first off : you really do not need a special build to be good at sniping in fo:nv . any weapon with a reasonably good scope and sufficient skill/strength to not have it wobble all over the place will be fine . high luck for increased crit chance is nice , but most of your attacks will be sneak attacks with a 100% chance to crit anyway . boone 's spotter and ed-e 's enhanced sensors bonus perks help a lot as well . beyond that , and beyond the usual damage increasing perks ( better criticals , et al ) , you may want to look at perks like hand loader , which provide the best ammo you can get for weapons like the gobi campaign scout rifle ( only available if you can get to 100 lockpick buffed ! ) , and other high end scoped weapons . the cowboy perk does not work with the best sniping weapons , but there are a few scoped guns suitable for mid-range or mid-game use . one other interesting possibility is to go an energy weapons route , again , taking the usual + crit and +damage perks , and being sure to grab meltdown asap . then pick up the ycs/186 gauss rifle and snipe things from a mile out , and watch them explode to kill their friends . fun for the whole family !
short answer : wait for a mod . long answer : you can sort of wing it with with the console . save before you do this in case you do not like the results . jump . open the console mid-jump . player.placeatme 89a85 1 this creates a living mannequin npc at your location . did you know mannequins are actually npcs with disabled animations ? creepy . unfortunately , there is no way to attach the special script that mannequins have to the npc you just created using the console . however : first , open the console , click on the mannequin so that it is id is shown : the tai command will disable ai for the mannequin . the openactorcontainer 1 command will show you the inventory the sexchange command will flip the gender . note that since the mannequin lacks whatever mannequin script the real implementations use you will have to use openactorcontainer 1 to change out the inventory . in addition , weapons do not seem to show up on mannequins added this way . you do this at your own risk , as we have no idea what kind of black magic the mannequin script contains to protect your items , make the weapons display , etc . the console is really for debugging the game , not editing the game . source .
you can not . the towers are auto-targeting . you can put sensor towers where indirect weapon fire should impact . the weapon will automatically controlled by the sensor tower , and fire at targets in the sensor´s line of sight ( and within the weapon´s reach ) .
unlike most other inventions , time machines do not appear in the sim 's inventory , instead they appear in the family inventory . go into the buy menu and access the family inventory to place it .
as it is , the base price is the same , whether in a pos or in station . the difference in prices is due to npc taxes ( flat +10% cost , not reduced by standings ) . the main difference between station industry and pos industry is not the job prices , but the material reduction when stacking industry-related pos modules . ( up to 15% materials reduction for supercaps , to 27% reduction for small ships . the rest of the max reduction value is between those two . ) [ see edit ] more accurate info may be found in the dev blogs : read them all . [ edit ] found more information in the crius v1 patch note : assembly arrays have been overhauled : all assembly arrays now have a 2% material reduction to manufactured products ( except for the drug laboratory , subsystem system array , rapid equipment assembly array and supercapital assembly array ) . assembly arrays will keep their 25% time reduction . advanced assembly arrays no longer 10% have material waste . they now all have 2% material reduction like their regular counterparts . rapid equipment array material waste now is 5% instead of 20% . a thukker component assembly array has been introduced : it gives a 25% reduction in manufacturing time and 10% reduction in required materials . can only build capital construction components and advanced capital construction components . source : dev blog : industry prices revamp in crius source : dev blog : pos revamp in crius
climb the steps on the left and the snake will try to bite you . after the second time , the cave should collapse .
move into the same square as the chair then drag your character onto it . you can also buckle someone in if you are adjacent to them this way- especially useful if they are handcuffed .
you can fix the arrow range in your " skyrim . ini " file . add : [Actor] fVisibleNavmeshMoveDist=XXXXX.0000 if for some reason you already have " [ actor ] " somewhere in there , just add the next part into that section . what this does it fixes arrows that can not hit anything past a certain range . e.g. , when you shoot something from really far away and it never hit , but when you get a little bit close , it hits . i recommend setting the value ( xxxxx . 0000 ) to something around your actor fade distance ( ~10000 ) . also , the arrows by default are aimed slightly above where your crosshair is . you can fix it with these lines : under " [ combat ] " add : f1PArrowTiltUpAngle=0.0 f3PArrowTiltUpAngle=0.0
while you can find ( and eventually enchant ! ) weapons with multiple enchantments , weapons in oblivion only have two states : enchanted , and unenchanted . once enchanted , weapons cannot be un-enchanted , and there is no way to add/subtract abilities , charge size , or effect magnitude after the initial enchantment . if you have not already , i would suggest you look into the enchanting guide at the unofficial elder scrolls wiki . the wiki also contains a list of " useful enchantments " which sounds like it might be useful for your purposes .
if you use signs , you can place signs on other signs and just cover the area needed . there is no way to use less than 1 sign per block though .
all enemies respawn when you exit/reenter the game ( with the possible exception of the destroyer ) . some respawn if you simply leave the area ( such as crawmerax ) . if you have the secret armory of general knoxx dlc , i would suggest farming crawmerax ( best experience , and the only way to reach max level of 69 ) . the added bonus is he also drops a lot of high level loot , including pearlescent weapons .
it is an option under the menu -> gameplay settings . let me look up the exact path for you real quick . edit : to get there , go menu ( f10 ) -> options -> gameplay settings . there is a dropdown menu on the left for " show unit status bars " . to always show health , change it from " normal " to " selected " ( to show health on only those units you have selected ) or " always " to show the health of every unit , ever .
this is an issue of multiple flukes combined into one giant mess . the map was originally generated prior to 1.7.10 , however the chunks containing the stronghold were generated after an update . because of this , the end portal was in a different location than what the eyes of ender reported . to resolve this , i took the seed , -4365712075075430210 , created a new world in creative mode , and navigated to the above coordinates . when i used an eye of ender , it proceeded into a different direction about 100 meters away . upon digging down , sure enough there was the end portal in my creative world in a completely isolated section of the stronghold . writing down the coordinates , i went to them in my hardcore world , and the portal was there as well . in short , if you create a world in a previous version of minecraft , upgrade to a later version , then explore the chunks containing the stronghold , there is a solid chance that the end portal is going to be in a slightly different location than what the eyes of ender report . you could generally find it just by navigating the stronghold , however i was not able to locate my specific end portal because it was isolated and walled off all by itself in my specific seed .
it is possible , but tricky , to do it if you happen to be : a hunter a goblin an engineer a demonology warlock the trick is to aggro razorgore , then jump from a ledge near the grethok the controller to a balcony . once on the balcony , razorgore will continue to attack you , but grethok will call off the alarm , preventing adds from coming in to kill razorgore : as long as you quickly kill grethok and the other two orcs , and stop controlling razorgore once you hit ~25 seconds left on the mind exhaustion debuff , you can destroy the eggs with impunity and take razorgore down . hunters , goblins , and engineers to jump to the balcony , you need to use : hunter : disengage to jump backwards goblin : rocket jump engineer : the nitro boosts belt tinker the youtuber shopebay1 put out two videos demonstrating the basic premise . as a hunter with disengage and a parachute : as an engineer with nitro boosts : note that i found trying this with the nitro boosts to be extremely frustrating : you only have a few seconds , it is prone to failure , and it has a three minute cooldown , meaning if you do not make the jump it is a wipe . demonology warlock demonology warlocks have it easy . before pulling razorgore , make the jump using demonic leap . once on the balcony , summon a demonic circle . then , pull razorgore : once you are in range of the demonic circle , pull one of the orcs and teleport . then , follow the same strategy described above and demonstrated in shopebay1 's videos .
