at 30% normal accuracy ( 15% with rapid fire ) , the two will do the same amount of damage , on average . at 29% normal accuracy , a normal attack will do more . at 31% accuracy , a rapid fire attack will do more . x-axis = chance to hit with normal fire y-axis = average damage per ability use ( assuming 10 damage per successful hit ) assuming you do 10 damage per hit : at 29% normal accuracy , you will do 2.9 damage per normal fire on average , and rapid fire will do 2.8 ( 24.08% chance to hit for 10 damage plus 1.96% chance to hit for 20 damage ) . at 30% accuracy , both will do 3 damage per ability use on average . at 31% accuracy , a normal attack will do 3.1 average damage , while a rapid fire attack will do 3.2 average damage . here is a spreadsheet where i did the calculations .
in order to use bandages , you need to use the medical screen . i believe the hotkey is c . first , take the clean rag out of wherever you have it stored . then switch to the medical screen , and find where you are bleeding . you will be able to drop the rag onto the wound like it is got an inventory slot . i am not sure if rags go from clean to dirty ( my one character who survived long enough to bandage died shortly thereafter ) , but if they do , you should be able to remove the dirty rag , and replace it with a clean one .
you can get emerald sword by beating the invisible bot ( you can battle with the invisible robot from the castle in the clouds )
you can only upgrade a merchant one time with the investor perk ( speech 70 ) . however you can get another perk , master trader ( speech 100 ) which gives every trader in the world an additional 1000 gold . [ source : game and official strategy guide ]
the chakram launcher should be available to you immediately . once you find the first weapon bench you should be able to select it under the list of available assault rifles . alternately , if you find a weapon during a mission , you can choose to change your loadout and equip the weapon that way . if the weapon is not showing up , it might be that it was not unlocked . in order to unlock the chakram launcher , you have to get to the end of the 45 minute timed segment of the kingdomes of amalur demo . the reckoner knight armor should be available once you return to the normandy after the citadel section . if you go to the armory , there is an area that allows you to change your armor . the second slider down allows you to select the reckoner armor . regarding your ea accounts , no additional linking should be necessary as long as you are playing with the same account/console that you played the demo on .
always , always sell to re-tail . they will always buy your items at a higher price than the nook stores will . while the nookling store does upgrade in this game , they upgrade only based on the amount you have spent in their store , not the combined buy/sell amount . you can see all shop upgrades here and their requirements on their respective pages , where you can see that the only requirement is bells spent . so you are not missing out on anything if you buy from nook 's and sell to re-tail .
fill the bar about half full at the start , then wait . the guy will give you a final warning 10 seconds before the auction ends ( i believe he literally says something about 10 seconds ) . mash like mad at this point , and generally they will never manage to get a bid in after you . once you have got the timing down you can easily get the bid in with 3~ seconds left , and i have not once had someone slip in a bid after that time . if there is less than 5 seconds left there is zero need to stun them , just add a single rupee . if the auction bar accidentally fills early , do not place a bid . attempt to pay the current bid and your bid will be rejected and your bar starts half full instead of empty . unless you make this mistake extremely close to the end , you will have plenty of time to mash a to fill the bar again . also note that bringing up the bid ui will show you the exact time remaining , and note that the infuriating dialog of other auctioneers does not eat into the time . you can stun the other auctioneers with a significantly higher bid too ( not sure how much , 50 rupees ? ) and prevent them from bidding , but in my experience if you do this too early it is useless , and if you do this too late you might as well just wait for the 10 second warning and you should pay the same or less as you would have by bumping the price up considerably .
kinda . the thing to remember is that it is not the weapons that matter , but the abilities of the profession who is using them . the axe in the hands of a necromancer is a fast weapon . in the hands of a warrior , it is a bit slower . each ability has an effective " cast " or animation time that does not change depending on the weapon you wield ( though you can really only see this with utilities ) , and since there is no auto-attack ( just abilities that , again , have a certain cast time ) , guild wars 2 has no real concept of attack speed . the only way to make things happen faster , is to acquire the quickness boon .
no . you cannot craft potions that will , for example , fill your health bar completely , no matter your hp deficit . however , you can create potions of sufficient potency that they will be functionally identical if you grab the right key perks and abuse enchanting while you are at it .
i just tested this by merciclessly slaughtering sven and hilde while they slept in their riverwood home . unfortunately ( or fortunately , if you have , you know , scruples ) , even after death all of their chests are considered " owned": you still get marked as a thief for attempting to open them , which is a sure sign the room is not safe to store belongings in . so no , despite what davy jones or any salty seadog might tell you , it is not safe to use a dead man 's chest and/or store rum in it .
from the ea website , the following weapons are categorized as stationary : heavy mg x312 heavy mg kord stationary at korn anti-ait gun zu23 as they are not really up to date on their websites as always , expansions may add other weapons to the list .
there is no way to transfer a character between leagues " on demand " . generally speaking , you will have to create a new character in the league your friends are in . or they will have to create one in yours . however , leagues can have rules concerning character transferral/demotion to a different league . this usually happens on the character 's death ( for hardcore leagues ) and the season ending ( for challenge leagues ) .
wow , this is actually really hard to find and as soon as i read the question i knew exactly the link i was looking for . strange . anyway , here you go : http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=80483 sc2 matches are held here : http://www.gomtv.net/faq/view.gom?conid=60920, but if you want to see sc:bw you will have to use the above link . mbcgame no longer exists so you will want to look into ogn to watch sc1 matches . good luck !
on most home networks , there is only one " public " ip address , and it is assigned to whatever 's connected directly to your cable or dsl modem . this device is usually a router of some sort . this router box " shares " the single ip with all the devices on your local network through a set of technologies and protocols called network address translation , or nat . nat works seamlessly when computers on your local network are making connections to the internet , but it usually requires configuration if computers on the internet want to make connections to your local network . this configuration is typically referred to as " port forwarding . " for every server port you wish to make available to the internet on one of your local machines , you will need to set up a port forwarding rule . the way you do this depends on your router make and model , so you will want to read the documentation that came with your router . i believe some people have used portforward . com when their documentation was not readily available . the port you will want to forward is probably 27015 , although this is configurable on the command line to hlds . exe , so it might vary . you will want to forward it to the ip address of the local machine that is running the server . for instance , if your local machine 's ip is 192.168.0.50 , and you have got hlds set up on 27015 , you had need to set the router up to forward both tcp and udp on 27015 to ip address 192.168.0.50 . then , your friends over the internet could connect to your server by specifying your internet ip address ( which is the ip address your router is getting from the modem ) and port 27015 . there are a lot of thorny network issues that can also get in the way here . be prepared to do some experimentation , as this is likely to be a learning experience for you : )
it is bolvar fordragon , paladin of the silver hand , commander of the alliance 's combined military forces in northrend , former regent of stormwind , and fallen hero of the wrathgate . he was thought dead at the wrathgate , but had in fact survived and been captured by the scourge , and tortured , with the eventual intention of being made into a death knight , much like saurfang the younger . however , unlike saurfang , bolvar resisted until arthas 's defeat . after arthas menethil , mortal host of the lich king , was slain , tirion fordring took up the helm of domination , the crown of the lich king , preparing to don it himself . as he did so , bolvar intervened , calling from his seat upon the frozen throne , his body warped by the red dragonflight 's fire . as a last act of service to azeroth , bolvar asked that tirion place the helm of domination on his head . as the self-appointed " jailer of the damned , " bolvar seeks to keep the scourge under control . as bolvar encased himself and the frozen throne once again in ice , he warned tirion that no one could know what happened . tirion would have to tell the world that the lich king was dead , yet as his voice changed , he added that bolvar fordragon had died with him .
they show the places where others have died . i tested this out with a friend . i played a match , got a kill on him and left the game . i checked the map and it showed the place he died at with heat .
the first tip i would give you might be obvious , but nevertheless many seem to forget it : use your index/middle finger instead of your thumb . you will find that if you place the controller on a surface and tap the buttons with your index finger , you achieve a much faster pressing rate . the second tip comes straight from the pro , toshiyuki takahashi ( a . k.a. takahashi meijin , a . k.a. 16 shot ) , that tip is to use you middle/index finger and your thumb together in a downward vibrating motion , see the following video : as any rapid , repeated motion , it can cause damage over time , so give your fingers and palms a rest once in a while . . .
unfortunately , there is not a way to do that . it is something people have been asking for on a few forums , but so far , it has not been implemented . you will have to wait to see what the random person decides to do , and if they choose to friend you , you can always unfriend them by right-clicking their name in your list of contacts , and then clicking " unfriend " .
in wait mode if you are in a command menu ( i.e. . choosing an item or tech to use ) time effectively stops . in active mode , active time battle bar is always going ; that is the one that fills up and your character can act when it is full . this includes yours and the enemy 's which you can not see . when you are just in the main combat screen and not in a particular menu there is no difference . once you learn dual-techs you might actually prefer active mode , because in wait mode you would have to sit in the main screen waiting for both characters to be ready to act , whereas in active mode you can just select the tech while waiting and then just choose it . that is actually one of the reasons that wait mode does not make it completely " turn-based " the way you expect it to . you sometimes need to wait till 2 characters are ready to act simultaneously and if time stopped when it was 1 character 's turn , you would not be able to do so .
a light source illuminates a diamond ( it does not " travel " diagonally ) . light does spread around corners , but does not travel through most solid objects . a torch placed on a pillar will provide light on the opposite side , but the light has to travel around the piller . the open space immediately adjacent to the piller and opposite the torch , is 2 spaces away , but takes the light 4 spaces to go around the piller . therefore , from a starting light level of 14 at the torch , the open space will have a light level of 10 , in the abscence of another source of light .
on the bottom left of steam there is a button that says ' add a game ' simply click that , select ' none steam game ' and find the ' skse . exe ' which should be in your root skyrim directory . name it whatever you had like , does not matter . when you launch it via steam it will start skyrim using skse . however all the steam stats will be added to the official skyrim game in steam . so everything works as it should !
this is an effect of the dementia trait . occasionally you will encounter an enemy that is only in your head . see my answer here for a full list of traits .
quickness affects your chance to hit with ranged attacks and to dodge . i have not played a troll , but i think base move speed for every characters is the same . there are a few ways you can increase move speed for your character : equip clothes that give + to move speed ( stealth suit , ninja outfit , etc give +1 ; street brawler gives +2 ) there is at least one cyber implant that gives + to move speed ( wired reflex ) racoon totem spell gives +2 to movement for all allies within range . if your character focuses on chi casting , the stride spell gives +4 to move
you do not need a gold membership to customize or tune cars , however , you do need it to upload created paint jobs , tuning files , and vinyls to the storefront to sell to other players , to join a club , or to share things with a club you have joined . if you want to create custom vinyls for your car , you can go to play career > paint > create vinyl group . once you are in the menu here , simply create your design layer-by-layer and , once you have what you want , save it . ( doing this the first time also nets you an achievement . ) if you want to tune your car to your liking , ho to play career > upgrade > tune setup and you will be presented with the option of changing the setup ( tuning ) of your car . when you have things how you like , hit the start button and select save current setup to save the tuning file .
no ; you can attack , but obviously less effectively than the assault juggernaut . the riot shield has a melee attack ( bashing ) , and you also get a usp . 45 pistol as a secondary weapon . the shield is mostly useful for defending ( say , a control point ) , but if you get a couple of team mates to follow you , you can also provide an nigh-invincible distraction and cover for an offensive front .
you get more uses . according to the minecraft wiki article on it , the formula is : floor ( item a uses + item b uses + ( max uses / 10 ) ) so not only do you save inventory space by combining ( "repairing" ) partially used tools , you actually get more uses out of the combined tool .
a chain cannot form if there is more than one open space between active runes or nodes . more info at the wiki : thaumcraft 4 crafting this is how it should look like .
as of gen v ( black/white ) , legendary pokemon encountered in-game have absolutely 0% chance of being shiny . shiny legendary pokemon are now only obtainable through events or hacking .
first of all vilemaw is really very strong neutral monster ( maybe nerf ) who gets harder by every minute of game . general is harder than dragon and weaker than baron nashor . i will make a comparision by max health to understand dragon : 3200 + ( 220 * highest champion level ) vilemaw : 5011 + 280 per player level + 150 per minute baron nashor : 9876 + 125 per minute dragon health do not scale per time . vilemaw and baron scales making them harder and harder to beat late in game . additionaly vilemaw damage also scales in time . there are not any other monster which do that . he have dragon damage after ~17 minutes and baron after ~43 . in concluson - treat it as a challenge like a baron nashor .
no , spec ops has its own leveling and unlock system . the leveling and unlocks in multiplayer are unrelated . in fact , i believe that there are some guns that are only in spec ops , and others that are only in multiplayer .
for the red drones , give the following : if(me.getY()&gt;11) me.move('up'); else if(me.getX()&gt;0) me.move('left');  the yellow drones can be given this : me.moveToward('block');  give the green drones this code : if(me.getY()&gt;11) me.move('up'); else if(me.getX()&lt;map.getWidth()-1) me.move('right');  just move right and the red and green drones will line up and move towards the top corners .
ive played through a couple promotions and it seems like points are maintained across promotions . i know this was not always true , but it was on nov 17 ( last promotion i had ) . that said there is no good way to compare players who have not faced off . . . period . not across leagues , not across divisions , not within divisions . points are a completely inaccurate measurement and rankings are based off of points . if we look at the blizzard top 200 ( released ) we see poor correlation with points . blizzard uses hidden ranking for those numbers . if we compare that ranking to the elo ranking that some fan sites use , we see an even different set of results . the reality is that voting systems ( game theory ) require impractical amounts of data for a game like starcraft . the result being that you rarely ever get an accurate ranking system .
you can learn a single power in the normandy medical bay . learning a new one will replace the old power . it costs 5000 credits . powers will be unlocked through dialogue with your companions . each has 2 powers to give , one generally unlocking fairly early and the other one significantly later . make sure to talk to them after a mission both on the normandy and in the various citadel districts .
this was actually fixed in patch 1.2 ! awesome .
unfortunately , no there is not . ea has created the " head to head seasons " ( h2h-s ) game mode with many restrictions in order to keep the matches " fair " ( the more correct term would be " uniform" ) . therefore , when playing a h2h-s match , there are many game-play options that are " greyed out " or disabled for this reason . as another example , ea does not allow the player to switch back to legacy defending ( the old type of defending from previous fifa games ) in h2h-s . i guess ea has deemed that controlling the keeper is not a fair option to exercise in a match ( which i agree with honestly- the keepers become ridiculously overpowered when you control them ) . hope this helps !
as of version 1.0.1 you can use the command-line parameter /dx9 to force the game to directx 9.0c mode and fix the crash . using the command-line parameter all versions create a shortcut for banished 64-bit executable ( application-steam-x64 . exe for steam version ) edit the shortcut properties and add /dx9 to the end of the " target " field : steam only banished > properties > set launch options add /dx9 to the field shown : notes this does not save the setting and will only use it as long as the parameter is present . removing the parameter will revert to the default setting ( which can be the same ! ) similarly , you can use /dx11 to force the game to use directx 11 .
the esrb requires all esrb website council ( ewc ) members to add age gates to all websites for mature-rated or adults only-rated games : 2.2 if the audio-visual content contains material from a mature-rated or adults only-rated game ( or one that is anticipated to receive either rating ) , display an esrb-compliant age-gate prior to access or purchase . 2.3 utilize an age-neutral approach ( e . g . , “please enter your date of birth . ” ) , when requesting the manual entry of a birth date from a visitor trying to access age-gated audio-visual content ; 2.4 employ reasonable measures ( e . g . , dropping a session cookie ; returning visitor to the home page ) to prevent visitors under the age of 17 ( or 18 ) from re-entering a different birth date once they have initially been denied access to age-gated audio-visual content and utilize an age-neutral approach in the error message ( e . g . , “sorry , you may not access this content . ” ) ; source : esrb website council " code of conduct " ( pdf )
first , back up your save games and then you can try using autohotkey to create quicksave backups . the way i have set up ahk , it should refuse to overwrite files , but i would not trust your only copy of your skyrim saves to this , as it is untested . again , i provide no warranty , use at your own risk . try the following , using autohotkey : edit the paths as needed for the location of the quicksave file and where you want the backups to go . if you put the " backupfilename " location as the save directory , then it will probably show up in your list of saved games , and they will be named with the date/time you quicksaved previously . once you have edited it to your liking , you will have to put this in a file with the extension " . ahk " and double click . i do not have skyrim , so i can not test this out personally . hopefully it at least points you in the right direction .
most games i will have roughly 1-2 units per city when i do not expect to declare war , located near the border of the civs i expect might declare war on me , dependent on tech level and whether i went for tradition ( tradition means up to 1 more unit per city due to no upkeep ) . when i begin plans to attack , that increases to around 2.5 units per city , and i use about 80 percent of my units during the war keeping the others at home . in general with regards to ranged versus melee , you should frequently build 3-4 melee total , and have everyone else be ranged . melee is inferior in civ5 , its mostly for taking cities and hit/run with cavalry . build more melee when you have tech advantage or a uu , but you will virtually always want 50+ percent of your army to be ranged . i play on king/emperor , but tactics transfer well down difficulties .
in black ops there are ' cod points ' , and they are used throughout the multiplayer to buy new equipment , perks , killstreaks , camo , and playercard emblems . these cost nothing to buy , they are simply earned over the course of regular gameplay ( with bonuses being given upon completing gameplay challenges ) . there are 4 types of wager match - gun game , sticks and stones , one in the chamber and sharpshooter ( descriptions here ) . there are 3 playlists , ranging from a low buy in to higher ones . the playlists are ante up ( default buy-in of 10 cod points ) , weekend gambler ( default buy-in of 1,000 cod points ) , and high roller ( default buy-in of 10,000 cod points ) . the buy in and prizes are always the same in each playlist ( unless each player in the game agrees to ' double down' ) . all cod points are earned in-game and cannot be bought or transferred between players .
according to this post in the borderlands wiki , all of moxxi 's weapons return 2% of damage back as health . the rubi is much higher ( 12% ) , in case you were wondering .
the location smoothing option , when turned on , lets you get a more accurate location positioning by using data from wifi networks and cell towers around you . it should not increase bandwidth usage , but i am quite sure it drains your battery faster .
for certain items there are basically two : randuins omen and frozen heart . both of them work really well for most champions . randuins provides health , armor an attackspeed debuff and a movementspeed debuff active while frozen heart provides mana , armor and cooldown reduction with a strong attackspeed debuff aura . basically there is no real hardcounter item to autoattackers but rather the basic thing you have to buy against these champions : armor . as you have already said , cc and kiting will be the most effective things to do against these champions . tt is rather bruiser and cc dominated this means you should not have too much trouble handling an autoattacker , just make sure you focus him right . now another item that is really effective against these champions is wooglet 's witchcap . the only problem with it : it is only viable on ap or hybrid champions . the active will still force the ( squishy ) auttoattacker to refocus .
short and sweet answer : no . danger zone is checked when the ability is cast . likewise , an ability that causes rumble to overheat will still cast ( even allowing the 2nd shot of electro harpoon , despite being locked out of other abilities ) .
it is not your ftl speed , but the rate your ftl charges at while in combat . http://ftlwiki.com/wiki/systems#engines Upgrading improves dodge chance and the rate that your FTL drive charges  faster charging is useful when you want to get out of a sector sooner without fighting .
how to : ( 1 ) start reviving one player , ( 2 ) res another , ( 3 ) finish reviving the former player . result : the former player will automatically and immediately get a second wind if they enter ffyl mode . it was patched in update v1.5.0 ( released april 18 , 2013 ) . fixed an exploit where players could become invincible occasionally through the siren 's res skill .
ranged attacks are always a good way to begin . that forces the opponent to either sit there blocking and slowly weaken , or to come at you which can not be done whilst mashing buttons , and thereby creates an opening for you to exploit . the rest , really , is just timing . i remember back when i used to play soul caliber in the arcades as taki , who is agile as all hell but has extremely short range . at first i would get whipped by button-mashers playing as kilik or someone else equally long-ranged like siegfried . but once i got a good feel for the reach of their weapons , and the timing of their attacks , it was easy to dart in and out and generally cut them to pieces . to be blunt ( but not to be rude ) , if you are losing to button-mashers in fighting games you just are not very good at fighting games yet . pick a character you like in a game you like and learn their full move set and a few elementary combos . once you are comfortable with what you have , you can begin addressing how to defeat what you are against .
for 2v2: check out the bottom section of liquipedia wiki - strategies . you can learn much just by watching youtube videos and practicing things you learned there . for 2v2 , check out these for 3v3 , there are existing articles out there : basic tips early-game : defensive builds mid-game : protoss mid-game : terran mid-game : zerg end-game : options i guess that once you are good at the above the 4v4 does not differ much , i would not suggest playing it either as you will need to find more people and will have to wait longer . it is not competitive either , as tzenes has pointed out earlier in one of his answers . the maps are not made for it which can make the choice of races unbalanced . . . unit synergy of different races i would suggest every race to create his own composition of units , why ? if you create only one type of units instead and your friend the others , you will depend much more heavy on one resource . ( example : marines would be minerals only ) when controlling your army , if you are alone it is much more easier to command your different types of units so they do not accidently die . then you avoid sending in vikings over a group of enemy marines . . . if you were separated , you would have to share such thoughts with your friends and then his vikings might arrive to early or too late . when talking about different races , you can ask and plan what units to create to accompany your friends ' army . if he is planning an air assault , you could create some ground units just to distract the opponent away from the air as you both attack . . . is there some kind of roles in good teams ? this could be done , but can be risky depending on how you do it . . . for example , if you have a player that is only harvesting , his defense/army would probably be weaker and thus you will need to defend his base to counter that . but by doing that , you weaken your own base and have less units where you actually would want them . . . so , for that role for example , do not just point one out as the harvester but also plan for his harvesting to not fail as you will be dependent on it . think of his base as one of your expansions . this is probably an early-game problem to think about , maybe he initially should create an army to defend against people rushing him . . .
frag grenades are on a timer , and explode after several seconds , regardless of the surfaces they contact or where they roll . the advantage of the frag is that you can bounce it off of surfaces , and therefore you can do indirect damage to enemies that are around a corner . you can also get a bit more distance between you and a target , as they will bounce and roll on flat terrain . plasma grenades stick to surfaces , and then detonate shortly afterwards . this can make them good against enemies that tend to dodge when grenades are thrown at them . if you connect with the throw , it is a guaranteed hit , and in most cases a guaranteed kill . however , without the ability to bounce , they are a bit shorter range and can not be used as effectively for indirect fire . pulse grenades are the new promethean grenade type . when thrown , they detonate when the hit a surface . however , they will spend several seconds creating a shield- and health- draining sphere with a fairly limited radius . it is about as tall as a spartan , elite , or knight . after a couple of seconds , they explode , doing significant damage . since they are a bit more area-of-effect and damage-over-time , they are good for when you know you have an enemy pinned or stunned . the sphere 's area of effect also slows vehicles caught within it .
you can make a smurf account to relive the mmr determination phase of a player . afterwards , you had probably go back to what you are in your first account . another reason can be if you do not want your first account identity to be discovered when you want to play some particular play that are typically frowned upon . you can only have 1 dota2 account per steam account as it is tied to each other . you can make another steam account , however , to make a smurf account for dota2 .
you can use the cat potion to easily see the blood trail in the forest . there are at least three trails to follow , all starting near the gate between lobinden and flotsam . by keeping ( mostly ) to your right , you will end at human corpses . but if you try to keep to your left , geralt will mumble something about " he is getting weaker , can not be far now . " that trail also ends in someone else 's body . but from there turn around and keep to your left again . cedric is not far from there .
brawl does not allow you to use the d-pad for movement if there is a control stick available ( on any controller , classic or otherwise ) . there are legitimate reasons for this ; using the d-pad instead of a control stick will gimp your controls slightly . i believe this also has to do with how the control maps are coded - because up , down , and side are different functions in non-wiimote alone setups , you can not " merge " the whole thing into " movement " and " jump " . ( they had to carve up a few mechanics to squeeze the game into the d-pad anyway , it gimped parts of the game engine itself . ) it is the exception ; the control stick is the rule ( and indeed the crux of the series ) . of course there are probably hacks for this , but i do not know any offhand .
they are saved in : c:\users [ username ] \appdata\local\ironclad games\sins of a solar empire\ there is a save-singleplayer and save-multiplayer folder that contains save games from each category .
the best way i have found is to go to steamgamesales and sort by Savings . i am not sure how often it updates , but it looks up to date . this site also includes sales from other websites besides steam which provide steam keys .
the multiplayer in minecraft is not quite working fully at the minute . what you are trying to do would work in single player survival , though . to do this you use the bucket ( right click ) on the lava source to get a bucket of lava , then use the bucket again where you want the source to be dropped .
you can have two different memory cards , one for each user , but you will need to do a factory reset each time you swtich your memory cards , see the following video , courtesy of ign :
the order in which the bombs drop depends on the plane . some planes drop the bombs fitted on the wings first , others drop them from the bay . bombs on the wings tend to be the smaller weight bombs . if a bomber is dropping ordinance from the bay usually the big ones go first . so it all really depends on the type of plane you are flying , the only rule is that the same plane with the same load-out will always drop the bombs in the same order .
turn your pip light on and off , if that doesnt work , wait for it to be patched .
the aliens " communicate " only with other awakened groups . however , their behavior of the " sleeping " squads will change according to the mission : if it is a normal abduction or downed/landed craft they will just sit quietly in their spot until you " activate " them . only the activated groups will take part in the action . one time even happened to me that i had an inactive group at the very edge of my line of sight ( i saw only one and a half of the three aliens in the group ) and an alien retreated back to where they stood , and they still were inactive . there is an exception to this with mechanical enemies ( the cyberdisk and the sectopod ) , floaters and mutons , which roam the battlefield and do not wait in one place , so they can activate themselves by entering your los . on a terror mission , the aliens are all roaming through the battlefield trying to kill civilians , so they can enter into your line of sight and then get activated , like the roaming enemies during abduction/ufo missions . however , both enemies on a terror mission and roaming units will not move to engage you , but rather move on the battlefield without clear purpose until they are activated . so they will not pursue you until they are activated , and if they are the ones that enter your los , they will not have time to engage you , which will give you 1 turn to deal with them , before they attack you . on bomb disposal and extraction missions there are 2 types of enemies : the enemies that are already in place , who will act as normal enemies and not get activated until you activate them , and the thin men reinforcement ( the thin men that drop from the sky toward the end of those missions ) . the reinforcement aliens are activated from the minute that they enter the battlefield , so even if one of them is far away from you , you can be sure that it'll move in order to engage and attack you .
you can use general early game farming techniques , like walking back and forth on the edge of the enemies attack range . you can fake some moves so you can grab a few creepkills when not expected . also , farming up with q is indeed often used . you can try and farm up a tear of the goddess as fast as you can , so you can spam your skills and use that to farm . try to figure out per game if it is more profitable to use your spells on the enemy and force him to back out or miss some creepkills , or use them to get some creepkills . always try to melee lasthit the creep if you think you will survive and will not lose too many hitpoints . else , just sit it out and farm under your tower untill level 6 . remember , two hits from a turret on a melee creep leaves him with so little hp that every champion can lasthit that creep .
those hirelings are also known as mercenaries . as listed on diablowiki .netonly the weapon and off-hand slots have restrictions as followed : rouge scouts ( act i ) only bows ( no crossbows or Amazon only bows ) can use cold arrow or fire arrow in addition to inner sight desert mercenaries ( act ii ) spears , javelins and polearms ( no Amazon only equipment ) use jab attack and have a aura dependent on type and difficulty they were bought in iron wolves ( act iii ) shield and sword skills depend on type : inferno or fireball for fire glacial spike , ice blast , frozen armor for cold charged bolt and lightning bolt for lightning they will not hit much with the sword - look for caster-bonus on it ! barbarians ( act v ) barbarian class-specific items , one sword ( no dual-wielding ) use bash and stun additionally to the type restrictions , mercenaries follow the items requirements for strength , dexterity and level . back when i played diablo ii , act ii mercenaries were the most common choice due to their buff-auras .
since torchlight ii will have completely new character classes , and none of the ones from torchlight i will have a comingback , you will not be able to use old characters . it is also stated in torchlight ii faq in runic games official forum : will i be able to import my old characters ? no , the original characters will be in the game as npcs , as will other npcs of the destroyer , vanquisher , and alchemist class types . additionally , due to various changes in gamplay systems the old character files will not be able to be imported as-is , as detailed below : along with the story the game will use a new wardrobing system opposed to the one in torchlight . as a result they did not reuse the torchlight character assets .
as of patch 3.7 , may 2013 , the game now officially supports item sets . you can define sets of items in the launcher , and use these in-game at the shop . you can define multiple sets , multiple categories per set , and any number of items per category . for each item set , you can specify what champions and maps it appears on , or set them to appear globally . in-game , you click on the recommended tab to access a drop-down list which will have all the item sets available to that champion for that map . if you specify an item set to be specific to a champion , it will default to that item set when you first visit the shop . once in-game , if you select an item set through the shop , it saves that item set selection in Config/game.cfg under [ recommendeditems ] , and the next time you play that champion on that map it will show the item set by default . the item sets are currently stored client-side in RADS/projects/lol_air_client/releases/*highestVersionNumber*/deploy/bin/preferences/*username*.properties . if you play on multiple computers , simply copy this file to copy your item sets . they have plans to move them sever-side in the future , so you will eventually have access to them from any computer . they have also hinted that they may be adding import/export functionality , to share your item sets more easily .
the reason this is happening is that the wii 's signal output is analog . with newer tvs , i.e. most lcd screens , the input is digital . there is a significant delay ( on the order of 4-10 frames , depending on the tv ) when converting from analog to digital . this is the reason you will see dozens of crts at venues for tournaments for older games like ssbm - the lag when playing on lcd screens is unacceptable . to solve the problem , anything you can do to reduce the processing the tv has to do will help . any settings that enhance the picture quality should be disabled for best results - ironically , this means that if your tv has a ' game mode ' to disable it , because ' game mode ' enhances the contrast and colour which is generally considered better for games .
here 's a video walkthrough of 3-11 through 3-15: http://www.rovio.com/index.php?page=angry-birds-walkthrough-videos#3_11_15 direct link to just that video
it is a glitch/bug , and it is not the only bug related to the upper right corner . after you get certain items in the game each time that you exit the loading screen the same messages will appear there . if you are afraid that you have missed an important message , you can always go to the animus menu ( not the map ) and there you can see the animus messages .
based on numbers of kills ( 10 and 25 man combined ) it looks like the progression path is like follows : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear there is more heroic stone guard kills than normal grand empress shek'zeer and sha of fear kills . this could be because it is easier than the 2 bosses on normal or because it has been out longer . but it looks like it is around the time you are missing one of thous bosses on normal you should start on heroic . most guilds will push for kills in the order that the bosses occur in , so the list will of course also reflect that ( since it is ordered by number of guilds that have killed the boss ) , and the team composition you have available may also affect your preferred path . for 10 man only kills the list is changed a bit : heroic mogu 'shan vaults : stone guard heroic mogu 'shan vaults : feng the accursed heroic mogu 'shan vaults : gara'jal the spiritbinder heroic mogu 'shan vaults : elegon heroic mogu 'shan vaults : four kings heroic heart of fear : blade lord ta'yak heroic mogu 'shan vaults : will of the emperor heroic heart of fear : wind lord mel'jarak heroic heart of fear : garalon heroic heart of fear : imperial vizier zor'lok heroic heart of fear : amber-shaper un 'sok heroic terrace of endless spring : lei shi heroic terrace of endless spring : protectors of the endless heroic heart of fear : grand empress shek'zeer heroic terrace of endless spring : tsulong heroic terrace of endless spring : sha of fear
there was another thread which asked why protoss was the easiest race . this was closed for obvious reasons , but i will repeat the answer i wrote : protoss have a number of things that make them friendly to new players : workers do not build buildings . instead they start buildings and the buildings build themselves fewer , stronger , units . protoss units tend to be tougher and more expensive than their terran and zerg equivalents . this can mean less micromanaging is necessary . good static defense . photon cannons provide both air and ground defense making them a nice staple for new players . strong gateway units . the bulk of a protoss force comes out of the gateway , one of the first structures you build . this emphasis on a tier 1-1.5 ( zealots , stalkers , sentries ) often makes life easier for new players . that said , i started with zerg , and i really enjoy them . also if you come from more traditional rts , you might find terran to be more familiar . in the end , it does not matter where you start as long as you put in the time to learn it .
yep , the m key will bring you right to the loadout screen for the class you are currently playing as .
it sure is high enough to trigger the widow mines . but like you say , the widow mines goes for the highest priority , which is non-hallucinated units . bonus info : you can attack with the widow mine yourself . if you rather kill a stalker , not a zealot , simply attack click the stalker , and the widow mine will target the stalker . this move can be useful for defense and for a widow mine mine-line drop .
though i am not into wow , it looks like somebody acquired the legendary staff dragonwrath , tarecgosa 's rest . according to wowpedia : once the staff is completed , blue drakes will appear hovering above stormwind and orgrimmar . these images both look similar , from mmochampion . org :
right now the horse only gives you speed for a gameplay improvement , but in next versions now that the fight system is corrected , it will increase your damage and we are planning to give the horse a complete set of different upgrades !
overloading ( or overheating ) gives a small boost to the module . i am going to link a couple of resources at the end , because they will cover all of the aspects far better than i ever could . i will , however , give a short rambling on when and why i overload : overloading gives a different bonus based on which type of module you are overloading . it ' improves ' the function of the module by a specific amount , increasing the effect . the drawback is that the modules heat up , dealing an amount of damage per cycle . if the amount of damage absorbed by the module goes over it is health ( iirc , 40 for pretty much every mod in the game ) the module ' breaks ' and becomes unusable until it is repaired . this is mostly done in pvp , but can see some use in pve as well . when overloading kicks in , the small boost that is given to the module can be enough to give that extra edge over an opponent - often enough to survive the fight . the eve university wiki ( quite possibly the best resource for eve-o ever ) has a page on overheating , and even a class called overheating 101 ( and an accompanied recording ) .
unfortunately , the game does not run cross-platform . on ios , if you have a game center account , your game is tied to it , which is why you can get your tiny tower game on multiple ios devices . obviously , you do not have game center on an android device , so you will not have access to your game .
they play on their game accounts so no riot does not supply them with anything except on iem from what i have seen
no , ae just cheks if you are near enough to an access point for the network you are trying to connect to .
daybloom blooms when it is day time . moonglow blooms when it is night time . blinkroot blooms ( and stops blooming ) at random . deathweed blooms only during blood moons . waterleaf blooms when it is raining . fireblossom blooms when it is touching lava . the required depth seems to be ~&frac14 ; blocks . when blooming , the plants also emit light and/or particle effects .
the inferno armor is a " complete set " armor , ( so you can not mix and match armor pieces ) which is only available to purchase . kassa fabrications stocks it for 50,000 credits , or you can buy it off the terminal in the normandy 's shuttle bay for 10% more .
the elcor homeworld of dekunna is in the silean nebula , in the phontes system . i see that you have found oltan - oltan is actually a satellite of dekuuna , so it should be right there . if you found the elcor asset there , you are in the right place - the ships you are looking for are apparently on oltan , actually . ( it is even possible you already found this one without realizing it , maybe ) more at the mass effect wiki .
these white walls are actually painted with a substance called " conversion gel " which allows portals to be opened in them . several areas in the condemned testing facility seem to indicate that the conversion gel is used to paint all further testing facilities , explaining how only white , painted walls were affected by the portal gun . conversion gel is made from a particular type of rock mixed into paint and applied to surfaces . this explains why : you can shoot a portal into space at the end of portal 2 - conversion gel is made from moon rocks , and you hit the moon with the portal exit .
if you look at the top of the fence , there is an electrified wire supplying it with electricity . follow that to the source , turn it off , and then you can just climb over .
some considerations about ips vs tn competition : ips costs more than tn ips reproduce colors better than tn ips has a wider viewing angle than tn ips has a slower response time ( latency ) than tn monitors ( 5-8 ms vs 2-5 ms ) ips ( at the moment ) does not support a 120 hz refresh rate . therefore if you want to play 3d games ( e . g . using nvidia 3d vision ) on ips monitor you can have 30 fps maximum ( 60/2 ) . these are general assumptions about these two different monitor technologies . then every product has his own story . you can read some good reviews on websites like , for example , digital versus . said this , if you do not plan to watch many movies or to play a lot of fps/action games and you have the budget i suggest you a good ips monitor because their are wonderful to work with ( program , web design , etc . ) . otherwise , go for a good tn monitor .
certain contract quests require a specific amount of knowledge before you are allowed to complete them . from that , you will receive rewards/experience once you turn in these contract quests . and , as you mentioned , reading the books allows you to obtain the knowledge more quickly than killing a large number of that specific species . you will also receive some helpful advice like which sword or spell works best with that specific monster .
levelled rewards scale with your character level ( i.e. . , the level you are when you first receive it ) rather than scaling with a skill . the nightingale armor does have 3 levelled variants , so if you are a higher level when you receive it , you will get the stronger version . once you get it , however , it will not change , even as you grow in level . armor in general scales with your light armor skill , but this only increases the armor rating , never the enchantment ( which is where the levelled rewards differ ) .
having learned that what i initially observed was not true for others ( that is , others were able to have simcity run in the background ) , i went back to play with it myself and found that whether or not simcity pauses depends upon how the window loses focus . it seems as if if you minimize the window , the game halts , but if the window loses focus for any other reason ( e . g . you alt+tab or click on another window ) , the game continues to run in the background .
the kinect uses a couple of things to determine a person 's location in a room . an rgb camera , which is similar in technology to a standard webcam an infrared laser projector and sensor , which helps it judge depth in 3 dimensions blacklights are primarily ultraviolet , which puts them at the opposite end of the visible light spectrum from the infrared laser sensor . the other sensor is primarily concerned with the visible spectrum , and probably will not respond to ultraviolet light . therefore , i would not think the blacklight would be detectable by either of the kinect 's sensors . when it comes to strobe lights though , you are more likely to have problems . for one , strobe lighting implies that sometimes it is going to be dark , and sometimes it is going to be bright . this is going to confuse the rgb camera , as these types of cameras require post-processing to compensate for light levels . try aiming a webcam at a window , and then closing and opening the shades while it is sunny outside , and you will see how these types of cameras react under changing light conditions . i do not think this type of response would be conducive to gaming , especially since the kinect 's response under normal lighting conditions is kind of picky and finicky at best .
depending on your system , press what ever button you use to lock on ( lt/l1/f for 360/ps3/pc ) to break the lock on , and sprint in the opposite direction of your enemy . then it is just the standard run far enough away or hide so that you become anonymous again . i have noticed that in this game it is harder than others to escape combat . i seem to remember just being able to press the buttons to sprint in the opposite direction to break combat and start running .
the only method to change weapons on the xbox 360 version is using the radial dial , by holding the lb and using the right-stick to select your weapon . my opinion , is that this can be a really fast method of selecting the weapon you want . granted , the game goes through an animation of switching out the weapon , but as long as you know what you want , you can quickly hit both and have a weapon switched out in no time at all . hardly what i would call cumbersome , but just my opinion .
in general , i completely ignore whites and grays - typically they are worth less than 10 gold a piece , which is not even worth dragging back to town . do note that some " special " objects such as health potions and gems have white text , which might be confusing if you are completely ignoring that font color categorically . in the very early going , when you have equipment slots that are completely empty , they are worth grabbing just so you are not completely naked . in particular , when you are just starting out , keep an eye out for a targe shield - it is got typically around 50 defense , which outclasses most of the defense you will find on any other item at this stage of the game . in the very early phase of the game , you can occasionally find a white weapon/armor piece that has slightly better dps than your current weapon - i have found white weapons better than blues i had from previous dungeons in the early levels previously . for this reason , sometimes i will grab ( or do a quick check by hovering over it and pressing ctrl , as bwarner notes ) the first white item of a type i find , just to see if it is a class better than my current gear . past about level 5 or so , though , you are better off leaving them where they drop . once you have items that give you beneficial stat boosts beyond the basic defense/dps rating of the item , whites and grays are almost always going to be worthless to you . even if you can get a few extra dps or defense points out of a " higher tier " white , it probably will not offset the utility of the other bonuses on your current gear .
i have discovered that also eating brown molds can give you cold resistance , very handy .
a widow mine takes 1.5 in game seconds to lock on to an enemy and fire . this translates to different real time seconds based on game speed : Slower - 2.49s Slow - 1.875s Normal - 1.5s Fast - 1.241s Faster - 1.088s  source
" updates to the game are called " seasons " and are issued to current subscribers free of charge . season releases are versioned , with major releases offering broad changes , and minor versions that add simpler features , " quality of life " changes , and bug fixes . " http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_trek_online#seasons_.28free_updates.29
no , you must collect all the items in addition to unlocking them in order to get golden god . i unlocked this achievement after completing challenge 1 in wrath of the lamb after picking up the ( very dreadfully bad ) dead cat item after a boss fight ( ? ! ) . sure , completing the challenge unlocked the candle &mdash ; but that is a dlc item , so it does not count .
by the look of the comments , on the provided links , they all should work extending the kinect cable . super cheap cable : had to wait until the kids opened the kinect at xmas and was nervous this would not work as the " official " kinect cables are ridiculously overpriced . but this cable with it is extra length i needed to hook this from xbox to kinect worked flawlessely . standard cable : for people people who are wondering , this cable works great with the kinect ! so it is pretty much up to how much you are willing to spend , as they all should work just fine .
it depends on the game . there are many drm free games on steam , ( e . g . gnomoria and in fact most games from " arcen games " and some paradox titles ) which will run without launching steam when copied outside the steam folder . and many more do not utilize ceg ( which means custom executable generation ) , which is the name of the system you are asking about . if a game chooses to utilize ceg , then yes , a custom binary is generated for every customer , no matter which operating system you use . you can find it out if such a binary is protected or not by using a hex editor , however it requires a lot of reverse engineering which is a bit out of the scope of this site . ( and to be honest , i am not a cracker , so i can not really tell you and if i would , it would be very wonky on the legal side of the matter ) how it works the steamworks ceg system generates a custom binary for each customer . when you link your application with the steamworks ceg , we provide you with several tools that you use to generate metadata about your executable file . this metadata is stored on the steam 3 drms server . when a user installs your game , the drms server collects information from the customer 's computer that uniquely identifies it . the collected information is used in combination with the metadata regarding your executable file to generate a custom binary , that checks that it is running on the user 's computer . if the user changes the configuration of their computer such that the ceg checks would fail to identify the computer , the ceg system will automatically generate a new executable file for the user , and update their game installation . these checks occur whenever your game is run , regardless of whether the computer is connected to the internet or not . in addition to examining the user 's computer , the ceg system will detect tampering with the executable file , and will conceal its workings from reverse engineering source ( scroll to bottom )
you can play on whatever server and region you choose . once you are there , you can create five characters on that server . that is it . you can not have multiple characters on multiple servers . you can transfer from a server to a different server in a different region at any time &mdash ; for a cost . that is what the game tells you when you join a server for the first time , anyway . i am in italy and have played the free weekend on a us server . i never felt lag getting in my way , but then again i kind of suck at mmorpgs . . .
that part of the tutorial seems to be currently broken . in a recent version ( v1.09 ) , selecting map modes changed . what you are supposed to do is to click on the + button : which will show the various map modes that you can use ( independent realms is the second button with the image of a shield ) : but doing this does not work in the tutorial right now . i think you will have to skip the rest of this tutorial and continue with other tutorials . ( there is a ▶ button for that in the lower left corner . ) this bug has already been reported by other players .
geb pulls apart the earth , dealing magical damage to all enemy gods based on 15/20/25/30/35% of their current health , and stunning them for 1/1.2/1.4/1.6/1.8s . this skill deals magical damage , not a reduction of health like nemesis ' ultimate . the total damage dealt is affected by the affected enemies ' magical protection .
game boy wars was only released in japan , so any official documentation is necessarily only in japanese . nintendo of japan does have a website about the game , which includes some basic information on the different unit types . if you do not read japanese , then this is of course not very useful , although google translate or excite japan ( pick 日→英 ) may help . as an alternative , you may be able to glean enough information from the other titles in the series , such as famicom wars , where gamefaqs has a unit guide , or one of the sequels , [ game boy wars 3 ] for the game boy color , where there are several faqs . if you want any official english material , nintendo of america has downloadable manuals for the advance wars games released for the nintendo ds , and replacementdocs has manuals for the gba titles - these games were of course released quite a bit later in the series , and are bound to differ in many ways , but they may still provide enough information to cover your specific problem .
notorious problem i am afraid . not so much missing software but you will have a version of directx so advanced it is incompatible with early games . some users have had luck running diablo using compatability modes for windows xp or earlier , or even virtual machines/dosbox or equivalent , so you could try those first ?
this blue hallway ( which is not directly at the start ) is another random element of the game . it doesnt bring much except randomness in the game . kind of like when you begin the game again and have a straight corridor to the 2 doors room .
there are only eleven breakable monitors ( exactly as many as you need for the achievement ) . there are several other un breakable monitors , but i do not have an exact count for those . the first ten breakable monitors are pretty straightforward once you realize what you need to do , but the last one is quite tricky even once you figure it out . if you are short only one , that is probably it . if you are short more than one , go back through , looking carefully at each monitor that you can not figure out how to break . if there is nowhere to place a portal that would allow you to fling yourself or a crate at it , maybe there is something else in the level which could damage a monitor ? if you are running into real trouble and getting frustrated , look at dma57361 's answer to a question about the achievement . it uses spoiler tags to protect the details , but can also be used as a list of which chambers/monitors you should be looking at .
in order to produce tvs , you will have to meet a fairly long chain of prerequisites , having to deal with production levels and profits : you will have to produce processors until you unlock the electronics hq . once you unlock the electronics hq , you will need to hit a certain daily profit threshold ( there is a quest for this from the electronics hq ) in order to unlock the " consumer electronics division " module . after you plop the above module , you will be able to plop a " consumer electronics factory " to which you can then add a " tv assembly line " module . once you have done all of this , provided you have the materials , you can start churning out tvs . tip : if you open your city specializations and select electronics , underneath the advisor , there is a button that says " guide me " . if you click this button , you will begin receiving quests ( some with monetary rewards ) that will walk you through the entire specialization process to the very end when everything is unlocked . make sure you are not currently being guided in other specializations , and that you have an empty quest slot ( maximum of 3 ) .
seems like , you did not have a flush . according to the omaha hi/lo poker rules from pokerstars : all players use exactly two cards from their four hole cards in conjunction with exactly three cards from the board to make the best five-card poker hand possible . since you only had 1 diamonds card ( king ) in your hole cards ( your hand ) , you could not make a flush .
sparkfly fen southeast corner and mount maelstrom southwest corner \
there are four disadvantages to going to a state of some confusion/the royal bethlehem hotel : all of the normal storylets there have a chance of damaging your four main qualities ( watchful , etc . ) . most of the opportunities do not damage your four main qualities . there are a few that can , and once you learn which ones they are , you should be able to avoid them . the auto-fire ( red-bordered ) cards are entirely good : all decrease your nightmares , and a few will give you a minor item or quality increase . on exiting the place , you lose 5 change points of each recurring dreams of . . . quality . they are uncommon to pick up in the first place , so it is a pain to lose some of that progress . ( it is about 5 cards ' worth of progress . ) all of your normal opportunities are discarded . they will probably come around again , but it can be a pain if you have been trying to hold onto a card or two . there is very little to gain in a state of some confusion . you can pick up a little walking the fallen cities and perhaps a few relics of one of the cities , but you are going to spend most of your actions simply decreasing your nightmares , at a rate of 1-3 change points per action . this is much slower than drinking laudanum , but at least it is free . on the other hand , if you have any memories of light , then you will go to the mirror-marches ( a . k.a. parabola ) instead . it has most of the same disadvantages as the state of some confusion , with three main differences : there are no ways to damage your four main qualities . there are more ways to gain a little more nightmares ; sometimes through a failed luck check , sometimes through choosing particular storylets . again , you will figure out which ones these are and avoid them . instead of losing 5 change points of every dreams quality , you lose 10 change points of the single quality having recurring dreams : is someone there ? once you hit nightmares 5 , you will see a new opportunity card that you can not discard : the merry gentleman . greeting him will increase your nightmares , and ignoring him has a chance of decreasing your nightmares by one change point . spending fate/nex on the merry gentleman , along with the gift of a diamond , can eliminate your nightmares entirely . the merry gentleman , then , will either clog up your hand , or ( very slowly ! ) increase or decrease your nightmares . at nightmares 6 , you will also see a different set of dreams cards , that increase your nightmares significantly ( about 3 change points ? ) and do not give you any dreams qualities , which also can not be discarded . once you hit nightmares 5 , getting to nightmares 8 will happen much faster if you are not careful . there are not any other disadvantages , so if you can put up with the above troubles , going mad is not a serious problem .
its most likely 50% as i lost with 47% and did not get a crystal and with 54% i did . it would seem logical that they would put it right in the middle but for some reason i thought it be some weird percent and it would take me forever to figure it out . you can also gain crystals if you get defeated but you cause certain amount of damage to the opponent
yes it is quite possible to do this . the issue is the game mode will not be enforced until a map change occurs . so for instance entering the following in the console will give the desired effect : rcon_password fooBarBaz rcon game_mode 1 (classic competitive) rcon changelevel de_any  this will change the game mode and change the current level thus enforcing the new game mode . of note this is based on my nfo server config ( nuclear fallout hosting )
yes , it is possible to restrict certain weapons with the use of certain mods . there is a mod out there that requires sdkhooks to use , but allows weapon disabling , including warm-up rounds . here 's the mod : http://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?p=950174
a short unarmed primer for skyrim : perks steel fists - steel fists adds the base armor value of the gauntlets to your attack . smithing , well fitted perks , etc do not affect unarmed damage . armsman - armsman does not affect unarmed damage . dual flurry - dual flurry does not affect dual fisted unarmed attack speed ( power attack or not ) . dual savagery - dual savagery does not affect dual fisted unarmed power attack . equipment with the best set of enchanting + alchemy feedback loop , you are able to make an unarmed enchantment of +14 onto gloves and rings , for a total of +28 unarmed damage . animations unarmed attacks has a finishing animation just like all other weapons . if the enemy is the last one alive and you perform a hit , there is a chance you will perform a neck snapping attack . if you are doing a sneak attack and you kill the target in 1 hit , there is a possibility of doing the animation as well . race khajiits have an inherent +15 bonus to unarmed . this bonus may not apply while wearing gauntlets ( i will need do some more testing to make sure ) .
there is a blue answer for this in the official forum : cursed events are similar to other events in the game . they do have some degree of randomness , such as where exactly in a dungeon they spawn ( if they spawn at all ) . if you are just missing some events/dungeons you can look if there exist bounties for this and start creating games until the bounty is available . when this is the case the event is guaranteed to be in your game and you even get a marker on your minimap .
climax is pretty devastating as well . it uses souls to power the spell , and can ( generally ) one shot almost anything . including most other players .
nope , there is no trivial way to software-lock the use of the xbox 360 short of modding it . taking the brick or av cable is probably your best bet .
everything i have read ( nothing official , but plenty of posts elsewhere ) suggests that you should be able to use your saves with a games on demand title . . . saved games are independent of the method used to play them , so just as you could play a game from a disc , later install it to your hard drive , and use the same saves in both places , you can purchase it through games on demand ( installing it to your hard drive ) and use the same save .
while the caravan/cargo ship does have a graphic that goes back and forth , the trade route gives food/production/gold per turn , not per graphical trip . i just tested the effects of distance in my current game ( all routes comes from the same port city ) . internal cities : i sent 2 cargo ships to cities in my own empire : city 1 is 10 hexes away , the trade route gives 9 production/turn , for 30 turns . city 2 is 21 hexes away , the trade route gives 9 production/turn , for 30 turns . so , distance does not effect how long internal trade routes lasts , or how much food/production you get ( from what i can see ) . foreign cities : i tested it with some cargo ships to foreign cities and city states : city 3 is 28 hexes away ( other civ ) , trade route lasts 28 turns city 4 is 29 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 29 turns city 5 is 40 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 40 turns city 6 is 42 hexes hexes away ( city state ) , trade route lasts 42 turns it does effect the length of time that a foreign trade route remains active , the trade route appears to last 1 turn per hex of the trade route length . distance does not appear to influence the calculation of gold/turn with foreign cities . based on the trade screen , that is related to " difference in resources " , and the two cities local gold/turn generation . defence : distance will be a consideration in the defence of trade routes , because if a trade route is very long you will have more distance to protect from barbarians or enemies .
i made a spreadsheet that calculates annie 's burst damage . you can download the spreadsheet as an excel file or copy to another google spreadsheet if you have google drive . you will have to use paste special when pasting across spreadsheet . the spreadsheet is pretty self explanatory and easy to update while playing as you go back to buy items . all of the values to plug in are in the two sections enemy stats and your stats at the top of the spreadsheet . you can plug in your opponent 's max hp , mr , as well as your ap and your magic resist reduction stats . the burst damage is highlighted in a box , and there is a further breakdown of the damage below . for example , with the end-game build that domenik provided , against an opponent with 120 mr and 3000 hp you deal 2987.63 burst damage after resistances - their entire life total . wow that hurts . some assumptions : masteries are not taken into account , so if your opponent has bonus damage reduction or you have bonus damage , you will have to judge things by the situation . in all cases overestimate how tough your opponent is if you are looking for a clean kill . this assumes you level r > q > w > e , which is very practical for most annie games albeit not the most damage ( w outscales q , but q is necessary for farming ) . it is possible for you to update the spreadsheet and adjust the skill order if you want to . note i do not consider e at all , because your target should be stunned during your combo and will not be attacking you . this assumes you execute a perfect 4 second dfg-r-q-w-q combo . because q is on a 4 second cooldown , with a little cooldown reduction you can cast it twice before the damage boost from dfg wears off . even if your opponent flashes you should be in range for a second q given some good positioning . this also assumes that you can get 3 ticks of tibber 's passive damage , which is very reasonable . you might lose some damage here if your target flashes away from tibbers . this also assumes that tibbers does not auto attack your opponent , since in practice it is difficult to both combo and direct tibbers unless you are in a 1v1 situation . you can safely estimate auto-attack damage at 100-200 damage for the burst duration at any point in the game . since natural armor gain roughly scales with tibber 's auto damage and tibbers attacks pretty slow you can not expect much more from auto attack damage . i will add tibbers ' auto damage to the spreadsheet if people request it .
geralt loses his ( steel ) sword in the cutscene at the end of the fight . it does not automatically go to your inventory , but you should be able to find it on the floor . i am not sure why you are not seeing it there . perhaps you have to pick it up right after the fight , or maybe it will not be hightlighted by the medallion ?
maps are not currently in the game . whether or not there will be one in the future is entirely unknown , and not covered by the scope of stack exchange questions , but as for whether or not they exist currently , they do not . if you want to find out about planned updates , i would suggest going to the chucklefish forums , where discussion about starbound is very active and future updates are being discussed right now .
why would you want to delay that ? all crew members receive the same xp after a battle . if your battle got you 400xp , each of 4 crew members gets +400xp , not +100 . if your crew member needs 1800xp till next skill level , you need to earn just 1800xp , 9000 . that makes tanks with large crew better for training as you train more crew members at the same time as all of them get the same , full xp . there are two exceptions to that rule . elite training gives double xp to the crew member with lowest xp at the moment of " upgrade " . crewmen who die during the battle only receive 50% of the exp awarded . let 's say your crew is :  Commander: 84500XP Gunner: 84200XP Driver: 84600XP Gunner 1: 83800XP Gunner 2: 84100XP  you are in an elite vehicle with elite training enabled . you won a battle , earning 400xp . it was the first victory in that vehicle so you received the daily 2x bonus . it is also a vehicle on a special mission list , with mission bonus " triple experience for the crew " . during the battle your driver and gunner got killed . the result : as you see gunner 1 got 4800xp thanks to the elite training ( and starting off with lowest xp in the crew ) and it got him ahead of all the rest . there is absolutely no reason to delay choosing a skill if you only know which one to choose . the golden [ + ] is of no use , while any of skills that grow with percentage grows by strides in the early stage . if you choose one that works after achieving 100% , that is when you might consider delaying the choice - xp still gets collected , it is not put to any use while your skill is not picked .
from the source code you can use the following , the first part is the full name and the second are the things you can enter to get the decoration . to get a partridge for example you can enter " partridge " or " pear tree " but you will only get 1 " a partridge in a pear tree " . if you want to save yourself some typing and cheat your way to instant speed you can use the following by copy pasting it in the url bar and pressing enter : javascript:for(d in decorations ) decorations[d].have = true; update_reindeer(); this will instantly unlock all the decorations . a christmas tree , " tree " a partridge in a pear tree , " partridge " , " pear tree " tinsel , " tinsel " baubles , " bauble " , " ball " glass ornaments , " ornament " , " glass decoration " a star , " star " an angel , " angel " a fairy , " fairy " , " faerie " , " faery " a cherub , " cherub " pine cones , " pine cone " , " pinecone " , " fir cone " christmas lights , " light " candles , " candle " , " tealight " a lantern , " lantern " , " lamp " , " lamps " bells , " bell " , " bells " five gold rings , " ring " a trumpet , " trumpet " , " horn " , " cornet " a drum , " drum " ribbons , " ribbon " , " bow " , " tape " glitter , " glitter " a merry christmas banner , " banner " , " merry christmas " , " happy christmas " , " merry xmas " , " happy xmas " a christmas wreath , " wreath " , " garland " mistletoe , " mistletoe " holly , " holly " an advent calendar , " advent " , " calendar " paper chains , " chain " christmas crackers , " cracker " christmas cards , " card " christmas presents , " present " , " parcel " , " box " , " gift " , " prezzie " , " prezzy " toys , " toy " wrapping paper , " wrap " , " gift-wrap " a christmas stocking , " stocking " a christmas sack , " sack " candy canes , " candy " , " candie " , " sweets " chocolate decorations , " chocolate " a christingle , " christingle " , " orange " a nativity scene , " nativity " , " bethlehem " , " stable " , " manger " a figure of mary , " mary " a figure of joseph , " joseph " , " joeseph " a figure of jesus , " jesus " , " christ " shepherd figures , " shepherd " wise men figures , " wise men " , " wise man " , " king " a toy soldier , " soldier " , " tin man " , " tin men " a donkey decoration , " donkey " , " ass " , " mule " a robin decoration , " robin " a reindeer decoration , " deer " , " reindeer " , " rudolph " a penguin decoration , " penguin " a polar bear decoration , " polar bear " a santa decoration , " santa " , " father christmas " , " saint nic " , " st nic " an elf decoration , " elf " , " elves " a sleigh decoration , " sleigh " , " sled " , " sleds " a christmas pudding decoration , " pudding " a turkey decoration , " turkey " a chimney decoration , " chimney " , " fireplace " a snow globe , " globe " a snowman , " snowman " , " snow man " , " snowmen " , " snow men " , " frosty " snow decoration , " snow " , " flake " icicles , " icicle " , " ice " santa hats , " hat " a lump of coal , " coal "
the delay is caused by two different factors . first , the television takes time to process the digital signal . second , the game takes time to recognize the sound being played . the latter delay is unavoidable , but the former can be reduced by adjusting your television settings . additionally , if the game knows exactly how bad the delay is , it can take that into account when determining whether or not you hit a note . this article may have information you find useful . from the article : here are some simple steps to get you on your way : use the in-game display lag correction to help your note highway come down faster or slower . the default is set to 50ms is most cases ! make sure your console is set up to match your tv’s native resolution , whether it’s 480i to 1080p . in kind , make sure your tv is set up to match your console’s native resolution . if your tv has a “pc” or a “game” setting , try activating that . often , these settings may auto-correct some unwanted lag across all your games , and not just rocksmith . if there are no pc/game settings on your tv , access your tv’s options menu and fiddle with the settings here . most prominently , image scaling and processing effects are going to be likely culprits . deactivate them and you’ll probably see improvement .
according to this reddit post , it is possible . this is the image that was posted as proof .
for dungeon siege 2 , my reading leads me to believe this is possible . apparently the disk expansion checks the system registry for the application paths so you will have to open regedit and insert the keys yourself to get this to work as per the instructions on this thread note : be careful about registry edits as they can seriously mess things up . open regedit navigate to hkey_local_machine-> software-> microsoft for 32-bit windows and hkey_local_machine-> software-> wow6432node-> microsoft for 64-bit windows . if there is a microsoft games folder select it or if it does not exist go to edit-> new-> key and name the new folder microsoft games ( with a space between words ) under microsoft games go to edit-> new-> key and name it dungeonsiege2 ( no spaces ) right click in the empty white space to the right with dungeonsiege2 selected and select new-> string value name this new value apppath double click apppath and enter the following as the value c:\\program files\\steam\\steamapps\\common\\dungeon siege 2 or whatever your install path happens to be ***note , the double backslash is not a mistake create another string value called installationdirectory and enter the same value as above
this article lists some rep gains from heroic dungeons ( i am unable to confirm these values ) . notice that heroic dungeons award 3 to 4 times the reputation compared to level 80 normal versions . the possible dungeons ( grouped by location ) are : you said " repeatable " , and that narrows things down considerably . heroic dungeons are not repeatable if you kill a boss . normal ( 80 ) dungeons award much less reputation compared to heroics . i recommend the pit of saron . here are the stats i have gathered ( non-human with 5% rep bonus from guild reward ) : so , the basic idea is that you run it on heroic , clear the area before the bosses , leave , reset , repeat . if you clear so fast that the reset is not available , you can knock over heroic forge of souls or heroic halls of reflection while you wait .
definitely upgrade ground melee attack , not only does ground melee attack have better dps with a brood lord , it also complements the higher tiered zerg units as well ( crack-lings and ultralisks become very common for rebuilding a late-game army after an encounter ) . with that being said , if you are planning on going mass mutalisk early in the game , the air upgrades may provide a natural transition into brood lords but make sure you start researching ground attack as you transition . prioritize ground melee , but do not forget that flyer attack helps as well . zerg late game should provide you with plenty of resources to get both upgrades when your army is maxed .
there is also the option to choose it as your starting pet if you create a norn ranger . otherwise , it seems that the juvenile wolf is available only through world vs world .
more often than not it is sabatoge , which is remarkably easy to do to the singularity . even so , this alone is a reason you or another engineer should regularly check on it to make sure it is okay . there is quite a few things that can go wrong . plasma tanks could be low , in whichc case you will need to replace them with new tanks , which you should be able to check with your pda shields could be lowered , either by accident or by sabatoge emitter could be broken , either by accident or sabatoge emission rate could be set too high ( it should be on , but always set to 0 ) containment could be compromised , usually by sabatoge but occasionally accidents can happen the darn thing could just grow too big the last point is one you will be wanting to check on about every 15 minutes or so . if it gets to a 4x4 size , then it has gotten too big and is in danger of breaking out of containment . you will want to turn the emitter off until it returns to a size of 3x3 .
being a fairly avid d2 player , i can tell you that it works in roughly the same way . just like in d3 , as you go up in difficulties , creatures become much stronger . in d2 , many of them gain immunity to specific elements , and the likelihood that you would encounter a unique ( yellow/gold monsters ) or pack of champions ( blue monsters ) is increased . additionally , uniques and champions have more modifiers when you encounter them ( similar to in d3 ) . in much the same way , the acts also scale in difficulty . in fact , blizzard did a very good job of making act 5 harder than act 4 of the same difficulty , but not so much that it was much harder than act 1 of the next . a lot of this comes from the fact that as you increase in difficulty levels , a lot of your stats are reduced . for example , in nightmare , all players suffer a -50% reduction to all resistances . additionally , life steal effects are cut to a quarter . when you go to hell , the player starts with -100% resistance ( yes , it was completely possible to have all negative resistances , which would , as you had expect , amplify damage taken from that source ) , and life steal effects were cut to 1/8 . another big spike in the difficulty was also mentioned above : the more common appearance of uniques and champions . in normal , it is unlikely that you will find more than 1 or 2 packs of uniques or champions in any given area ( for example , the stony field ) , excluding super uniques which always appear in the area ( like rakinishu , blood raven , bishibosh , etc ) . however , in nightmare , it is not unlikely that you will simply encounter 2 packs of uniques/champions at once . then you might have to deal with something like " cold enchanted , extra fast " at the same time as dealing with " lightning enchanted , multiple shot " . that , along with natural monster immunities ( for example , the entire fallen tribe becomes completely immune to fire damage in hell mode ) makes hell mode much more challenging than even act 5 of nightmare .
you actually almost had it . you can create bags with animal skin and thread . i believe there is a max of 2 bags which kinda sucks because there is not any where you can store your spare junk other than carrying it around .
i have seen these guys all over , generally in zones still controlled by the templars . it never occurred to me that they were trying to dismantle the ziplines - they just seemed to be working on them in some way . it made sense in my head since these templars always seemed to be working on the tops of ziplines while regular guards always seemed to be stationed at the bottoms of ziplines ( so that i could assassinate them more conveniently ) . to answer your question , i imagine that when templars control a zone , they know assassins might try to gain access via zipline , so they try to destroy it . but as far as i know they never get far enough to actually disable a zipline . i think it is just a visual cue to let you know that you are in a templar-ridden area and that they want to disable your ability to move around .
on pc it is the " change pov " button .
from what i am finding on the wiki , i do not believe this is possible . from the 40d world generation page : note that only available world widths/heights are 17 , 33 , 65 , 129 , and 257 ; even directly editing the world_gen . txt file will not let you use other sizes than these . obviously this may no longer be accurate , but as there have been no major world gen changes , i believe it is . the df2012 advanced world generation page is a little more ambiguous , but it says : valid values are 17,33,65,129 , and 257 . others may not work . based on this , i do not think you will be able to make a world larger than 257x257 .
if you are specifically asking about the ns annihilator you can not because the weapon can lock on to flying and ground vehicles . but the other lock on weaponary that let you lock on to only 1 kind flying/ground those can definitly dumbfire . according to the wiki : the ns annihilator has no dumbfire speed , but the asp-30 grounder does for example
darius is really easy to play with , because you do not need to build any ad items to do tons of damage . for the first time you leave base , i would suggest trying out cloth armor and health potion x5 for lane sustain until you hit lv 5 or 6 . then ( if you are solo laning ) ask your jungler to gank so you can back . build order should be ( after first purchase of course ) : boots of speed ( lv 1 boots ) vampiric scepter wriggle 's lantern ( from cloth armor and vamp scepter ) phage mercury treads ( from boots 1 ) hexdrinker heart of gold maw of malmortius ( from hexdrinker ) brutalizer ( either sell it later to get a defensive item , or if you completely wreck shop then build it into youmuu 's ghostblade , but only if your team ( but yourself in particular ) are doing so . ) frozen mallet ( from phage ) randuin 's omen ( from heart of gold ) late game , sell wriggle 's lantern for a bloodthirster late game , sell brutalizer for guardian angel / thornmail / warmog 's armor , or buy a youmuu 's ghostblade skill order : 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8 q-w-q-e-q-r-q-w- q -w-r-w-w-e-e-r-e-e runes and masteries : flat attack damage marks - self-explanatory . more damage for last hitting and harass in lane . flat armor seals . again , self-explanatory . helps defend against auto attack damage and minions . however , if you are laning top lane versus an ap bruiser , ( and you are in a draft setting and know this before loading screen ) i suggest you have two pages for top lane bruiser , one with armor and one with magic resist . magic resist per level glyphs . these are for late game to offset some of the magic damage from the enemy ap carry and tank/bruiser/jungler . personal preference for flats or per lvl , but i find the lvl mr runes to be the best for top lane . movement speed quintessences or attack damage quintessences . personal preferences , depending on playstyle . i tend to play extremely passively early game , and prefer more move speed over a bit extra damage , and since its percent-based movespeed , it scales better into late game when you are chasing people down like you have got boots 3 instead of mercury treads . honestly , your masteries will be up to personal preference , as will summoner spells . i personally go with 21/9/0 and ignite + ghost , but again , personal preference . just be smart and do not build down the ap tree and you can not really go wrong . ** a comment on boot choice ** many people suggest getting ninja tabi on darius . i would highly recommend that you do not , and here 's why : ninja tabi : - movement speed 2 - 25 armor - unique passive : reduces damage from non-turret based autoattacks by 10% . woop de doo , 25 armor . movespeed 2 , eh , you get the same from the other boots . unique passive reducing damage by a percentage ? seems nice . . . but think about it this way : you are reducing 10 damage off of a 100 damage auto attack . or 100 damage off of a 1,000 damage crit . now how good does that sound ? not very , huh ? mercury treads : - movement speed 2 - 25 magic resist - unique passive : +35 tenacity ( does not stack with other tenacity items ) magic resist is okay , but the real gem here is that tenacity . tenacity reduces the duration of certain crowd control effects by 35% . tenacity works on : blind , charm , terrify , fear , taunt , pacify , silence , slow , and stun . tenacity does not work on : knockback , knockup , pull , or suppression . generally once the enemy team sees a darius , they will want to disable you in some way to make you less effective for at least a short duration during the game , and merc treads come in handy more times than i could count , whereas ninja tabi i hardly ever get with anyone , because its just not worth it to me since dodge was removed . improving early game in general is easy enough , but hard to pull off thanks to the human factor of the other team . what i would suggest , is whenever you back to buy items , grab a couple wards and health pots . ward the little round wall by baron , next to the tribrush and diagonally down from the river bush by top lane . this way you see if anyone is coming both up from river and out from their jungle , and you can see if they go into yours . once you finish off wriggle 's lantern , you can stop purchasing wards , thanks to its active ability . while in lane pre-9 , i would suggest playing passive and last-hit as much as possible . do not spam your abilities until you hit lv 11 , because quite frankly , your mana pool is terrible early game . if you are a solo lane versus a double lane , last hitting under tower is the safest place to be . let your tower hit the melee minions 3 times and the caster minions twice ( iirc ) before swinging at them . when you go aggressive , lead with your q , your spinning blade , and make sure you hit them in the outer edge of it for extra damage . if they run , pull them back in and activate your w at the same time , and make sure you procc it by auto attacking at least once . in between your abilities , always remember to auto attack ! you need to stack your bleed passive as much as possible to get the full use out of your ultimate when you inevitably use it . a word of caution , however : darius is a detriment to your team overall if all you do is ult every time someone gets low enough . you need to make sure your team gets kills as well , so you are not the only fed player on your team . while your personal build is probably one of the most expensive ones on your team ( besides the adc ) at approximately 14k gold , remember that while you have 5 of your 6 endgame items at 40 minutes , the rest of your team might only have one or two . and its easier to focus one player down ( even if its ' darius ) than it is four . hope this helps you ( and anyone else in your situation ) ! and remember , summoners : when there is a darius on the enemy team , half your health bar is just for show .
run up to the spider , and just as its leg is about to do the stomp animation run back . do this a few times and a bear trap will fall from a tree branch to the left . push the bear trap to the spider and do the same thing you did before ( wait for it to stomp and run away ) . position the bear trap so that it hits the bear trap . do this 3 times ( against 3 legs ) and you will beat it .
that is the titular boy , from a boy and his blob , on the nes . here he is alongside his blob , i believe in the process of tossing the blob a jellybean : animated gif version of the toss on tumblr , for those interested
i actually remember hearing something about this a while back . i think you actually end up with a little over 3gb of space if you delete some demos that come with the system . not sure i can come up with a link with proof though . ahh , here is a link to the amazon review mentioning you end up with about 3.2gb of flash space . http://www.amazon.com/review/r3ia7k9x9350re/ref=cm_cr_dp_cmt?ie=utf8asin=b003o6jklcnodeid=468642
in the pc version of the game , you can leave the game on the tree of wisdom screen for a while without feeding the tree and the tree will repeat previous tips , albeit randomly . i would guess this works for the xbox version . previous tips always start off with : here 's some wisdom that bears repeating . . . if you are not concerned with spoiling tips you have not unlocked yet , you can look at the full list of tree of wisdom tips on the plants vs zombies wikia .
like fambida wrote in the comments , " data files that are not contained in an esp or esm file . " - an example would be some added/changed textures like this mod : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=193 -- basically a couple of . dds files
cover the water with wooden slabs . this looks nice , and lets you walk around without stepping on the dirt , e.g. when growing wheat .
the magadjust of this game is just the damage listed that corresponds to the type of spell being cast , i.e. magic for sorceries , dark for hexes , and so forth . you will notice on staves that some of them have equal magic and dark damage and some of them are weighted more heavily toward one than the other . the same is true for chimes . that helps you know if the item is better for sorceries , hexes , miracles , or a combination of 2 or 3 of them . as far as what actually goes into the damage itself , it is a combination of the base damage as mentioned above , your int and/or fai depending on which school you are casting , and of course any reinforcements ( +1 to +10 ) you have done to your staff/chime . additionally , if you infuse faintstone/darkstone/etc to your staff/chime , you can add even more damage to the type of spell that applies to the type of spell you are trying to cast . that means you can make a staff weighted toward sorceries even more toward sorceries or you can more evenly weight it toward sorceries and hexes . as far as wearables go , there are pieces of armor/rings that : increase casting speed give extra attunement slots raise your int and/or fai by 1-5 points give you more castings at the cost of hp i do not know of any items that straight up give you raw spell damage like the oolacile crown did in dark souls 1 , but the +int items definitely make a difference . ultimately , they have made your catalyst operate a lot more like a " normal " weapon in dark souls ii . just look at the damage number for the type of spell you are trying to cast . also , pay attention to how well they scale for a given stat just like you would for any weapon . if there is an s under the int picture on the screen for scaling , it will eventually do more damage than a similar staff with an a for scaling even if it started with less base damage .
it does not say it , but the screenshot folder option only affects the uncompressed copies : in order to change the location where steam saves the compressed screenshots ( which steam can upload to steam community and are saved in the remote folder ) you will either need to install steam elsewhere or use some symlink trickery : 1 . delete or rename the existing default folder make sure that [ remote ] folder does not exist inside your [ userdata/id/760 ] folder . 2 . launch cmd as admin : press win+x there you will find an item option to launch command line with admin privileges and write the following command . mklink /D [Steampath]\userdata\[id]\760\remote "N:\ew\path\to\Screenshots\"  and that is it , now you can see your screenshots inside that folder . this is how to do it in windows ( source ) , for linux , swap mklink /D to ln -s
for skill specific details this is fully covered at the guild wars 2 wiki on the page racial skills . the summary from there says : [ racial skills ] can be equipped on the five last slots of the skill bar , depending on their type . they may have various effects , such as condition removing or changing to a bear form , but they are all projected to be fairly weaker than their counterparts from professions that are specialized in similar skills . each race has 6 skills . racial skills will be available from the beginning of the pve campaign skills in this portion of the bar are earned in a similar fashion as skills on the left . experience and quest completion will unlock them . the first skill is usually granted soon after starting the game and is the top skill in each race from the list below . as of pre-launch , these are the skills . click on each race for full details on the skill and how it can be used : asura utility pain inverter radiation field technobabble elite summon 7-series golem summon d-series golem summon power suit sylvari healing healing seed utility grasping vines seed turret elite summon druid spirit summon fern mastiff take root norn utility call owl call wurm elite become the bear ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the raven ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the snow leopard ( has auxilary sidebar ) become the wolf ( has auxilary sidebar ) charr utility battle roar hidden pistol shrapnel mine elite artillery barrage charrzooka ( has auxilary sidebar ) warband support human healing prayer to dwayna utility prayer to kormir prayer to lyssa elite avatar of melandru ( has auxilary sidebar ) hounds of balthazar reaper of grenth
after getting the grapnel booster from the basic challenges , the only other reward you will receive is a trophy of the batwing , which you can view through the menu . there is , however , also an xbox and steam achievement for completing all the augmented reality training missions . ar knight complete all augmented reality training exercises
ah man i have had this exact problem ! sadly i do not remember how i fixed it but i would try the following : go to preferences -> layout -> restore default . if that does not work , change your screen resolution with chessmaster running . it may force the app to reposition all its windows . or , look in the program directory ( C:\Program Files (x86)\Ubisoft\Chessmaster Grandmaster Edition on my machine ) and find an . ini file which stores the window positions , and manually edit it while chessmaster is closed .
you need to hit a monster to get the buff . you actually need to only hit the 3rd strike of the combo on the monster . i run with fot [ tc ] + dr [ foresight ] and combination strike passive . easiest is to start with 2 hits of fot ( +8% ) and then hit the dr button for the 3rd strike ( +8% +18% ) , you get all 34% extra dmg from first 3 strikes . then you hit sweeping wind and only need to use one of the spirit generators within 3 seconds from last strike to keep the 16% buff from combination strike of both spirit generators .
i usually go about this a few ways . play online and meet people . joining pubs is a good way to meet good gamers to play with visit the official forums of the game and see who is looking use something like steam or xfire to find groups of people who like the game . this can be community groups or sub-forums . if i find a server run by a group/clan and i am enjoying myself on it then i will usually check out their site . sometimes it leads to joining , other times it just leads to more friends to play with . hope this helps .
if i am reading the question correctly , you are specifically asking about the new game+ option of importing a mass effect 3 shepard that has already completed the game to start over , is that correct ? if so , the answer is that it is the same as when you started the first time . if you started with an me2 shepard , imported it into me3 , beat the game , and then imported that me3 completed shepard to start over , the game still remembers all of the choices you made in me1 and 2 and reflects those choices . there is no difference . the benefit of importing an me3 shepard is his level , as well as all of your accumulated armor , weapons , mods , bonus powers , credits , upgrades , and intel bonuses . additionally , weapons and mods can be upgraded to a maximum level of 10 in a new game+ , versus a maximum rank of 5 in a standard game .
like so many things in league of legends , it depends upon and changes based on your team composition and the enemy 's team composition . if you have more poke than they do , just sit outside tower range and throw your poke abilities at them until they are so low that staying near the tower risks dying . this is generally the safest way to force an enemy team off of a tower and then you can kill it uncontested . another strat is to instantly clear their wave of minions just outside of tower range and then have your ranged carry get a few hits in every time your minion waves is tanking the tower . however , this requires an ad carry that is very good with positioning and understanding how to not get caught . generally you only want to go all in under a tower if you know it will results in good kills for your team . diving taric but losing your farmed vayne is a bad trade , for instance . other times you would go all in is if someone on their team makes an obvious overextension mistake and because of this you can kill them for " free . " taking down a damage dealer on their team allows your team to engage in more favorable terms - 5v4 , even under a tower , is still a pretty good fight to engage on . if you are fighting over a lane tower , teams will usually retreat to avoid the 4v5 fight and defend later . and , of course , there is the clg/hotshot strat : split push . this should generally only be done in a coordinated team setting . have a champ with teleport , strong pushing , and escape abilities push top ( for instance ) by himself , and the rest of the team can hover near a tower in bottom lane and force the enemy team to split themselves . when this happens , the person pushing top should teleport in and you can force a 5v4 engage to take the tower . importantly , try to never get hit by the tower unnecessarily . if there is not a minion wave there to take the initial agro from the tower , you should just stay out of range . there is almost no chance diving into a more well-equipped team with no minion support will work out in your favor , baron buff or no .
in order of severity : leave that area of the citadel and return . leave the citadel and return . you should also try retrieving an item from a planet scan , if possible . complete another mission , especially one of the n7 missions . revert to an earlier save . if none of those work , you might not actually be talking to the right person , or might not have the right artifacts .
yes , it increases your summoning and repairing speed in combat , but you get an extra modifier when in build phase . from the dungeon defender wiki about hero casting rate : the hero casting rate stat determines how fast the hero will heal itself , cast , upgrade and repair defenses . having a hero casting rate stat &lt ; 0 ( negative ) will be the same as if it was zero . in the build phase of a wave , a hero 's casting rate is always significantly faster than in the combat phase , while still determined by hero casting rate stat . like most other stats it has diminishing return , graph from the stat progression graph wiki page : while leveling it could be a good idea to place some points in hero casting speed , but once you get a good godly set or better gear you should get plenty of points in hero casting speed from items so you can place your points in other stats .
i believe , i have got the answer . the score multiplier go like this . when you upgrade it for the first time , it gives one multiplier . when you upgrade it second time , it gives two multipliers and so on . so 5 upgrades will give 15 multipliers in total .
i found this here : they reappear in new super mario bros . wii with the same function as in new super mario bros . . but when the player collects them all in a level before they disappear , the audience cheers . they are often arranged in patterns . blue coins also appear in new super mario bros . 2 . edit : i found that collecting all of them normally results in an extra power-up . also , occasionally the trail of blue coins will lead to a hidden ' ? ' block with a 1-up mushroom ! . . . besides the obvious fact that the blue coins are extra coins as well
no , your progress so far will not be discarded . i verified this myself , i was at the same percentage before and after closing and relaunching the launcher .
despite the mod being installed client side , somehow the server never received the extra utilities mod , which caused the issue .
stone+steam+fire+arcane+shield should do the trick . any combination of 5 elements that do not cancel each other out will work fine . that means , no combining life+arcane , fire + cold , or stone+lightning . just about everything else is fair game .
i assume you are talking about the part where they have dispatched many belltower agents who are on constant alert . i found that liberally abusing the vents allowed me to get to areas where they were not as dense , or were not able to spot me while i was flanking them . i did it with very little cloaking , although i also had the tranq sniper rifle and quite a few darts . even if there are two together , you can usually shoot one , reload , and shoot the other before he has a chance to alert other guards or wake the first guard up . if you can , try to move the sleeping guards quickly into an area where none are patrolling , although this can get tricky in some of the more dense areas . going cover to cover and avoiding them altogether might be a better strategy in certain parts . this was one part of the game where i found it tricky to employ a " no witnesses " strategy without resorting to murder . if you get stuck , cloaking can be a useful strategy . make sure you check the various rooms to find additional power restoring food to keep your cloak and melee takedown energy full .
you keep all rewards and progression you got up until you leave . you do not get the bonus exp for finishing the match , or the regeneration multiplier , but all burn cards you collect , completed challenges , exp you have earned during play , and unlocks will stay .
first off , let me start by saying : there is nothing wrong with carriers . though they have not seen the same revival that battle cruisers have under terran , carriers remain a very viable late game unit . even in a world of " hard counters " carriers do an enormous amount of damage and require very micro to beat . for players invested in heavy ground forces carriers make a very nice addition and force an opponent to " split " his strategy between disparate units . while many people might point out the effectiveness of vikings , void rays and corruptors against carriers , you have to keep in mind : all those units are effective against colossus and those still make many appearances . the largest problem with carriers is they are often overshadowed by void rays . void rays are a very powerful unit against armored and once charged . by comparison carriers have neither of those drawbacks and are only more expensive . finally , while many people will tell you that carriers are countered by good micro , this is also true for every other unit in the game . the only difference is that carriers are more effective against bad micro . now you discussed carrier rushes , and what i am about to say could apply to any type of rush : a rush is not necessarily a cheese . you should not use the term rush pejoratively . technically going 2 gate is a kind of rush . a rush just means quickly getting to something , and is frequently used as a technique to counter more macro intensive play . since many players play a macro intensive play , a rush is a very good strategy . the trap your friend is falling into is that he is surprised by the sudden force and is using the term rush to dismiss it . " oh you did not really work for that , you just rushed it . " this is actually a mistake in terminology . what he means to say is : you are doing an all in gamble on carriers and if they failed you had be screwed . all in play is often considered boarder line cheesy because you are often unable to recover . however , since the goal is to do more damage to your opponent than you are doing to yourself , a very good timing all in , is an incredible effective strategy . since an all in does not rely on lucky or bad play from your opponent , it is not nearly as cheesy as something like a proxy rax . as a result , most all ins are more moves of desperation than cheese . whether or not you consider all in play to be cheesy , a rush is not by definition a cheese and you should not feel bad about it . even if you had rushed carriers ( which it sounds you had not ) , that would be an interesting new build , not some sort of gambit play . so build them at your leisure . and do try to enjoy yourself while playing starcraft 2 .
no . when you die , everything is reset , except equipment and ammo you were wearing , which are reset on regular respawn . thus , your kill streak is reset .
absolutely . skills illusion synergises well with sneak as invisibility does not gaurantee not being detected . the cc spells are also very useful , allowing you to control situations that would otherwise overwhelm your squishiness . silent casting will be vital , so get it asap . destruction will be tricky without deep magicka reserves until you start to enchant your own stuff to reduce cost . but impact will work beautifully for single target assassinations . with silent casting , i believe you could also use runes for some fun , though on master they will quickly lose effectiveness . i would stick to one element to save perk points ( perhaps shock as a useful rarely-resisted element ) , and do not bother with master level perk . this will be a useful tree against dragons . restoration is moderately useful with the respite perk , allowing you - in conjunction with light armour stamina regen bonus - to spam dual wield power attacks all day long . i would not worry about the perks above adapt . get respite , the magicka regeneration perks , and possibly the " auto heal on zero death " perk that can help out if you are smacked around when dual-wielding . light armour is great , and will give you survivability that most mages do not have . it also takes up far fewer perks than alteration . i would skip conjuration perks completely , unless you wish to use bound weapons as a role play . you may ultimately wish to level it to 90 at some point in order to provide a non-smithing source of daedric weapons ( see smithing below ) , and if so do not rush on it until you need to level other skills up to level in general ( high 30s onwards ) . alteration has few uses in this build . enchanting will be useful , allowing you to supplement your lower magicka with regen and reduce costs . do not bother with -100% cost on any given skill tree , as you will probably only use destruction as a filler against mobs and dragons but if you use it a lot against high level single targets then consider -100% , as the expert level spells are expensive . i would aim for some +magicka regen ( or +magicka - calculate which is more effective given your base magicka ) as that can be used for all your magick trees , and you will be using them all not just 95% destruction like in pure mage . possibly some reduce cost for illusion . all other slots for boosting your melee and resistances . restoration is fine without reduced cost . smithing is great - but you may not feel like role playing it . depends on your target equipment , but you could make do with steel smithing and the enchanted item smithing perks . you can get daedric weapons through the mages guild , so do not feel obliged to perk up smithing . alchemy complements both skill sets well . the beginning do not spread yourself too thin to start off with . i would work on illusion , sneak and one-handed until you can comfortably stay hidden in shadows and get silent casting perk . from there you can start on destruction up to impact , to have a useful fall-back of dual-casting firebolts ( it can interrupt dragons and nasty bosses ) , and get restoration to apprentice level . i would then work on getting illusion to 75 and sneak till 60 for backstab bonuses . by this point you should be able to flit in and out backstabbing and skirmishing , using invisibility as a means of getting back into cover . quests you will not be locked out of any , and can complete thieves guild , db and mages guild . they all work well together . thieves guild and db synergise well , and mages guild unlocks some tasty equipment . from here , you can choose . i would work on your sneaky sneaky and melee skills , as you will already have the main utility from your skill sets . use illusion to ensure you do not get hammered too much , and do not be afraid to go invis and hide . your main advantages over a pure stealth character are your much better flexibility when detected - so use these advantages . hth = ) edit : stats : ymmv but i have had good sucess with balanced melee/mage with 2:1:1 health:stamina:magicka . i leave stamina at 150 ( maybe 200 if going dual wield ) . edit2: added link to find out if +magicka or +magicka regen , as per the paragraph on enchanting . added link for mage 's guild and daedric weapons
the chryssalid run distance in the ini file is 20 . this translates into 13 squares of straight line travel for a half-move . see the detailed answer to the " what do distance units mean ? " question . a basic soldier moves 15 squares in a straight line during a full move . given a chryssalid standing next to a soldier and a clear straight run in the opposite direction , the soldier should be able to full move out of range of the alien 's half move , making the alien unable to melee this turn . the alien would have to full move and attack , which it can not do . also note : chryssalids ignore cover . they do not seek it . they do not use it . their attacks ignore it . your soldiers can better support each other by also ignoring cover to get closer together .
there is no market in the mobile version of the game . i would suggest joining an alliance to trade your resources . coordinate with other users with each others locations and come to an agreement for how much resources to trade . please be advised that there is no secure trading system , so be careful who you trade with .
just do not buy the 9 greater mark of hybrid penetration . it may be good , but if you are looking for runes , i would advise you to buy runes which are great for a lot of champions . hybrid pen runes are only good for 2 or 3 champs . magic penetration runes are much better for almost every other carry ap , and are not bad at all on ahri .
no , not really . the main issue you need to look at here is whether your city has sufficient demand for high tech industries to replace the tax revenue from polluting industries . hi-tech demand is strongly predicated on education , so make sure the education level and the rci indices for hi-tech are high . if you really want to make sure the sims who can not work in hi-tech jobs still have jobs , start a new small neighbouring city and fill it with heavy industry tiles . one of the magic of simcity is that each city is wrapped in an air tight bubble that does not allow pollution to waft over from city to city . to actually get rid of polluting industries and transition to hi-tech , you can either demolish them all at once , or slowly get rid of them section by section . hi-tech industries cannot live in the same area as polluting industries , including polluting power plants . this is because hi-tech industries have calculate desirability in a manner similar to residential areas , and are thus extremely sensitive to pollution . if you are not averse to installing mods , the air purification plant can make your life much easier . to get rid of polluting industries , slowly jack taxes up to 13% to slow down and stop growth , then to 18-20% when you are ready to get rid of them entirely . raise taxes for $i first , then $$i , to keep the disruption on tax revenue to a minimum . you can also grow new hi-tech zones by zoning medium density industries around residential areas and filling them with trees to minimize pollution . there is no way you can actually stop dirty and manufacturing industries from appearing in these zones - you just have to make sure your tax rates are sufficiently high and the desirability and demand for hi-tech are higher than that for dirty industries . you can manually prune these areas of polluting factories , but that is not a policy that is sustainable in the long run .
this is what i came up with : and it looks pretty correct to me . by the way what texture pack is that ? bad photoshop :
a newly created shepard starts at level 1 . early levels go by very quickly however . for example , you will be level 3 by the time you get off of earth . additionally , your opponents are scaled to your level throughout the game , so once you get past the first few levels , ( where a lack of available skill points hampers your tactical options ) , you should not have any particular problems being a low level character . it might make reaching level 60 in one play-through more than a bit problematic however .
my best advice is to look for something that is a different color . . . or that looks out of place . other than that , you need to tell us which one you need help with .
you will keep some of your renegade rep from previous games when you import your mass effect 2 save .
for the majority of the flashpoints in the game , there is no way of knowing whether a warden will appear . according to the saints row wiki : all flashpoints are manned populated by standard zin soldiers . some flashpoints include mandatory warden battles , such as burns hill ( north ) , brickston ( north-east ) , yearwood ( north ) , the grove ( east ) and henry steel mills ( south-west ) . so other than those five , wardens appearance could be random .
she is diana allers . i tried this out ( telling her no ) and after she left i was not able to find her anywhere in the citadel , so it appears that it is not possible to recruit her once you decline her offer ( i doubt i will find her later in the game ) . i would suggest you try to load an earlier save , as having her aboard boosts the other war assets , even though she is only worth 5 ( on the other hand , some of her dialogue is annoying , so it is up to you , it is not game breaking one way or the other )
there is only one character that can raise its maximum stats : wx-78 , the robot . it can eat gears , which upgrades its maximum health , hunger , and sanity with each gear consumed . it can consume a maximum of 15 gears , to get 400 health , 200 hunger , and 300 sanity . ( the bonus is 20 health , ~6.66 hunger , and ~13.33 sanity per gear , rounded up . ) wx-78 needs this pretty badly , because it starts with below-normal stats .
i should have looked into the " controls"-section of the settings before asking this question ( ty @patrick ) - in the default mapping it is as simple as pressing the middle mouse button , or numlock on keyboard .
it refers to the total population of the city ( not region ) .
there are three main points ( among many ) that cause the actual chance to hit to be reduced even if it is above 100% . the armor class of the monster being attacked . when using ranged attacks , the chance to hit is reduced based on the distance between you and the monster . the maximum actual chance to hit is 95% after all other calculations are done . in addition , please note that you can easily miss a monster completely in which chance to hit is not taken into consideration . if an arrow does not pass through a tile the monster is on , it will just miss . here is the complete story for a player vs . monster , taken from jarulf 's guide . to hit the steps 5-11 above can be summarized to : ftharrow = 50 + dex + tohititems + clvl + bonusplayer - distance·distance/2 - acmonster fthspell = 50 + mag + bonusplayer - 2·mlvl
i would not think that memory foam mattress topper would be a good choice in this case . it tends to compress quickly , especially in response to body heat , and once compressed it is going to offer less vibration resistance than other materials . the " cheap " kind of mattress pad tends to wear relatively quickly as well . other types of higher density urethane foam might be appropriate , but the kind rated for sleeping on is unlikely to be useful . have you considered using carpet pad instead ? it is specifically designed to absorb impact in order to increase the life of carpet installed above it . i would think that would make it useful for your purposes . you need such a small amount of it , i would think that a home improvement warehouse or carpet showroom/warehouse would sell you a remnant for next to nothing . with the cost being so low , you could probably get a few different types and test them all to see what works best for you .
the suggested SkyrimPrefs.ini i was using was the wrong one . using process monitor i was able to figure out that the correct one is : %USERPROFILE%\Documents\My Games\Skyrim\SkyrimPrefs.ini  e.g. C:\Users\Ian\Documents\My Games\Skyrim\SkyrimPrefs.ini  changing [Controls]\fMouseHeadingSensitivity to fMouseHeadingSensitivity=0.1250 (new) fMouseHeadingSensitivity=0.0125 (old)  did the trick .
merchants restock their inventory after 2 days in game . the items on the shelves can be bought . http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim:containers#merchant_chests all merchants in the game ( with the exception of hunters , peddlers , and skooma dealers ) have a merchant chest containing the merchant 's gold and the goods they have available for sale . the chest does not contain the merchant 's entire inventory — merchants will also sell some items sitting out in the store and unequipped items in their personal inventory — and also is not the only source of merchant gold — any personal gold will be added to the merchant 's available gold .
there are a few achievements tied to the main quest which have you joining either the stormcloaks or the imperial legion , but these are awarded for picking either path , rather than siding with one group over the other ( as in dragon age : origins , for instance ) . all of these achievements should be attainable in a single playthrough :
you can navigate the constellations with the keyboard using the wasd keys , which may be easier than trying to use the mouse , which have a tendency to click on the wrong star . if you have problem reaching a star , you should try approaching it from another direction , like going from the side , or even another constellation .
worked this out . the critical difference is between the characters you can select from the menu ( hold y-button on x-box ) which ( lb/rb on x-box ) , which allows you to cycle through a small subset of characters . as this answer says the extra toggle allows you some extra odd-ball characters , but only affects the lb/rb set .
if you go far enough from the island , the health bar for the dragon will disappear . it is safe to build at that place . see for example this video at 08:30 . once all players are outside a 320x320 square centered on the dragon , the server will stop updating the dragon entity ( time stops for the dragon ) . otherwise , the dragon can go practically anywhere in the end .
at one point in the game , it will remove all the unnecessary quest items from your inventory . i will not give any spoilers , but other than that , there are no direct ways to remove quest items .
your version will actually help against soflam + javelin/guided shell ( assuming they did not fire in that two second window ) . your friend 's will not . however , if you discount that situation , your friend 's way is better because then the chopper is only using the ecm/flares when you have a missile coming your way and thus you can stay in the fray longer ( since not every lock results in a missile being fired and , unless really close/unlucky , should send non soflam projectiles astray ) . your way is safest in terms of staying alive . so , really , you can answer your own question by answering this question : what is most important , staying alive as long as possible , or staying in the midst of battle as long as possible ? edit : with the new patch , i am thinking the best strategy now will be to pop ecm instantly on solid lock , and have the gunner pop flares on any missile locks and never leave the midst of battle . when ecm dies out , the gunner would fire flares if a missile locks on after ecm is gone . by the time the flares are gone , your ecm should be back . hypothetically , you should be able to stay up in the air a damn long time since now javelins and such can miss because of flares . of course , it is now also a lot quicker to lock onto targets with most missile launching vehicles/weapons .
yes , in sector map . change axis and navigate the blinking cursor with the numpad arrows , then click on the cursor . there are mods/scripts that make it even easier to navigate , i do not have the links to them though .
there are multiple ways to avoid his hook . once he shows his initial hook animation ( pointing ) , you have to run in a circle fashion around him . do not run away , as the hook can catch you easily this way . another way to avoid the chain is to keep the butcher at maximum distance , he has to be off screen . when he throws his hook it will not reach you . a good way to practice this is to run down as soon as the fight starts , as he usually begins with hook . then shoot him from the distance . this is only viable if you deal ranged damage . this works fine as the only other attack that can kill you is his charge and he spits fire just before that . note : the chain deals about 30k damage on inferno , so either you go for a quick death , dealing mass damage ( 30k+ ) or you get at least 30k vitality and some good armor . but even with 30k health he will oneshot you with his other abilities . many people claim you can kill the butcher with about 15-17k damage before the enrage timer is activated , but this works only if you deal constant damage ( like a tank ) . for a demonhunter you need about 20k damage without sharpshooter and still you will die very often .
someone can correct me if i am wrong , but i do not believe you can be revived by a teammate . however , i think that killing any enemy ( not just the one who put you in last stand ) will revive you . it is somewhat rare ( and always chaotic ) that i go into last stand , so i am not 100% certain of either of those .
metals metal ores your sims collect in the sims 3 can be smelted for $40 . because of this cost , and the fact that ingots seem to return at 175% of original value , you should not smelt anything under $54 . however , once you have completed the metal collector challenge ( finding all five types of metal ) you will sometimes get extra ingots in the mail . this means you could smelt items in the $40 range because you will often get extra ingots back . ingots can be stacked . if you want to make an impressive display , make a table with stacks of ingots ! source and here a list : here are precious metals , well , they are found in their ore form , and you then need to send it off to a smelter , who will smelt it down , for a fixed fee of §40 , regardless of the ore . this will turn the relatively valueless ore into something that is a bit more valuable , an ingot that will get a 75% increase in value after it is smelted . again , rarity means that you will need to constantly look hard to find the ore that you want , the plutonium ore , which is somehow , safe to pick up . like gems , the metals are determined by weight , the heavier it is , the more it is valued . mercury and platinum are found in china , copper and mummitomium are found in egypt , titanium and iridium are found in france , whilst supernovium and compendium are special , again , a seperate section for them . note that mercury will come in vials , seeing that it is always a liquid when it is at room temperature , so you will not be able to stack it as if it were an ingot bar . source
many more units show up in the single player campaign than appear in multiplayer . the following , however , do not appear at all . zerg defiler guardian devourer old-style queen . old-style infested terran . terran valkyrie protoss reaver dragoon dark archon corsair arbiter shuttle
night blossoms seem to be the only plant that grows back . i have been to crazy joe 's ( i keep wanting to say crazy dave ) swamp a few times and the night blossoms have reset . comet bloom and desert spores must be found , and i have seen no evidence that they regrow . i do not know if the night blossom 's regrowth is due to a timer ( real world or in game ) or tied to story completion . however , it does not really matter as night blossoms are the only plant you can purchase ( in subway town ) in the game .
flying was the only holdout with no pure type pokemon , which as you note gen v changes . from bulbapedia : prior to generation v , this type was the only one of the seventeen that was never seen as an authentic pure type ; tornadus is the first pure flying type . there are , however , a large number of type combinations that do not exist .
when you respawn in the puddle of water , go to opposite direction of the arena ( back ) and near the pool there are two ares statues . you can use those to leave . i just passed 200 levels and the monster programming is clearly repetitive , which points to the possiblity of infinite levels , though i am certain that they did not program as many numbers .
if you train a regular person into being a hacker , their salary will be 10 times ( at least ) what a " hired " hackers will be . once you are in the big office , if you do a hollywood talent search , you usually get a hacker or two , and their salaries are much more reasonable . does not really matter in the late game , but i wrecked myself trying to get hackers a few times before i could hire them .
no , they will not . the in-game help guide even mentions this : after purchasing a house , you can safely leave your items inside — they will always be there when you return .
just one per device . per the hatch twitter
i was able to defeat mesmeroth by just re-doing what i would done before . this time , the health " intervals " that he decreased by were slightly different , and the last time , he went down all the way . i am think that the situation i was stuck in a few times is actually a bug . there was no need to use arrows or bombs at all .
was there any other working pod found on eden prime bunker ? i mean , why was he the only one preserved ? there were thousands of pods on ilos in the the conduit , which was a prothean research centre . quoting the mass effect wiki when the citadel was attacked , the conduit shut down to avoid detection and went into stasis , to be monitored by vigil . since vigil 's power supplies began running low , and the cryo pods were in danger of failing , vigil began cutting power to the pods of non-essential staff to conserve energy . when the reapers finally withdrew through the citadel relay , only the top researchers — a dozen individuals — were left . vigil woke them , and the scientists pieced together what had happened . the surviving prothean scientists knew that rescue was unlikely . instead , they chose to protect the races they had been studying , spared destruction due to their lack of advancement , and began working out where the reapers had come from , and how . after decades of study , they worked out the connection between the reapers , the citadel , and the keepers , and discovered a way to interfere with the signal that compels the keepers to activate the citadel relay . using the conduit , the prothean scientists left ilos , travelled to the citadel and altered this signal . their intention was to prevent the reapers from opening the citadel relay again , and trap them in dark space , but they had no way to be certain their plan had succeeded . the fate of these prothean scientists is unknown . as the conduit portal only links one way and there was no food or water left on the citadel , vigil hypothesized they eventually starved to death . also , there were nearly one million prothean warriors lead by javik , stored in cryogenic lifepods in a bunker facility on eden prime . however , before the facility could be sealed , traitors leaked its existence to the reapers . hundreds of thousands of stasis pods were destroyed in the attack on the facility , killing their occupants . to preserve the few remaining survivors , the facility 's vi , victory , initiated a neutron bombardment to purge reaper forces . the bombardment also severely damaged the facility and rendered the systems responsible for automatically awakening the protheans from stasis inoperable . as javik 's survival was a priority , victory was forced to divert power from the remaining stasis pods to keep javik 's pod working as long as possible in the hope that future civilizations would discover it and revive him .
it is an easter egg , referencing the tv series lost . the page numbers 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 , and 42 are also part of the lost reference . basically , you can throw it away if you want to , or keep it in your private collection .
i can not speak to the ios version , but assuming it is similar enough to the flash version : the most important upgrades for getting to space is the launcher height and band elasticity . fully maxing out the e-rocket is worth ( roughly ) 3 points in the above upgrades . ( when both are at 10 ; a simple launch straight up will go all the way into space with no further input required . ) the chute , radar and jet pack upgrades are mostly useful for getting the money required to upgrade the launcher ; but they still require some luck for effective use . the launcher and band is also very helpful in getting the cash for further upgrades , as they will give more altitude and hang-time when upgraded , yielding higher multipliers .
you get $5 for each entrance correctly resolved . there are some other bribes that appear in the game , people asking for letting them through , it is probably worth $5 extra which means that if you can afford to have a warning you get a profit of one extra person . i never took them so i do not know what are the consequences . you get $200 extra for letting the soldier 's girlfriend through , you get some extra cash if you manage to adopt your niece ( something like $150 -> $200 ) and another $200 , if you properly help the ezic order . the $1000 gift from the order gets you in trouble so either burn it or be ready to have all your money confiscated . if the latter happens , you can sort it out by letting the right ezic agent through but the they will not return the money for you . i just finished a game where i escaped on the 22nd , with my wife and my son and living in a class 7 apartment . the flats are offered for you throughout the game , not sure if at specific dates . you can manage moving to another apartment and paying for bills and what not if you can get about 12~14 entrances sorted out per day . hope this helped and good luck !
after finally becoming a mad scientist i promptly quit , and i was still able to perform experiments on my unsuspecting household items .
make the mom turn so listen is facing the father and abandon is facing the child make the father turn so admire is facing the mother , protect is facing the child make the child turn so love is facing the mother and father . source is ign
strange that you have this problem . might be some issue with psn . can you install other applications like vudu or hulu+ ? also you can try pointing the ps3 browser to www.netflix.com . i think it gives you an option to download it from there .
the annihilus charm is a unique charm , so no , you can not fill your inventory with those , since you can only carry one of each at any time . other than that , for the other charms there is no limit other than your inventory capacity . that is why charms are considered very valuable items : in a limited space they give you powerful bonuses . some links with confirmations of the stacking properties : diablowiki a gamespot forum discussion an incgamers forum discussion regarding the limits , you get a cap only for skills that have a cap ( for example elemental resistances are maxed out at 100% ) ; others , such as magic find , have no cap , so you can hoard as many mf charms you can , but they have diminishing returns ; others instead , as the +skill ones , have no cap at all , so for those the sky 's the limit ! ( or , more realistically , you backpack )
halbu and jamella appear to be a warriors chosen by heaven to fight hell , as tyrael mentions that many mortals have journeyed to the pandemonium fortress . perhaps their near silence is a result of their prolonged and never-ending battle against the burning hells . thats what i have gathered from my diablo 2 strategy guide from ages ago and relistening to tyreal talk :p , plus the wiki i found says the exact same thing . : )
yes , you can craft fist weapons later , just continue upgrading your blacksmith . in fact the first fist weapon is available from level 3 - which is what you have - so you are only a few upgrades away from it ( remember each level has multiple inner sublevels , each unlocking its own recipes ) . here is a full list of all craftable fist weapons along with their level requirement , blacksmith 's level requirement , and component list . to summarize the level requirements :
no , you cannot link with multiple pokémon in one battle . and what password do you have for more eevee ? ?
no , there is no way to choose your nuke . they are launched in sequence . meaning the nuke you build first gets shoot first . this means you can choose the order before you build them , but you cannot change it afterwards . source : i opened a game , build 2 silos and tried everything to change the order . there just is no ui to change the order . i even tried to select 1 ghost and 1 silo while launching , still no effect .
certain onyx medals can be earned more than once . i play arcade campaign a lot and i have earned the medal for getting 7.5 million points 5 times and i am over half way to earning the onyx medal again for killing 1100 humans in beast mode . but i have not been getting any extra for building fortifications in horde mode .
yes , enemies have scaled with level since mass effect 1 and mass effect 3 appears to be no exception from my experience . since an imported level 30 character experiences a normal difficulty in the start of the game rather than being totally overpowered i think it is quite apparent that difficulty does scale with level . if enemies did not scale with level , imported characters would be totally broken so it is easy to see why they kept the scaling difficulty .
was able to remove quest from journal w/ " setobjectivecompleted cr07 10 0" and " setobjectivecompleteed cr07 0 0" . . . but vilkas still thinks it is uncompleted . this one seems hopeless .
a captured soul will be put in the smallest available soul gem that will hold it . so if you capture a lesser soul , and you only have a grand soul gem available , it will be automatically put in the grand soul gem . if you have a empty grand and lesser soul gem , a lesser soul will always be put in the lesser soul gem . if by chance you accidentally fill a larger soul gem with a lesser soul , you can drop it to the ground and pick it back up . dropping soul gems to the ground causes them to lose the stored soul and this prevents the waste of larger gems filled with smaller souls .
there is an option to autoreplace trains when they go for servicing . go to the trains menu and select the ' replace vehicles ' button ( this is also possible for all other types of vehicles ) then choose the train you have currently and its replacement , and select the ' start replacing vehicles ' option to start autoreplacement . when all vehicles are replaced the old vehicle in the autoreplace list will be greyed out , and you can choose ' stop replacing vehicles ' to remove it from the list .
there are several measures you can take against a fed fizz : ranged poke him focus cc on him during team fights get ga/banshee dodge his ult get magic resist
according to the pet guide here , the devourers are ranged pets .
the best way to deal with high templars as zerg is to have a roach heavy army . roaches can take up to 2½ storm , and the burrow ability is great . the protoss will naturally add immortals to counter the roaches . this is why you would add speedlings to your army as well . the speedlings serves two purposes . to deal with immortals to deny expansions then i would recommend going for broodlords or swarm hosts . so all-over i would recommend : roach heavy army speedlings swarm hosts hydras ( if the toss adds air )
yes , based on several types of evidence . i dual-wield exclusively and i know that fighting stance , savage strike , dual savagery etc . stack . the dagger specific perks from the sneak perk tree stack with the perks from the one-handed perk tree . the uesp one-handed page has a section on dual-wielding which says : allows the use of two perk proficiencies at once , such as hack and slash , bladesman , or bone breaker , by mixing weapon types . and dual savagery and dual fury can make for almost scary damage output .
there is actually a pretty simple way to ensure your medical team is constantly healing someone . you have been on the right track with the grenade , but you did not take it far enough . what it requires is the cooperation of several other members of your crew ; they can all be medical , it does not matter . get your hapless red shirt to throw his grenade . after you self-damage your ship , punish him by making him stand in the resulting fire . now , crew are smart enough to move out of fire if possible , so what you need to do is surround the spot with three crew members , move him in , and then close the box with the last crew member . viola ! instant red shirt barbeque , with unlimited potential for healing . you will need to have an enginner or two around to keep the fire in check , though , to make sure the rest of your staff do not turn out extra crispy . that is easy to do , though , just make sure not to put out the fire your red shirt is so helpfully baking himself in .
raptors hide in bushes . bushes usually come in pairs . when you are close to the bush they are hiding in , raptors start jumping at you and then running fast and straight to the bush they were not hiding in in the first place . they will hide in this bush . the process might repeat . you can notice a raptor : only jumps when it first jumps out of the bush it was hiding in , will then run to the next bush , without jumping ( yet still deadly if touched ) , so that it can be avoided by a simple jump . i have finished this game . if i can remember correctly , the trick is either : to anticipate and jump over him ; your jump should begin before the attack , to run back ( to avoid the jump of the raptor ) and back again ( while the raptor is running straight ) so that you jump above it , to be killed , to respawn , and finally to use the fact the raptor will be in the other bush , which may be easier to deal with .
1.0-0.5 high-sec space . if anyone attacks you there they will be flagged as a criminal , and killed by concord ( if a player with criminal flag does not lose his ship while in hi-sec it is considered an exploit ) . note that concord reaction time may vary and if the attacker is able to deliver enough damage before concord arrives you will die . 0.4-0.1 low-sec space . there is no concord in low-sec space and you are much more likely to be attacked by other pilots in low-sec . the attacker gets criminally flagged and if there are any sentry guns nearby he will be shot at by those guns . sentry guns are present at gates and stations only . there are no sentry guns at asteroid belts , planets or moons . 0.0 null-sec space . there are no laws . caution : there are some systems that show up as 0.0 but actually are not null-sec space . if a system shows up as 0.0 but there are sentry guns at gates it is low-sec space with true security status slightly above 0.0 ( for example hophib in aridia ) . true security status is a number between -1.0 and 1.0 . the game interface shows all systems with true ss below 0 as 0.0 . for systems with positive security status only one digit after the decimal point is visible . in systems with lower true security status you are more likely to find rats with higher bounty and better types of ore to mine . to find out true security status of a system go to : http://eve.grismar.net/ssec/index.php
it is hard to see in your pictures but it looks like either un-rendered surface faces or the lighting bug . in both cases this is just the state of minecraft at this current time . the issues have been lingering and annoying . if the surface blocks are not rendering but you can see below them and the render when you step on them , you can mitigate this by turning off advanced opengl . this will not remove the issue but it did help me significantly with my game and a few other people . if it is that the blocks are just not lit then walk into them , update the chunk some how ( place a torch ) and it will update the lighting calculations . this is an acknowledged mojang issue that they are looking at solving with out killing world generation performance . another thing to consider are the mods you are running . . wallhack probably alters the rendering a bit ; )
i do not have any direct evidence without re-installing and recording the game , but no it does not have any effect . shannon is selling you the grenades in order to keep her secret . on an added note , if you attempt to hack the atm she is at , it has 0 dollars . she is a crafty one . there is currently a let 's play in action on deus ex . in this first video you can see manderly confront jc about being in the woman 's restroom . but then in this later video ( which i am pretty certain is on the same save and everything ) you can still buy from shannon .
nope . http://diablo.incgamers.com/forums/showthread.php?519546-the-hardcore-faq 2.3 hardcore vs softcore…what is the difference ? when it comes down to it , the difference is not that great . apart from the one life aspect of hc , the game is exactly the same ; the same items , same skills , same levels , same monsters . however , the spectre of your mortality looming in the background has an enormous effect on the way you build and play your characters , and this will be explained in the section below , entitled gameplay in hardcore . 4.4 are the item drops better in hardcore than softcore ? no . monsters drop exactly the same , regardless of whether you play hardcore or softcore . contrary to urban legend , hardcore does not reward players with better items .
it is probably not going to be exact , but i found this : the colors are in hexadecimal code , the leading ff byte representing opacity . since the colors in game are varied , these were derived from images of the wool texture and averaged over an 11-pixel area in photoshop .
going on the data available to me via the wiki . . . it is more efficient in terms of overall resources spent to level up your farms at the same rate . the level 1 farm costs 20 of each resource for an increase of 1 ( in terms of food production - it is producing 2 food , but that is only 1 improved over the previous level ) . the level 2 farm likewise costs 36 of each resource , and increases the yield by 2 . so you can either spend 20 + 36 == 56 for a level 2 farm for a grand total of 3 increased food per hour , our you can spend 20 + 20 == 40 for two level 1 farms and 2 increased food per hour . 56 / 3 = 18.67 resources / food vs . 40 / 2 = 20 resources / food . at this point , diminishing returns have yet to set in -- it is worth it to get all of your buildings up to level 2 asap , as they provide a better return on your investment . however , if we carry on the math-- a level 3 farm costs 20 + 36 + 64 = 120 resources , the same as upgrading 6 farms to level 1 . level 3 farm = +6 increased food / hour 6 level 1 farms = +6 increased food / hour . at this point , you get the exact same return no matter how you spend your resources . but if we carry the math one step further . . . level 4 farm = 120+112 == 212 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 19.27 resources / food if we spend those same 212 resources on 3 level 2 farms , and 2 level 1 farms , we get 208 resources and 11 increase in food / hour = 18.91 resources / food it is slight , but by this point , you have gained the same bonus for slightly less resources than if you had focused on leveling a single building . keep all your buildings as near in level as you are able for the best efficiency .
there is no way to remap keyboard keys to the equivalent controller buttons needed to activate the ro-bro cheat code . however , the 2014-02-28 update now allows keyboard players to enable ro-bro mode . related changelog : added an option in the settings menu so that mouse and keyboard players have a way to enable ro-bro mode .
fight early , fight often . focus on map awareness . building big armies requires big resources that have to come from somewhere . harass your opponent as he tries to expand , forcing the smaller skirmishes . limiting resources is the best way to force combat with less troops .
there is a no kill moves mod that you can place in your skyrim data directory . there is no way to turn it off in-game .
yes . if you are skulled and in the wilderness , you lose everything . if you are just skulled , but not in the wilderness , you drop everything in a gravestone , which you then have a limited amount of time to return to in order to retrieve your items . you can see what you could lose and keep when you die by bringing up the items kept on death screen from the equipment page . this will show you the items that you automatically keep ( some quest items and low level items ) , as well as the group of items where you will be able to choose three items to keep . again , any items dropped are stored in a gravestone for a limited amount of time . you can then click on the what if i entered the wilderness button to see what would happen if you died in the wilderness . note that both of these screens assume you are not skulled .
go to the pause menu ( press esc on pc ) and choose abort memory to jump out of whatever mission you are currently pursuing , removing whatever objective you are aiming for and allowing you to take new missions . i believe any progress in the current memory will be irreversibly lost .
wrong , 3 silver stars for sustaining damage and 3 silver stars for mission time equals 3 gold stars and that is the maximum amount of merit per mission . you need 6 gold stars to get promoted . you need all 120 silver stars which equal 60 gold stars to get the maximum rank of field marshall . you need 30 gold stars to access the secret mission ( that is the 20th mission , though in some versions of the game there is no merit requirement ) . in my opinion , the time limit for 3 silver stars is more than fair . however , you can basically abuse the system for merit by retrying missions , from end screen , so field marshall is probably attainable by retrying the first mission over and over . seeing as how it can be done in one minute ( you do not need the driver ) you can realistically get to the rank of field marshall in less than half an hour . . .
it is not possible to see the chases while you are running , because they are not directional . the way the chases work is that you are supposed to run 20% faster than you were going before the zombies appeared to outrun them . since it is only speed you need , not direction , there is no reason for them to show you the chase . just make sure you run faster in whatever direction you choose when the app alerts you to a zombie chase , and you should be able to outrun them - they are intended to increase your speed for short bursts . the chases will , however , show up when you view your route in zombielink after your run .
turns out this was caused by a mod . spell sneak attacks , in my case . the ' fiery soul trap ' enchantment 's soul trap effect work properly on weapons with unique properties like the longhammer and the silver greatsword , in vanilla , no-mod skyrim .
its been a while since i played tq , but i remember having great fun playing an elementalist ( storm/earth ) build focused around squall . squall is such a good spell since it makes all ranged attacks miss ( huge bonus for a weak caster ) , and has great aoe . if your friend is planning to be a tank for you , then going high dps with brigand ( hunter/rogue ) and a bow is not a bad idea but you will not have much survivability . i know you said you want a non melee class , but if your friend is not going to be a tank you most certainly will want more survivability , and the templar ( dream/defense ) is one of my favorite tq classes of all time .
stand in honey that is close to a campfire while wearing crimson armour . you will generate health about 350-400% faster than normal . if you actually had a regen potion , it would , of course , be even faster . you could possibly recover 449 health in as little as 30 seconds . i have seen it happen . i have regeneration pools all over my server for boss battles and such . a band of regeneration and a charm of myths would help even more !
the server stops the simulation when no players are connected . therefore , both the day-night cycle and biome spreads do not proceed unless at least one player is in the world . you can test this for yourself with the " time " command in the server console .
no , once you have caught a legendary ( that is able to respawn if beaten ) , it will not respawn again in the same game . i believe this done to prevent having dozens of legendaries from the same game ( in the sense you mentioned , i.e. trading one away , get another , trade it yet away , get yet another . . . ) , while at the same time , give players the possibility to catch them if they accidentally faint the legendary pokémon . legendary birds do not respawn in xy . mewtwo and zygarde can , however .
i do not know what it is by design but i can provide statistics on a per region basis . bare in mind , this is where players are , not where they belong ( so they maybe better or worse than they appear ) . these numbers would seem to suggest the following : diamond : 95th percentile plat : 80th percentile gold : 60th percentile silver : 40-35th percentile bronze : 1st percentile update : at blizzcon 2010 blizzard announced that they would add two new leagues with the following requirements : grand master : top 200 players master : 98th percentile
i suspect your premise about gaining more points for winning than losing is slightly off . generally speaking , once your point level stabilizes due to finding your actual skill level , your points will remain the same relative to others playing the game if you do not get any better/worse . however , the total number of points everyone has will trend upward due to the bonus pool . this does mean it rewards playing more often , but only to a certain extent in a certain time period ( a few games per week , i suspect ) . once you have exhausted your bonus pool , your ranking points will again more-or-less stabilize based on your skill . one of the reasons this was done was to encourage people to actually play the game . since everyone 's points are constantly going up , you have to play to keep up with your peers . if this artificial inflation of points due to the bonus pool was not in place , the player at the very top would - in theory - not have much reason to play ; he is the best and his points will stay the highest until someone usurps him . this way , he has to keep playing to maintain his status . as with any fair matchmaking system , the more people playing , the better , and i think blizzard is trying to encourage more people to play . however , none of this is cut and dry so there is no one reason for any of these decisions ; likewise it is not at all obvious whether this system is superior to the traditional ranking system you mention . that said , here are some good articles on the subject : http://www.sirlin.net/blog/2010/7/24/analyzing-starcraft-2s-ranking-system.html http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=118212 note also that the points you see displayed and used for your ranking may be separate from the underlying statistic used for matching you up against other players . the two stats should converge on relatively the same thing , but the bonus pool adds the extra incentive to play more often .
i am assuming the leader is a player , not an entity . have a scoreboard objective of type health called whatever you want , and set the display to sidebar . make sure the 2 teams have colored names . this will show health for everybody though . also have an objective for death counts to keep track of when the leader dies . commands : /scoreboard objectives add health health Health - make health objective /scoreboard objectives setdisplay health sidebar - set to sidebar /scoreboard teams add red Red - add team red /scoreboard teams add redleader Red - add team red 's leader /scoreboard teams add blueleader Blue - add team blue 's leader /scoreboard teams option red color red - set red name color to red /scoreboard teams option blue color blue - set blue name color to blue /scoreboard teams option redleader color red - set redleader name color to red /scoreboard teams option blueleader color red - set blueleader name color to blue then have a clock testing for a death . commands : /scoreboard objectives add death deathCount Deaths - make deaths objective testfor @a[score_death_min=1,team=redleader] - output to whatever you want to happen when the red leader dies . testfor @a[score_death_min=1,team=blueleader] - output to whatever you want to happen when the blue leader dies . also do not forget to add all the people in the game to their teams !
switch weapon . the action of switching will cancel out the reloading . just scroll down and up really quickly and you will stop reloading and be able to shoot again .
in the entire map there is one path to the end from the escape , and that is the west entrance to the end . we also know that there is an exit from the end that leads to the actual end area . the simplest explanation is that the east exit from the end is that exit , and that the game does not register it when you do . since there are no other exits from that room , i would infer that there are no other secret exits .
yes you can buy games or items , without previous games installed . for games you buy them as gifts and choose add to inventory as your option , for steam community items like dota2 , tf2 and csgo items they will always be saved to your inventory so you do not need the game in your library sidenote ( if you buy tf2/dota crates you will need the game to open them )
it is a % chance but you can have multiple attempts at dominating an enemy . the following factors seem to come into play when trying to dominate somebody : the level and type of enemy the number of enemies around at the time ( large groups seem to just ignore you , while a guard by themselves will back down easier ) the guard/police officers alert state ( they are more likely to surrender if you jump out from around a corner at them and start screaming at them than if they are already actively engaged with you , but it is still possible to injure one and then shout him down ) how far away you are from the guard/police officer the skills you have , the tier 3 bonus increases shout range and the tier 6 bonus increases intimidation amount if you get too close to a guard , he will simply handcuff you and if you are too far away though ( and do not have the top tier mastermind perk which increases intimidation and the additional skills that increase range ) then you will simply be out of range . once you have your target 's attention , intimidating them requires three shouts . video courtesy of ronanforman the first shout will make him put his hands up and drop his weapon the second will make him kneel the third will make him handcuff himself once your target is handcuffed , he is a hostage and is included in the hostage counter , can be traded for your team mates lives , and can only be freed by a law enforcer . a handcuffed law enforcer can then be turned using the " joker " ability in the mastermind skill tree to fight on your side .
some mods or software that you could use to increase performance : ctd and memory patch enboost have you tired from ctds when your game is heavily modded ? unable to install hd texture packs without ctds or travel in the world very fast ? this patch fixes the problem and also brings you higher performance even without memory fixes enabled . this is not a graphic modification , so feel free to use with vanilla game . this will not degrade quality in any way to increase performance . unofficial skyrim patch - a comprehensive bugfixing mod ; also contains a " savegame debloatifier " feature that may help improve performance skyrim performance plus - installing it will give little ( unnoticeable ) graphics degradation , while certain cpu-intensive effects ( falling rain , snow , leaves , etc . ) are underway injectsmaa - like fxaa , but looks and performs better ( disable fxaa if using this ; if using enbseries , use the ' proxylibrary ' . ini setting to also use injectsmaa with enbseries ) skyrim project optimization [ uses ] a feature called occlusion culling , where [ it ] manually puts occlusion planes in some spots of the interiors to improve performance . what these occlusion planes do is unrender parts of the cell/objects/npcs that are not being seen by the player , in most cases behind a wall or above/below floors ( occluded ) . if less things are being draw on-screen at the same time , it means your hardware is using less processing power to achieve the same thing , and it automatically converts in better performance . these mods will increase performance , depending on a computer 's specs , but will degrade graphics or turn off visual effects : colorful lights - no shadows - more fps if your computer spec lurks somewhere near or below the edge of the recommended minimum system requirements you have probably noticed that the option to disable shadows is not offered in the launcher , and consequently may have noticed that the low quality shadow settings look like garbage . if you scratched a little deeper you probably tried disabling shadows by changing the commonly recommended ini values and were disappointed to find everything had turned dark and colorless . the vanilla shadow options amount to menu choices between a garbled blocky flickering striped mess and a beautiful slide show , or editing the ini to induce a global dungeon vibe . this mod offers a alternative that i think strikes a nice balance between eye candy and system performance by removing most of the system-hog shadows . everything will still be shaded to create the static , nice-looking shadows and colorful lights that utilize relatively little system resources . the shadows that are removed by this are the dynamically-rendered flickering shadows , commonly found near flames . bethesda hd textures redux this is a cut down version of bethesda hd texture pack for skyrim . it aims at improving skyrim visuals while , at the same time , allowing pc users with old systems to benefit from higher resolution textures . interior and dungeon fog remover removes fog in dungeons and indoor locations ; use this if getting low performance in these areas . replaces most default " fog " meshes with blank ones . several people have commented saying they are getting better performance in specific areas , so if you notice unusual performance drops in the presence of fog , this might help you . hialgoboost fps performance accelerator hialgoboost dynamically modifies internal rendering resolution in order to increase frame rate , and utilizes various additional approaches to make the game more responsive and smoothly controllable . it does not affect game contents . ( shamelessly copied from my answer in another question here . )
sharks can be found in most open water areas in far cry 3 . look for the shark symbol on the map , you should see several .
castle vox conflict resolution details are described here : http://sillysoft.net/forums/viewtopic.php?t=19387
the deck that i have had the most success with is as follows : jace 's phantasm ( 2 ) , visions of the beyond ( 2 ) , tome scour ( 2 ) , unsummon ( 2 ) , hedron crab ( 2 ) , counterspell ( 2 ) , into the roil ( 2 ) , jace 's erasure ( 2 ) , mind sculpt ( 3 ) , crippling chill ( 3 ) , sands of delirium ( 1 ) , sword of body and mind ( 1 ) , clone ( 2 ) , sleep ( 1 ) , icy manipulator ( 2 ) , telemin performance ( 1 ) , archive trap ( 1 ) , body double ( 1 ) , traumatize ( 1 ) , scalpelexis ( 1 ) , isleback spawn ( 2 ) , chancellor of the spires ( 2 ) the breakdown looks like this : mana 1: 10 mana 2: 9 mana 3: 5 mana 4: 5 mana 5: 5 mana 7: 4 sub total : 38 total ( inc mana cards ) : 65 the focus of the deck is to attack the other player 's library , while drawing cards . half of the spells in the deck are low-cost ( 1 or 2 mana ) to allow for a constant assault . this also means you should be able to start right away . i have ignored cards that allow the opponent to draw cards , as i found this to be a great help whenever i play against jace 's deck . in answer to the second question , there are several ways to modify this deck , but i would advise staying as close as possible to the 60 card deck minimum . a full listing of available cards ( by deck ) can be found here
i found this forum thread which claims to have a full listing of all the geneforge 2 endings , and there is no reference to tuldaric 's modifications having any impact . nothing about altering appears anywhere in any reference to an ending as far as i can tell . without playing the game through twice , i can not give a definitive answer , but from what i have seen , i think you will get the " non canister " ending if you do not use canisters but agree to the alteration .
if this happens only sometimes , you might try restarting the app from the beginning . this should restart both the gps location fixing process and the game 's knowledge of current gps status . when you switch applications on android , they are not always entirely closed ( they go to a " stopped " state , from which they will be destroyed when the system wants to ) . this allows to resume the applications quickly , but if the application is in an error state , it also resumes the same error state . to force close an application on android : go to settings , active applications , and click on the " end " button to stop it . on new latest androids , it is also possible to use the application switcher ( long-press on home button ) . when you slide an application off the list , it gets closed . you will know ingress was completely closed , if when you open it , it starts with the short splash screen showing a version number and a logo . however , if this happens all the time , seems like ingress application can not connect to your gps for some reason . file a bug about it , if you have confirmed that other applications can get a gps fix .
the star trek online wiki has a wonderful description of each damage type , i have copy and pasted them below ( in case the website goes boom ) . phaser damage is displayed as an orange colored beam . it is a directed energy primarily used by the federation for both ground and space weaponry , although in-game any race or faction can use phaser energy weapons . the term " phaser " is an acronym for phased energy rectification . player-acquired starships for the federation by default come with phaser energy weapons . shields and armor with the [ pha ] suffix modifier take 20% less phaser damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : disable 1 subsystem for 5 seconds ( space ) / 5% chance : +2 hold disruptors are a type of directed energy used in weapons , and are green or dark green in color . they are used by races such as the romulans , klingons , gorn and orions . there are multiple types of disruptor energy ranging from type 1 to type 3 , although in-game there does not appear to be any difference between disruptor energy weapons . disruptors cause damage to the target by breaking the bonds of atoms . shields and armor with the [ dis ] suffix modifier take 20% less disruptor damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) : 10% damage resistance debuff plasma energy beams are emerald in color . plasma projectiles are typically seen in use by romulan , cardassian and borg vessels and weapons platforms . high-yield plasma projectiles are extremely powerful . focused beam plasma energy is not directly used by any one race or faction in the game . shields and armor with the [ pla ] suffix modifier take 20% less plasma damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% ( space ) / 5% ( ground ) chance : applies a non-stacking dot tetryon energy beams are blue in color . tetryon weapons are not specifically used by any race or faction , but they are available to anyone . tetyrons are subatomic particles that exist outside of normal space . when brought into normal space from subspace ( artificially or naturally ) they become highly unstable . shields and armor with the [ tet ] suffix modifier take 20% less tetryon damage than usual . energy bonus : bonus damage to shields ( ground and space ) polaron directed energy was heavily utilized by the jem'hadar during the dominion war on both their starship and ground weapons . in star trek online they are pink/purple in color and are available to all races and factions . they are first available to players at the captain rank ( mk viii ) . polaron ground weaponry typically leaves an anticoagulant behind , although this is not the case in the game . shields and armor with the [ pol ] suffix modifier take 20% less polaron damage than usual . energy bonus : 2.5% chance : -25 power to all subsystems ( space ) / 5% chance : weapons malfunction for 5 sec ( ground ) antiprotons , when confined into a beam , are normally yellow in color ; however , in star trek online it appears near identical at distance to phaser energy 1 and the differences are only apparent up close . [ 2 ] up close , the energy looks a lot more unstable , similar to plasma and tetyron energy . antiproton beams were used by the planet-destroying doomsday machine . in the game , antiproton energy is used on end-game weaponry . shields with the [ ap ] suffix modifier take 20% less antiproton damage than usual . energy bonus : +2% critcal chance +40 critical severity in star trek online all types of torpedoes and mines use kinetic energy as a form of damage . kinetic energy is highly negated by shields both in ground combat by a personal shield and space combat by a shield array . kinetic energy is produced from the reaction of any explosion . although projectiles are based on kinetic damage they do have some differences ; for example , quantum torpedoes and mines use plasma-based warheads , whereas photon torpedoes and mines use a standard matter/antimatter warhead . all projectiles are fully based around kinetic energy damage . energy bonus : none
there are certainly behavioral differences at the harder difficulty levels . a few that i have noticed : harder ais : scout more aggressively defend better against rushes ( ie . by pulling workers off the mineral line to defend ) will target scvs instead of hopelessly attacking whatever it is the scvs are repairing so it seems to me the developers actually took into account tactics that better players use and only make these tactics available to the ai based on its difficulty . of course , this is only a small piece of the puzzle and there are no doubt a lot of factors that go into it . if you are really curious , i would suggest saving some replays of different level ais ( for the sake of the experiment , make them the same race and on the same map ) and actually watching what they do differently .
decapitation will prevent reanimation , though it is impossible to pull off consistently , and it does not work on creatures . reanimated corpses will turn to dust after the spell ends or the caster is killed , which prevents further reanimation . disintegration from lightning magic also works . kill the necromancer raising them . raise them first .
not generally , per their agreement : " all steam fees are payable in advance and are not refundable in whole or in part . " however , it is possible in special circumstances to cancel an order . i managed to undo a preorder of a game that went on sale the day after i preordered it . i contacted customer support , and since i did not actually get the game yet ( it was not out ) , they allowed me to cancel my preorder and reorder with the sale price . i do not recall whether my credit card had been charged for the initial order , however .
hold down back ( xbox ) or select ( ps3 ) , go to " quick gps " and select " atm " which will put a waypoint on the nearest atm . this is from the gta online guide - interaction menu : use the interaction menu to access the quick gps function , which will help you find your way to useful locations more quickly . view the interaction menu in game by holding select/back . use quick gps to quickly navigate to locations such as your home , nearby atms , ammu-nation and more . you can also use quick gps while doing missions – objective locations will appear as quick gps destinations . called pegasus for one of your air or sea vehicles ? then select ‘pegasus vehicle’ as a quick gps location and go straight to your awaiting vehicle . edit : here is a little more information about atms i found in the gta online guide : you can also access your bank account to make deposits and withdrawals using the internet , simply visit www.maze-bank.com from your phone’s web browser or any connected device . your bank is shared between your character slots so they can deposit and withdraw from the same account . gta dollars bought from the store will be deposited directly into your bank account .
ben 's answer is technically right , but not very detailed , and the post he links to is quite misleading . i am going to put the rest of this in spoilers , so only mouse over if you want to know what they are . the crystals are a food of sorts for a construct named blackroot . you do not have to wait til you get the tremor gauntlet to collect them , as they can be broken with redemption , after you talk to blackroot , who can be found in the western bend of the fjord .
loot is " first come first served": only one copy of each item exists for all players to share . this goes for both ammo , guns , shields , grenade mods , . . . everything . the only thing that is awarded " privately " for each player is quest rewards . not specializing in the same gun types could be beneficial , but i do not honestly think you had have too much issues if you used the same kind of guns . and yes - you can play the same class , if you so desire .
according to the dwarf fortress wiki : you can choose the name of your own fortress during the embark process . when you reach the stage where you are deciding on your founder 's skills and starting items , press shift+f to choose your fortress name . you will be given a semi-random name automatically . fortress names are always compounds of two dwarven words . if you choose to pick your own name , you can craft a fortress name that would otherwise be rejected by the name generator .
if you can not dig across to get to the adamantine , you will just have to start from above the magma sea and dig straight down once you have located the adamantine veins . and if you have not already : breach into the magma sea by channeling to make lower levels visible . to quote the simpsons : " no , dig up , stupid . " : )
there are specific vision indicators as you have already noticed but you cannot tell whether somthing is true vision ( ignores stealth ) or just a normal vision ( ignores fog of war / bushes ) . this depends entirely on the spell that is cast . a nidalee trap grants vision to a stealthed target and it used to have the same indicator ( second picture ) as corkis phosphorous bomb ( does not reveal stealth ) . if you see such a thing above your head it basically just means that the enemy has vision on this champion . here you can find a list with all stealth detection methods . here you can find a list of all vision generating spells . you will notice some of them use the same icon as stealth detecting ones . the following champion spells use individual " marks " for vision . the ones not listed use the standard " eyes " that look like this diana q ( champion is pierced by a ray of dim light , does not reveal stealth ) warwick e ( two red eyes , does not reveal stealth ) twisted fate r ( orange eye , does reveal stealth ) talon q ( blade above the target , does not reveal stealth directly but prevents from entering it due to ticking damage ) nidalee passive ( a yellow triangle , does reveal stealth ) rengar r ( not really a mark , but the champion glows red , reveals stealth )
need to get at least 3 baby masks on the upstairs after cracking the safe open . each difficulty level gives you an achievement . need to do all 4 of course to get all 4 . masks are in random spots . sometimes grabbing one triggers a witch that will instant down you so u need to have support to get you up .
http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/meeko%27s_shack you can get this dog just by simply going to near his house . make sure you follow him when you first see him . afterwards , unlike the dogs you buy , you can tell him to head home and later pick him back up at the shack for free again . he does get annoying some times , since he will run blindly into traps and bark over and over and over and over during important events .
yes , if a minion attacks a hero with the weapon exposed , they will take the damage from the weapon , but the weapon will not lose any uses .
ok so i cleared out about 90% of the castle with a lich and here are some numbers : i started with : hp = 135 mp = 167 i reached the cap on hp ( which i guess answers this question but i wanted to figure out some more ) : hp = 383 mp = 167 i used hp conversion ( popped up -191 max hp , +191 max mp ) : hp = 191 mp = 358 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -99 max hp , +99 max mp ) : hp = 100 mp = 457 ( found a +5 hp stat in a chest here ) i reached the cap on hp once again : hp = 386 ( 383 + 5/2 ? ) mp = 457 i used hp conversion again ( popped up -194 max hp , + 194 max mp ) : hp = 194 mp = 651 i used hp conversion again ( popped up max mp converted . need higher level ) so then i just got to the hp cap again and here is my final result : my stats read 386 max hp and 651 max mp so the max cap for both stats are determined by your overall stat in that , the biggest thing that stood out to me was the max hp + 5 stat increased my hp cap by 3 ( maybe 2.5 ? ) . i may try to see what max hp paladins and barbarians have with out upgrading and keeping track of stat upgrades i find . maybe i will take off hp giving equipment and subtract the bonuses my lich has on right now to see how he matches up , could do the same for archmages or something as well . but first this guy has to die , or maybe beat my last 2 + final bosses . edit : ponce too strong for the crowstorm lich : ( but back too numbers : did not purchase any hp+ or mp+ with my money , did not get any stats so just dis-equipped . hp w/o equip bonuses : lich hp cap = 311 barbarian max hp = 473 paladin max hp = 315 most i could say here is the cap is about the same as the paladin 's current max hp mp w/o equip bonuses : lich mp cap = 566 archmage max mp = 375 so the lich caps at about 1.5 times as much mp as the archmage currently has max .
in d and d systems spells are uses / day . they return when you rest only . you can change the spells you are going to use for the next day in your spellbook , but you will need to rest to be able to use them .
short answer : no . they have been many discussion on this topic in dota 2 and as long as you try your best to win , you can raise your mmr and reach your full potential without getting stuck in any " elo hell " . for the record , the experiment made in the link above consist in : a highly rated player ( 5400-5600 mmr ) using a low calibrated account ( 2900 mmr ) played 144 consecutives game with a 85% winrate brought the mmr of the 2900 account up to 5400 raised the victory ratio from 47% to 60% on the account
using command blocks and some redstone , this can be achieved . first of all , you need to set /gamerule doDaylightCycle to false , to stop the natural daylight cycle . from here , we are going to use command blocks ( /give &lt;username&gt; command_block ) , some redstone , and the command /time add &lt;number&gt; to control the daylight cycle . here is a very simple , and pretty easy to tune setup : the command on the command block is /time add &lt;number&gt; , tuned however you would like ( 1 item in the clock with an increment of 5 results in a 28 minute day ) . there is no hidden redstone , and both pistons are sticky . the hoppers feed into each other , and you choose the number of items put in ( more items means slower day/night cycle ) . the formula for calculating the length of daytime is 140 * (items / number) minutes of daytime ( double that for the length of a whole day ) . you are also going to want to use the command /gamerule commandBlockOutput false if you do not want periodic chat updates saying Added 1 to time . you are also going to want to put this in your spawn chunk if you intend for it to work no matter where you are in the world ( determine your spawn chunk by breaking your bed and killing yourself ) .
i do not believe that chest to be safe and is tied directly to a quest . i would suggest checking out this page here . it lists all the currently known locations in the world with ' safe ' storage that will not reset . . . my personal favourite is the alchemist 's shack .
since soul trap can not be resisted ( well , except by corpses and dragons and the like ) , i do not think there is much of a point in stacking soul trap . but there is one minor one that has more to do with fiery soul trap 's mechanics than stacking soul trap . the fire damage on fiery soul trap is fixed at 10 , aside from perk effects . that means if you turn the magnitude all the way down to 1 ( 1 second soul trap ) , you are doing 10 fire damage for far cheaper than a normal fire enchantment . you can then add a longer soul trap and have it be marginally cheaper than if you had just made the fiery soul trap enchantment stronger , i believe . i did not look too far into it because it seems kind of wasteful , but for me the break-even point was 8-second soul trap ( so 9- or 10-second soul trap + 1 sec fiery soul trap is cheaper than just 9- or 10- second fiery soul trap ) . there are way better combinations , of course , because one second of soul trap is really all you need . there is a similar mechanic for the notched pickaxe . it does shock damage ( at 50% of the magnitude of a shock enchantment ) and grants a bonus to smithing . you get the +5 bonus to smithing no matter the magnitude of the shock damage .
most ( maybe all ? ) of the races in forza single-player require you to match a certain type of vehicle . it may be limited to performance in some races ( as defined by the letter classes ) , in other races it may be limited by make and/or model , in some it is even more granular -- i recall at least a few where there were horsepower limits , so you had to mod the car for weight and balance to get that edge . i do not remember forza 2 well enough to compare , but i felt that forza 3 provided a good amount of challenge for most of the races . of course , the make/model races were easy to overpower ( i had a stingray optimized for handling first and power second , and easily wiped up the chevy meets ) . but overall , the balance was pretty decent in forza 3 .
so there is no strategy that leads to ht + colossus , and really any protoss who runs that build is kind of shooting themselves in the foot . let me explain : the colossus is an excellent unit , it provides aoe ground damage while maintaining a significant range . unfortunately , these beasts are balanced by some severe drawbacks : long tech time and heavy gas investment . in addition to have to go gateway-> core-> robo-> bay , the colossus becomes most effective after it receives the thermal lance upgrade . this is an extremely long tech lead up . frequently players will go 3 gate pressure just to provide the time necessary to build up to colossus and reach critical number . the high templar is an excellent unit , it provides aoe ground damage while maintaining a significant range . unfortunately , these beasts are balanced by some severe draw backs : long tech time and heavy gas investment . in addition to have to go gateway-> core-> archives-> counsel , the high templar only really becomes effective after it receives the psionic storm upgrade . this is an extremely long tech lead up . frequently players will go 3 gate pressure into robo and only transition to high templar as a late game move because of the time necessary to build up to high templar and reach critical number . notice how similar those two paragraphs were ? that is probably because i copy and pasted most of it . the colossus and the high templar serve the same role . there is no real reason to go colossus + high templar . both are heavy gas sinks . instead , it is more frequent for protoss players to go colossus and then transition into high templar . the important part about this transition is that you have to transition as well . for a colossus you will want to utilize corruptors , roaches , or ultralisks to eat through the opposing army quickly and take down these money units . by comparison high templar are more vulnerable to mutalisk , roaches , or brood lords . units which can either survive the damage or snipe the high templar . the important point here is that if your opponent is transitioning you need to transition as well . its also important to note that there is no zerg unit which really counters the high templar . unlike the colossus which is vulnerable to a specialized unit like the corruptor , or relies on other units as a shield ( thus making it vulnerable to the ultralisk ) , there is no real weakness for the high templar . they are more balanced by the extremely high resource investment you need to get to them . usually if you get to the point where your opponent has high templar you have a tier 3 army of your own you can pressure him with . if you find yourself against early high templar then chances are your opponent made a large sacrifice to get them early and you missed a crucial opportunity . i would never say high templar are unbeatable , as protoss you really need to be on about 3 base before you can transition safely to ht . however they are extremely good against a number of core zerg units : zerglings , hydralisks , infestors , mutalisk . so be very careful when approaching them . they require a lot of finesse . the last thing i will mention is a quote from jeff " incontrol " robinson : high templar are kind of like that building in age of empires , you know the one where you have to build it and then hang on to it for 20 minute then you automatically win the game . . . wonders , that is the one .
like final fantasy xiii , extras are unlockables you can use out-of-game when you complete certain objectives . they are always tied to major achievements , like completing the storyline or non-trivial achievements ( gold or platinum trophies in the ps3 version ) 1 . for the ps3 version , the extras available are xmb themes . for the xbox 360 version , the extras available are gamer pictures/icons . note 1 : gamefaqs has the specific info about how to unlock them .
as the other answer states , there are no real advantageous bonuses to having furniture , but it does make the game feel a little more realistic and as you stated adds some asthetics so your home . as far as the interactions go , the best way to think about it is how would your real life pet interact with something ? the t . v , he will stare at it the couch , he will sleep on it the fish , he will stare at it ( and probably consider consuming it ) as for your question , the larger things such as tables and cabinets , the cats may sleep on them , but thats about it . if you check the nintendogs + cats wiki you can see how your pets will interact with the furniture items . ( and the requirements to obtain them )
the steam trading cards beta is currently limited to counter-strike : global offensive , team fortress 2 , dota 2 , portal 2 , half-life 2 and do not starve . that means you will have to play the base hl2 to earn trading cards , at least until hl2e2 is added to the list of participating games . ( half-life 2 and its episodes are all independent games as far as steam is concerned . )
on low mps , archon wizard is the fastest for xp farming . they can ( as of 1.08 ) keep up permanent archon and roll through hordes of monsters . they are also relatively cheap to set up as you can get a 150k dps archon wizard for 10-15m that can roll through mp2 in no time . for higher mps , you will have to swap to a cm build , but those are way more expensive to gear up than building a decent archon wizard . on higher mps , the best/fastest xp farming is barbarians using the tornado/ww setup . barbs have the best survivability on higher mp due to the fact that they are the only class that can get life steal on the belt and also they have a passive that grants 3% life steal . also , their perma wotb means they are completely immune to crowd control , which is absolutely necessary on higher mps . wotb is actually pretty bad on low mps because you kill monsters so fast its hard to generate the amount of fury required to keep it permanently up . however , their gear is super expensive and it will cost 200+m to set up a barb that can handle mp7+ with ease . monks can build a tempest rush + wave of light build that can farm quite fast , this build requires 4 piece innas ( to make sweeping wind cost next to nothing ) as well as additional spirit regen gear to maximize wave of light spam . its quite possible to get enough spirit regen for perm tempest rush , the trick is to use a slow attack weapon ( skorn is perfect for this build ) . wol becomes less useful at higher mps due to increasingly higher monster health , but well geared monks can still farm quite fast ( as is the case with every class ) . this all comes down to how much gold you have . if you can afford it , barbs farm the fastest , but their gear is the most expensive . monks are relatively cheap to gear due to one with everything , and decent int wizard gear is the cheapest to find . note , both the archon and wotb builds are likely to change in the future as blizzard has repeatedly said that they want to address the issue of perma archon and perma wotb .
yes , this is called the rubber band effect generally , what is happening is the a . i is trying to present a challenge to you without seeming completely impossible to beat . when you are driving worse ( or if you are a newer player not used to the ins and outs of the game ) the a.i. players drive slower . when you pick up your game and start racing faster , the a . i compensates by making the enemies faster as well . the reason this is called ' rubber band ' is because it is like having an invisible rubber band between you and the other racers . when you are slow , you drag on them , when you are fast , you drag them along . you can also see this effect in the weapon pickups available to you - when you are winning , you will mostly get banana skins and fake pickup boxes . when you are losing , you will get homing shells etc .
i believe there is no factor for doing stunts , it is just the distance covered that counts . however i could find evidence both for and against the trick theory ( none of them 100% reliable , mind you ) for : http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/105768-13-andreas-increase-driving-skills against : http://gta.wikia.com/statistics if i remember correctly , it was a viable technique to level up these skills by jumping a vehicle onto a flatbed train and letting it carry you around the map for a few ( or for lots of ) rounds .
if you die as a phantom you only return to your world where you last rested at a bonfine . there is no penalty to dieing as a white or gold phantom . in addition as a blue phantom you also do not incur a penalty . however if you invade others as a red phantom you " die" ( drop souls and humanity ) where you were when you invaded but you remain human and return to the bonfire .
according to the mass effect wiki there are only 7 playable races human drell asari krogan quarian salarian turian as a side note , only humans can be every single class . the wiki also has a table for class/race combinations . dlcs : as of the resurgence dlc pack ( free ) , the following races were added : batarian geth as of the rebellion dlc pack ( free ) , the following races were added : vorcha quarian project phoenix ( modified human ) as of the earth dlc pack ( free ) n7 ( modified human ) as of the retaliation dlc pack ( free ) volus
you will need to use these abilities ; rapid getaway speed freak flicker you are better off using melee consumers ( as you start with 5/5 melee resources , in contrast to another resources for pistols , for example ) to trigger rapid getaway , preferably one that is instant cast so you can spam sprint immediately after . start towards the starting line and trigger rapid getaway as you pass the start line trigger speed freak and then get sprint up as soon as possible keep running toward the finish line with just sprint use flicker at the last second to get you over the finish line . without using flicker at the last second you will not make it , recasting anything during the run will take you out of sprint , and will slow you down .
you have a morgue and from the picture i cannot see any problem with it , so it must be a bug causing the cook to be left in the infirmary . one way to fix the problem is to edit the save game file but remember to take a copy first in case editing it causes it not to load properly . search for the text " type cook " to locate each cook in the file . for some objects the information is all on one line , other times it gets split into multiple lines , so use a regex like Type[ ]+Cook[ ]* . the reason to match spaces after the word " cook " is that otherwise you will also find all the Cookers in your prison kitchens . check for a line with Damage followed by a number , i think 1 represents full damage and any value between 0 and 1 is the level of injury . e . g in my prison i have an injured dog handler changing the value to zero , or removing the line should bring the cook back to life ! if you have any problems add the section of the save game file to your question and i will see if i can help . original answer , before the question was updated showing the morgue : if you do not want to create a whole new room for the morgue you can allocate space in your infirmary for a couple of slabs . change the room type of the top part of your infirmary to morgue ( red rectangle in my picture ) and then add one or two slabs ( white rectangles ) . the chef will be moved to one of them and eventually a hearse will arrive to take him away . do not worry about the doors being blocked , people will still be able to go through them . if you start to get a lot of bodies piling up then you can build a separate , bigger , morgue .
bigger characters have a longer reach and less power . smaller characters have shorter reach and more power . the optimal setting is the size of the character who uses that specific fighting style . ( i.e. . if you create a character with voldo 's style and choose the optimal height , that character would have the same reach and power as voldo in arcade mode . )
i always thought that it was the top 3 players of each team . those links seems to tell that sometimes one or two guys are selected randomly .
some ps3 users have had problems with this also . it appears to be a game bug that affects a limited subset of users . for other users , the course rank shows up correctly . i was unable to find a solution , or any offical developer comment on these issues .
since toughness is added to armour at a rate of 100% ( that is , 1 toughness = 1 armour ) - this question is actually " does armour work while in a downed state " . the answer to this is yes - armour will mitigate its usual percentage of incoming damage while you are in a downed state . it is worth noting that armour does not mitigate condition damage , only direct damage , so if you are poisoned or bleeding it will not help you much but if you have a risen hitting on you it will .
my best guess is yes , since having steam does not affect any game " saving format " . just make sure you are transfering the save of skyrim , and not the one that steam saves and sync to cloud .
you should not have more than one chocolate bar . if you have more , it should display you have 2 chocolate bars \o/ ( a bug ? oo ) because it is not intended to have more than the one bar , you can not do anything with the additional bars .
the nes must do the following to " read " the zapper : wait until next frame starts make the screen black , except for a small area where a target is read the zapper to see if it is detecting light wait until next frame starts make the screen completely black read the zapper to see if it is not detecting light if it detected light in both step 2 and 5 , the zapper is not pointed at the tv set and the program should count it as a miss . however , if light was detected in step 2 but not step 5 , then the program should count it as a hit . this is why the screen flickers in duck hunt , and the duck sprite is replaced with a solid white sprite for 1/60th of a second , when you pull the zapper trigger . tl ; dr : it should work on any tv if the contrast and response time of the display are good enough .
become a turtle A turtle ! A turtle ! Do you want to become a turtle ?  yes ! the moat is actually crossable with a moving platform , but this platform moves too slowly for you . by becoming a turtle , you will move at the right speed to cross the moat . drink it just before you are about to fall in , and your slower speed will match that of the platform .
treasure boxes have , and probably always will be , one time occurrences in the final fantasy series . therefore , if you sell a unique item you will permanently no longer have access to the item ( i found out the hard way with the bloody Morph materia in ff7 ) . there are no missable items in ff13-2 so unless you sell it , you can get it . the only exceptions to these are mini-games . although i do not think any mini-game in ff13-2 gives a treasure box as a reward . another point to note is the Live Trigger rewards . you get rewards , kind of like the treasure box , for a ' funny ' answer and a ' serious ' answer . you can use Time Reversal to replay these events and retrieve the missed items . but once you have both items , they cannot be gotten again .
there are literally dozens of terran builds and possibly hundreds of cheeses . as a result i am going to try and lay out a couple of the broad strokes , but unlike protoss or zerg these are not going to be succinct build orders . the three major builds in terran play are : bio mech 1:1:1 obviously there is a lot of variation and overlap between these builds but i am going to try and lay out the broad strokes here . terran bio revolves around building a marine/marauder/medivac force for a nice timing push . this is sometimes called the mmm build . openings usually consist of 3 barracks ( sometimes called rax ) , 2 with techlabs and 1 with a reactor . a terran economy can readily support 3 barracks . the timing push here usually comes at about 40 food with a heavy marauder/marine force with stim . the build continues to evolve into the late game by adding on a factory and starport for medivac support . medivacs are key to stim based play , as any force that stims is necessarily at reduced hp for the remainder of the game . additionally , medivac 's provide for drops which increases the mobility of your army . you can also transition into bio mech , or add ghosts on for tvp . terran mech grew out of early hellion harass . this usually involved building one barracks before going to 2 factory and pumping out hellions for early harass and then transitioning into a more stable thor/siege tank force . this is especially effective vs zerg players going muta/ling as upgraded hellions are powerful vs zerglings and thors do splash damage to mutalisk . additionally , heavy siege tank forces are effective vs hydra/roach armies . top zerg players ( such as artosis and idra ) have said that terran mech is so powerful it is " broken " ( a term to mean unbalanced ) against zerg . a key point to remember is that the initial barracks can be used for scouting or to produce marines ( which help an early mech army ) . the 1:1:1 was first popularized by the player the little one ( tlo ) and has become the standard in tvt play . the name derives from having one of each unit producing structure : 1 barracks , 1 factory , 1 starport . the synergy that units from these buildings provide have cause this build to become increasingly popular outside of tvt play . the basic idea here is to build a marine , tank , viking force , using the vikings to give line of sight to the siege tanks ( which can fire further than they can see ) and using marines to fight off air harass . one of the important points of this strategy is to use vikings to establish air dominance . in a losing battle , the vikings can always land and wait for marine support ( as vikings are an air to air unit ) . the power from this build comes in its flexibility . usually 1 techlab and 2 reactors , these addons can quickly be switched , allowing the deployment of banshees ( once air superiority has been obtained ) and hellions , or swapping to marauders to break a siege tank grouping . unless there are serious balance changes in the future a number of sc2 commentators ( huk , day9 ) have suggested that this will become the standard terran play . i will briefly mention a couple of the standard terran cheese strategies . 6 rax into reaper harass is a popular tvp strategy , as early reapers built from a proxy rax ( a barracks built close to the opponent ) will arrive before the protoss has stalkers and thus are unbeatable with good micro . banshee rush , especially against zerg opponents has also been popular as zerg does not have a staple unit before tier 2 that can attack air . thor drops ( often a part of mech builds , or biomech ) are very effective . while rushing thor drops can be considered a cheese , use of them as part of a normal build is present at even the competitive level . standard terran opening is : 9 supply 12 barracks 13 refinery ( optional ) 15 orbital command how to read these : the number indicates the number of supply you should have when you build your first structure . this number is usually scvs but may include other units .
yes , other non-descendents can inherit . think of it this way : they are a descendent of the previous holder of the title ( the current ruler 's parent ) , so they are already in line for the title . one brother inheriting does not remove the other 's claim to the title , so the second brother is the first brother 's heir , at least until the first brother has children . then the second brother is still in line for the title , after the first brother 's children .
you can not add queens to the group while they are in production . to make things even worse you can not even set the rally point for them , since queens always spawn directly near the hatchery ( in free space ) ignoring the rally point . and since they emerge directly from it , there are no eggs to be grouped . there already are few threads on blizzard forum where people complain about this issue . here under " spawn larvae " section there are few tricks on how to use spawn larvae ( queen ability ) faster , in your case it might help you to select queens and group them a bit faster .
no hiding spaces ? no bullets ? no problem . use a flare . all the nearby monsters will panic and you can just walk right past . here 's a video demonstration .
generally speaking , winning in the event makes the missions harder , and losing in the event makes the missions easier . here 's a part of the announcement for an event in february , 2014: pve scaling is in effect for the sub-events . this means that as agents consistently complete missions and defeat opponents , enemies will raise in difficulty . the exact win/loss ratio for a bump up or down in the difficulty is unclear . on the mpq forums , some folks report that they can get the difficulty level down 1 set of levels by losing 5 times in a row . their strategy was to put in a team of low level 1-star heroes and have them either lose or retreat repeatedly . when playing the previous event , i tried this repeatedly and only saw one decrease in difficulty even after losing 20 times in a row . it was a relatively small decrease as well ( roughly level 90 to level 80 ) . it may have been that i had too many wins and would need a substantially higher count of losses to reverse it , though . this strategy is also relatively difficult to implement some events ( such as the ' heroic ' oscorp event ) compared to other events . in these situations , the hero roster is very locked down , and/or there do not appear to be any " boosted " heroes which would make the difficulty matter a bit less . i have seen also that occasionally time plays a factor - if i leave the game alone for a while or do not participate in the event , when i come back sometimes the difficulty has gotten significantly easier . i do not know if this is intentional or a bug , but it has occasionally gotten me over the hump on a tricky level . once i won a single victory , though , the difficulty jumped right back up , unfortunately .
i recommend a complete refresh of your installation , because steam should not crash if you lose connection : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=3134-tial-4638 completely exit the steam client . open the run dialogue by pressing windows key + r ( you can also navigate here from the start menu by typing run ) . type steam://flushconfig then press enter . ( if asked to allow this website to open a program , please click allow or ok ) . restart your computer . now , launch steam directly from the installation folder , not from a pre-existing shortcut ( ~c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam ) . the steam application will either appear as steam or steam . exe depending on whether your settings show file extensions . if this does not help , there is more wrong than just your wifi adapter . i have wireless too and if mine is disconnecting for whatever reason , steam just stops downloading . as a further workaround , you can use this batch script : put it on your desktop in a textfile and save it as " check_steam . cmd " and run it before you leave your computer . make sure you have fileendings on , so you really remove the . txt ending and save it as . cmd . the icon should change to a window with some cogs . it simply checks if steam is running and if not , it relaunches it . you can cancel the script at any time by pressing ctrl-c in the black window that it opens and answering the question with y . for further problems with your computer that do not involve any gaming related software , i recommend asking on superuser , which is a site of stack exchange .
the silver tickets can be used to make bets . somewhere around day 10 , your email client gains the bet button , which allows you to wager silver tokens to attempt to reach a certain combo with a randomly determined active menu . golden tickets become useful once you reach a 4-star rating . spoiler below : once you reach that rating , you will be contacted by the secret clan of the temple of delicious . this will unlock the hungry festivities as the third extra event . golden tickets are used to unlock challenges in the hungry festivities .
once you have the dlc installed , in your phone , on the " quests " menu , will be two new quests . if you select either of these quests , you will be given the first waypoint for the dlc mission you picked .
as of now ( open beta ) guild creation works like this : you need to be at least level 12 . a guild registrar npc in your main city ( thayd or illium ) , ask a guard for directions . the cost is 10 gold . no charter signing needed . there is a guild currency called influence , earned by playing together with other guild members . it is used for unlocking different guild perks .
i tried it tonight , and it did not seem to have any direct effect ( maybe it is random ? ) . however , the chinese were very happy that i did not blame them , and i got something like a +50 boost from them .
open the console , target the merchant by clicking on him and enter additem f x where x is 32000 - merchant 's current gold . trading will become buggy if merchant gold exceeds , i believe , 32767 , so add enough gold to get him to 32000 , sell your stuffs , add more gold if you have more stuff to sell . if his gold exceeds 32000 , you can use removeitem f x to get him under this number .
you might try some of these ( i would try gvaz 's fix before a full wipe ) , or this fix . hopefully you get it fixed ! you could also try renaming nvcpl.dll in the Borderlands\binaries folder , think i saw that on reddit a bit back . edit : in case threads go down , here are suggested fixes : close steam rename borderlands folder start steam and the download started by itself and finished shut down steam again , deleted the new folder after copying over to the old one , renamed old one started steam , and i could play the game . second fix : i deleted all my microsoft visuall version and installed the 4 that are mentioned in this thread : http://forums.gearboxsoftware.com/sh...d.php?t=114803 i switched borderlands language to english i have to get rid of the " write-protection " of my steam order everytime before i want to start the game . try this last ! after trying everything i mentioned a few times and other semi-fix attempts i decided to nuke and pave . with a fresh install of windows and 1.40 borderlands works . it seems for one reason or another the patch and/or something working together on my previous install may have corrupted/screwed up one of the two dlls that borderlands error is complaining about ( i replaced the first one , couldnt replace the second one as it was write protected ) .
conceding in hearthstone , as with any other game , causes you to immediately lose and end the game . it is for when you have no way of winning and allows you to move onto your next game without waiting for the inevitable . neither player is penalized for this , though players will earn less xp than they would by finishing the game as xp is ( either directly or indirectly ) based on the length of the game .
yes , the vendors change their inventory each day , as well as the prices on individual items . this is mostly from personal experience , but due to the time since i last played gen4 , backed up by the bulbapedia entry on the underground . the top of the article also has a handy map that shows where the different types of vendors hang out ; in the map of the underground at the top of the page , the yellow dots are the trap vendors , the red dots are the treasure vendors , and the blue dots are the goods vendors .
try the following settings in console : cl_cmdrate 60 cl_updaterate 60 rate 25000 net_graph 3 then look at the graph that pops up . what is your fps around , and are you getting any choke or loss issues ?
open Control Panel , and there the Programs and Features find AMD Catalyst Install Manager . click on " change " . choose Uninstall Manager from the list . uncheck AMD Catalyst Control Center , and finish the uninstall process . you probably will not have to restart the computer , but do it , if required . here you can find a how-to describing a complete uninstall , which you might as well choose .
how to find fortress in nether world ? they are there , and will spawn in every world ( assuming you are not using a really old version of minecraft ) , though , they can sometimes be difficult to find . there are a few " quirks " in the generation code that you can take advantage of in order to make finding the nether fortresses easier . tips taken from the minecraft wiki on nether fortresses : nether fortresses tend to spawn in " strips " aligning along the z axis ( north/south ) in the nether . ( tested over 200 seeds so far , the trend is strong in all tested seeds - confirmed with amidst . ) if you do not see a nether fortress within 100 blocks or so north/south of your starting position , it is best to search diagonally or east/west . if you continue searching north/south , you may be between strips and never find one . on the flip side , if you have found a nether fortress , it is best to search north/south from there to find more . when trying to spot nether fortresses , a potion of nightvision can help considerably . if you are not opposed to using external tools or mods , there are several tools which predict where structures will be generated , and create a map for you . the only one i know of off the top of my head ( although there are several out there ) is amidst which creates a map of your specific seed , and should work in the nether as well . this will help you find the structures without having to create those chunks by exploring the area first . is nether world almost limitless like overworld or limited size ? the nether is exactly as limitless as the overworld ! ( which means , there is technically a limit several million blocks out at which point it starts overwriting old chunks , but there is no chance you can reach that limit " accidentally " , you need to travel in a straight line for several real-life days without stopping . ) is there only 1 fortress in nether world or many ? there are many ! while there is a hard limit of three strongholds per world , there is no limit to the number of nether fortresses ; you can keep on traveling farther and farther , and new fortresses will keep springing up along the way .
the secret characters are : frank cuccinello ( i think . . . ) please hire frank so he gets off the couch and his wife does not go nuts . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 90 coins starting stats : 2 / 3 / 2 / 3 special ability : +15% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event a beery good wedding , giving many units of any beer of a medium-low quality . i had to give 362 units of any 1273 quality or better beer . eljay an actual lumberjack who is had trouble finding work , he is taken a liking to your beer and he is ready to put his work ethic toward helping you make it . hiring fee : 200 coins starting salary : 80 coins starting stats : 2 / 4 / 4 / 4 special ability : +10% yield to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event lumber jacked , giving a single unit of any quality of either red keep ira or red kastle ira . prof . zymurgis after successfully defending his doctoral thesis , " modern saccharomyces : environments , effects , and deliciousness " , this prof . took a biology professorship at state . he recently decided brewing with you might be more fun . hiring fee : 3000 coins starting salary : 225 coins starting stats : 7 / 1 / 4 / 1 special ability : 50% chance for +100% xp . how to acquire : complete the event knowledge for thirst , giving many units of any brown ale of a high quality . i had to give 497 units of any 2102 quality or better brown ale . end game spoilers gary blau the insufferably arrogant blau seems to be more tolerable now that you have saved him from death . and as much as you hate to admit it , he is a fantastic brewer . . . hiring fee : free starting salary : none ( volunteer ) starting stats : 6 / 10 / 4 / 10 special ability : +50% quality to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event blau for blau , giving your unit of fiz to gary . there is one other secret character , but this is a super-end-game ( as in end-game of ng+ ) spoiler . he will not appear as locked in the hiring menu . super end game spoilers cyrus uprum the brewing legend was so impressed with your beer in the last career that he decided he had rather work for you than retire . replaces your character . starts at level max . cannot be fired . hiring fee : n/a starting salary : none starting stats : 10 / 10 / 10 / 10 special ability : +25% quality and no quality cap to all batches brewed . how to acquire : complete the event all grown uprum with an extremely high quality beer . he says the quality should be near the boiling point of his namesake , cyrus uprum . we can deduce that he means the boiling point of cu ( copper ) , which is around 4660 f . this will trigger a cutscene , and the next ng+ you start will replace your character with cyrus .
mountain halls are simply dwarven-built settlements . having one close to your fortress will not impact you in any meaningful way , perhaps with the exception of larger migrant waves due to close proximity if both settlements belong to the same civilisation . i do not believe it is possible to start out at war with another dwarven civilisation due to wars being sparked by conflicting ethics , which are defined per race , not per civilisation , so you should be quite safe from the short menace . occasionally a mountain hall may be conquered by another civilisation , and if they are hostile to you you may suffer ( or enjoy , depending on your ability or level of masochism ) increased attacks , but it is relatively uncommon .
so i have tried a few things and got the sound working at an acceptable level . in short , amplification is required . . . i found an interesting question , and very detailed answer over on super user the answer talks about a java app called audio compressor and limiter . with the help of the guide in the aforementioned answer , i managed to get audio at a usable volume ( though with a noticeable hiss ) by connecting the rca out from the xbox directly to the line in on my sound card ( via an rca to 3.5mm jack adapter ) . the sound level from software amplification alone is only just usable , so i decided to take a chance on an rca pre-amp . i found this one on amazon , designed for use as a pre-amp for turntables , and it was well worth the risk . one end is connected to the rca output on the xbox and the other connects directly to my pc speakers . this setup requires volume control on speakers and the volume is not going to split any ears , but it is fine for me . also , the combination of pre-amp and audio compressor and limiter should stretch my speakers to their limits . i hope this helps someone
this does not really answer your problem , but i have had fsx running for a while now on windows 8 with everything working well , it has occasionally hiven me a fatal error , but only when i have pushed the settings too high ; ) make sure you have both sps installed they can be found here : sp1 and sp2 . there is also more info on them there and their bug fixes . also , try deleting the fsx registry key ( look this up first so you do not mess up your system ) . there is a key somewhere ( can not remember where , sorry ) that you can delete and it should fix the problem .
does it make sense to sneak ? not until you have thrown 35 points into the finesse tree and unlock smoke bomb . you are right about the early levels - you have no way to regain hidden status once you have lost it , so your best bet is to sneak in ( you can dodge/roll while sneaking to give you a little bit extra speed ) , stab one or two enemies if you can , then fight the rest of them in normal combat . even with heavy investment into the stealth skill , it is still likely you will have trouble sneaking up on every mob . but smoke bomb gives the potential for so much more . every time you use it , you re-enter the " hidden " state . this means you can backstab enemies mid combat . suddenly , all those points investing in +backstab damage are relevant outside the first second ! bottom line ? stealth is underwhelming at low levels . it does not make sense to focus on it until you have the levels to support it .
haste , as it existed in final fantasy xiii , does not exist in final fantasy xiii-2 . instead , the mog clock is the primary source of haste : if you get a " great ! " rating , you will get a preemptive strike and start the battle with haste . there is also a commando auto-ability for monsters , haste feeder , that casts haste on the monster automatically . a number of weapons and accessories that increase the atb rate : faerie 's bow , rune feather , angel 's bow , eurytos 's bow , and indrajit for serah rune tooth , sargantanas , nomad 's machete , orochi , and romulus and remus for noel kaiser knuckles line of accessories the hermes sandals line of accessories also casts haste when critical .
if you choose to kill her you gain a powerful staff and return as a hero and become king , if you wish to rule with her then you both go back and rule together ( you gain a destiny card for both of them but they are the same ) if you rule alone everyone will be happy and call you your grace of you rule together they will call you chancellor
sadly no , but you will surely not miss any important objects becasue they sparkle and are nearly impossible to miss . i think i have missed countless journal bags that have the lore information , but there is no way to highlight these things other than putting your cursor over them .
buttons would certainly solve that problem , but you could also use an xor gate between two switches which is how two-way switches work in the real world . xor truth table  A | B | C -----+-----+-------- 0 | 0 | 0 0 | 1 | 1 1 | 0 | 1 1 | 1 | 0  as you can see , if either a or b changes ( either of your switches ) , c ( the output--your door ) will as well . there are a bunch of these on the youtubes , but here is one that operates a set of double-doors :
according to this thread at xbox360achievements . org , kills in the opening sequence do count towards the achievement . since my original link died , the ign strategize on deus ex : human revolution also states that kills during the opening ( pre-augmentation ) sequence do count against the pacifist achievement .
there is no direct way to play a single player game to practice a build order . you may , however , want to look at the arquade games such as build order tester , etc . in this way you can practice your initial build order without an ai opponent and should get some lag from the game not being completely local . while you may not experience all the same lag , it is the best result you will get . otherwise , just practice on the ladder . the best way you will learn is not in a controlled environment .
you are immediately supposed to know you are not playing as solid snake . the game takes place in 1964 ; metal gear takes place in 1995 and stars solid snake , who looks the same age as ( or younger than ) snake in mgs3 . if you have played mgs1 / mgs2 , you know solid snake is a clone of big boss . well , here 's a game where you play a character who looks exactly like solid snake , 30 years earlier , and has the codename " snake " . who could that be ? as someone paying attention to gaming news when mgs3 was being previewed , kojima was coy during interviews , but " everyone " knew that this game starred big boss before it came out .
you can find the solution on the back of the claw : open your inventory , inspect it , and rotate it around . as you noted , the solution is : outer : bear middle : whale inner : snake there are a few puzzles that consist of looking at the quest item at different angles : bethesda seems to have been very proud of this feature , and these quests appear to just be a means to highlight it .
a slight work around , that would probably be better as it will turn of mobs but keep health regen off , would be to run the game on a server . you would not need a spare computer as you can run it off the same pc as the game . all you need to do is change : spawn-monsters=true to : spawn-monsters=false in the server 's server . properties file . if you are worried about them purposely changing it back you can lock the file to admin access , although if you do this they will not be able to change map .
you can only rob workers if they are available to be ' harvested ' . just think in terms of your own workers . most of the time , they have a timer on them indicating when they will be available to collect money from . if your opponent 's workers are in this state , then they cannot be robbed . when timer counts down to zero , this is when you can collect money from them , this is also when they are vulnerable to robbery . same applies to your opponent 's workers . therefore , if your opponent is extremely active , it leaves a very small window of opportunity for you to rob their workers , as it is more likely they will have collected the money from their workers before you have the opportunity to rob . is this clear to you ? it is really a matter of luck actually . there are two ways to do this . 1 ) randomly pick an opponent and check to see if any of their workers is ready to rob . keep repeating the process . or 2 ) you can camp by marking a specific opponent ( preferably one with many workers ) , and keep going back to him/her every now and then to check for valid targets . to mark an opponent , click on the rivals icon a the bottom of your game window , which will give you a list of opponents you have had contact with , click on your target and choose mark .
if lucian does the combo aa + dash + reset aa + double aa , does he use all stacks of tidecaller 's blessing ? yes . if the combo works , is it preferable to maximize ebb and flow or tidecaller 's blessing ? the problem with lucian especially in the recent patches is his low range . he is constantly in danger 's way and therefore , very susceptible to poke bot lanes ( e . g . caitlyn lulu ) . the burst potential for tidecaller 's blessing + lucian 's kit is immense , but you have to consider : can lucian pull it off ? you are putting all the damage and work for the adc , that 1 cc would break off all your damage . ( lulu 's w , annie 's stun , etc . ) are you at a position to be aggressive ? are you generally at an advantage ? is the enemy bot lane a sustain comp ? ( soraka 's heal can nullify your whole combo ) there are some cases when you had still want nami to take ebb and flow for its powerful sustain . tl ; dr , tidecaller 's is a pretty good skill to max if you are going to be aggressive ( kill lane ) . ebb and flow is more for sustain lanes .
gearscore still exists ( in fact , it still uses the same curse page ) . it is new , improved , and a larger memory hog . it is now called playerscore . from experience on my server though , it is not used very much anymore . this is not an in-game tool , but i use wow-heroes to check gear , gems , and enchantments for pug members in my gold dkp runs .
the adventure pouch can hold a maximum of eight items . you start out with four slots and acquire four more during gameplay and that is it . you can not get more . you will have to choose what you want or need the most to carry around with you at a particular time and juggle with your belongings at the item check . where to get the four extra slots : three of them can be bought at beedle 's air shop for 300 , 600 and 1200 rupees respectively . the other one is found in a goddess chest on the side of the lumpy pumpkin after activating the first goddess cube that gorko the goron points out .
using health potions is done by r key , worked for me no matter the combat status . plus the health potion capacity and health points are increases by overall kills ( you+partner ) . restoration potions ( potions around players waist ) can only be used to revive other player , done by space . after you have revived or been revived enough times the capacity of the bottle increases to maximum of 3 ( 11 revives needed ) .
sniping can be difficult at lower levels , especially if you have not progressed far enough to have come across decent rifles . additionally , if you have not chosen a class with the sniper rifle talent ( soldier or infiltrator ) , i would probably just choose a different offensive strategy . keep in mind that even if you can not snipe , garrus can if you equip him appropriately , and he gets an additional accuracy and sniper rifle damage bonuses from points invested in turian agent . of course , relying on your squad members exclusively will almost always get you into trouble , so assuming you can properly wield a sniper rifle , there are a few things you should consider . first , rifle choice is key . like with virtually all weapon classes your best choice is spectre gear , but there are alternatives when that is not available . if you find yourself picking up level iv weapons , i recommend trying to find a striker ( devlon industries ) . if you find yourself picking up level vii weapons , look for a punisher ( armax arsenal ) . if you are at an earlier stage , look for an equalizer ( haliat armory ) . once you have a decent rifle , investing points into the sniper rifle talent goes a long way . after you get to a certain level , with the right rifle there will be virtually no sway when aiming down the scope . for earlier on though , tactical use of assassination can be helpful &ndash ; just keep in mind that it has a 45 second cooldown . after weapon choice and talent assignment , you should consider adding both ammo and weapon upgrades to your sniper rifle . most of the sniper rifles at minimum do nearly enough damage to kill , so be sure to pick ammo upgrades that will maximize damage against the types of targets you are going up against . for instance , anti-personnel/shredder ( for organics ) and armor-piercing/tungsten ( for synthetics ) are typically reasonable options , although once accuracy has improved enough i prefer sledgehammer rounds . you can also give chemical/polonium rounds a shot , with the hope that the target will die from toxic damage before they are close enough to return fire . when it comes to weapon upgrades , i find the heat absorption and stability modifications work well for me . these come in the form of heat sink/frictionless materials and recoil damper/kinetic stabilizer/kinetic coil , respectively . depending on your needs and number of upgrade slots , combat optics are not a bad choice either when they become available , since you get the detection level bonus and an increase in accuracy . beyond that , there are a few more minor things to consider : kneeling improves stability the scope will settle if you wait long enough damage taken is always the same no matter where you hit on a target
the team fortress 2 beta game is where the devs test changes to the game prior to rolling them out officially . it is not intended to replace the " real " game for normal play ; the rules for acquiring items are very different , for example , to facilitate testing . more detailed information is available from the official wiki .
how are you running the server ? i have run a server on a computer and port-forwarded the ports and had very bad lag issues with friends directly connecting . however , when i run it and my friends connect through hamachi , it seems to alleviate most of the lag . if you are not running through hamachi , you should give it a try . this seems counter-intuitive to me since you would think hamachi would add overhead , not take it away but what can i say , that is what i have noticed .
it is possible . if you use srcds to set up a dedicated server and note the lan ip of the computer hosting it , you can enable the developer console in-game ( under keyboard settings then advanced ) press the ~ key ( on foreign keyboards , it is usually whichever key is next to the 1 key ) to open it and enter the command connect &lt;LAN IP of server&gt; into it . you will then be dropped into the game . make sure to edit the key of the server so that random people do not start joining . consider setting it to lan-only . if you are using a non-qwerty keyboard , sometimes binding the developer console may not work . if so , you can edit the launch options and add --console . then , whenever you launch the game , you will have console open .
according to the level select/stats screen , there are 24 collectables total . you can also view the number of collectables in each chapter from the level-select screen , including how many you have ( or do not have ) . if you are missing a collectable for a level , it will be grayed out the specific levels they are in : blue wing ( 8 total ) : robot things air raising scheme stairway to fluffy is this the real life , is this just fan-tasy ? springing to new heights mind the gap end of the beginning blueprints : a fluffy journey of discovery around the world yellow wing ( 8 total ) : robot things ticket to ride it is slow throwing from here on out is it safe to ride ? the odds are stacked against you a boost of confidence catch and release the path to higher learning blueprints what goes around . . . red wing ( 6 total ) : robot things the safe-est way to travel going up ? a course of matter flipping out choose wisely blueprints nothin ' but vat there is also a robot-thing in the uber ids level and one in the research and development lab ( which requires anti-gravity and slow-time to get to ) .
this is a known bug if you have rebound your melee key to a different key . in this case , try to press " m " instead , since you have bound it to that key .
i know the full strategy now ; you only get calls when you are on foot , so avoid entering any vehicles till you get a call you also can not have any notoriety at that time you will not get called while on a mission or activity entering diversions ( like vehicle surfing or hostage ) cancel the challenge the location you are in does not seem to matter as i have gotten calls that sent me from one side of the map to the other .
in terms of the " reward " , there is none . you get some cash and respect , but otherwise completionism is the only incentive . as for a map , people are saying theres one in the game 's official strategy guide , but i have neither found that image online or have the guide myself , so take that with a grain of salt .
yes , you do as those monsters are actually dying from cleave . to add to your question cleave exploding bodies count as as cleave itself . so this can trigger a domino affect as you kill 1 monster it explodes causing the one next to it to die , which explodes as well and so on , you would get life on death for each one of those kills .
the effect did not have any cool down that i could notice and is definitely not one time only . it saved my hide multiple times in adjacent rooms ( i was careless ) .
en_recovery.txt is the text for a custom firmware 's recovery menu ; usersystemlib620.prx seems to be related to using cfw to play kingdom hearts : birth by sleep . they may be safe to delete if you do not run cfw , but as always , keep a backup of your files handy just in case .
in my opinion the best combat strategy is to not combat - just run . one thing i am used to do is make sure the enemy is alone and run for a while searching for some cheap weapon to throw from far , like a stone . then i get near and wait for it defending and attack it depending of the kind of enemy . with me , the screamers always attack three times or less . but if i do not need to fight , i just run from them .
checking both cheatcc and cheat code guides there doesnt seem to be an invincibility code , links below . http://www.cheatcc.com/xbox360/starwarstheforceunleashed2cheatscodes.html http://www.cheatscodesguides.com/xbox-360-cheats/star-wars-the-force-unleashed-2/
you can sneak up and choke them . it is the rb on xbox ( holding x after choking will automatically pick up the body for you to hide it ) . it is non-lethal and will not increase the death count . however , if the unconscious body falls down stairs , off a high platform/balcony/etc . , into water , they can die and that will increase kill count . other enemies can also found the unconscious body and be alerted to your presence , so make sure to hide them after knocking em out . other than that , nothing to worry about .
game faqs cheats lists only cyber sub-zero and quan chi as unlockable characters . furthermore one of their most complete faqs for move lists does not show goro as a playable character .
he will have the same moves every time . you can still have a victini with searing shot , however , by giving a heart scale to the move relearner .
the way you have described the problem , the best bet is that it is continually switching between standing and prone . my first guess was that you actually have two cats on the same tile , one beneath the other , but then you had get the spinning green line as it switched from one to the other . so that is not it . as for why it is continually falling over , i am not sure we have enough information . cats do not eat or drink , so it is not collapsing in hunger or thirst . extreme pain or missing limbs would appear in the v iew unit -> w ounds menu . they probably will not appear in the v iew unit -> z tatus screen , because animals do not produce diagnosis tasks when they are wounded .
progress wars stores several cookies in your browser which it attempts to retrieve at each session to figure out your progress in the game so far . among these cookies are the cookies that allow the game to retrieve your level and progress each time you open the game site . if you cleared your browser 's data recently , you will have gotten rid of the cookies . also , your browser might be configured to delete cookies automatically when your session ends ; check your preferences . edit : recovering your progress : if your browser supports editing of cookies or if there exists an add-on which allows you to edit your browser 's cookies , you can " recover " your progress , although it can be considered cheating . on firefox : install this add-on or something similar tools > cookie editor find the cookie listed for progresswars . com called level . change the value to one below the level you were at when your progress was lost . refresh and click the progress button . you will be progressed to the next level and it'll be as though you reached the level through amazing dedication to progression . on chrome : tools > preferences > under the hood > content settings > cookies > show cookies and other site data same process as with firefox from here on in .
rubbing is racing . be on the inside of the turn and use your opponent to help you make the turn . yes , this usually leaves your opponent eating wall ; just like they do to you when you are on the outside . only pass on the outside when you have got a speed advantage . you can get that speed advantage by tuning your car more than the opponents do . all my experience with the series leads me to only those two options ; either be more aggressive or be faster . or both . both is good . but being aggressive is easy and being faster takes a lot of skill and practice . make your choice !
perhaps your omnipotent pork sword has extra enchantments on it ? the dredmor wiki says that this sword comes with +2 slashing , +2 piercing , and +10 hp . the other stats are not listed there . the " quality " stars are set by the type of weapon , and do not change if it is been enchanted , so that might explain why it is quite a bit better than a katana . on top of the fact that additional enchantments are not a factor in quality stars , after looking at the sword-class weapon list , it does not look like you can really compare artifacts to " standard " weapons by their quality stars alone . in general , it seems like the quality star system is kind of bogus . you will need to just take a look at the stats on your items to decide which is better .
in ufo defence - unlike in eu2012 - corpses are never needed for secondary r and d once they have been autopsied . you can freely sell all but one corpse ( or , if you have already autopsied one , all of them ) . indeed , this is a major source of income earlier on , although selling unwanted ufo components and weapons generally outstrips it by the end of the first year . live aliens are a different story , since you can only interrogate each one once , but interrogating multiple live aliens of the same species and rank can give you new research each time - for example , interrogating a medic will get you information about other alien species , and an engineer will get you ufo data .
in several threads ( 1 , 2 , 3 ) on b .nettech support forums , people say that those achievements have to be done in a single mission . blizzard has acknowledged this as a bug too . affected achievements include everything from swarm campaign / kerrigan category that requires to use x skill y times . smoking corpses - kill 50 units/structures with kinetic blast leaping death - deal 15000 damage with leaping strike get a grip - hit 150 enemies with crushing grip unchained - deal 5000 damage with chain reaction shifted priorities - deal 5000 damage with psionic shift so many banelings ! - kill 100 units with spawn banelings worker rush - morph 36 pairs of twin drones the following achievements i personally did not have problems with , and they may be cumulative over missions . if anyone can confirm , please do . endless swarm - reconstitute 500 zerglings where the wild things are - hit 100 units with wild mutation surprise ! - kill 100 units with infest broodlings active the rest of kerrigan achievements directly state the requirement " in a single mission " .
there are at least three ways . unfortunately , none will work on your scenario . fling , when used with a corresponding status healing berry , should recover the status condition . however , it counts as a 10 power attack prior to causing the effect , so you would not even be able to throw a sitrus berry for healing before you would kill something at 1 hp . trick and all of its derivatives can be used to swap a status healing berry onto the target . none of the legendary beasts have held items to my knowledge , though , so this will not work . finally , the moves wake-up slap and smelling salts will cure sleep and paralysis respectively . but not only do they do damage , they do double damage to such an afflicted pokémon . so like fling , not viable .
smartbuff has been around for at least 3 years . always worked for me when i used to raid ( as a priest but works for other classes ) .
yes : go into your profile menu , and hit manage profiles . there should be a " register " menu option .
no , you can not combine the poison with stuff at the moment , but it might be a planned feature . but you can create a splash potion out of your poison potion . because you can throw a splash potion it can be used against other entities . just beware , skeletons and zombies do not take damage from them . to kill these you need a splash health potion . source
it does not improve speed , as far as i have tested . it increases the amount of minerals you can get from one field .
if you do not open the sailcloth after the wing ceremony , link goes splat and you get to try again . repeat until successful . falling from a significant height without the sailcloth anywhere else in the game will damage you , but in this particular instance you will not get hurt . also note that the game will open the sailcloth for you when you are dropping to the surface from the sky .
obviously the first thing you want to do is memorize the song . you will want to know when to expect the fast parts and whatnot to keep it as smooth as possible . to strum the harp , you are turning the wiimote left and right more than you are waving your arm left and right . so if it is pointed to the left , it will be playing at the lower strings . pointed to the right it would be playing the higher strings . when you are strumming the harp with kina , you want to be going at a speed where you play every note decently spaced out for each time they wave . if you were to look at their waves and your strums position over time , it should look like this : when the fast parts come up , it is a lot more lenient . you do not necessarily have to be evenly spaced out like the normal parts , you just want to finish before the next wave comes . the freestyle part , i think anything goes . i always played through them just random stuff . if you still need more pointers , i recorded myself playing through it .
if you are asking about the plain old mushroom spores , the spores you get from any plain mushroom , then i am convinced that they serve no other purpose in the game and only have a one time use . healing orielle 's loftwing i have done a fair amount of testing and could not find a single use for them . everything i have tried it on does absolutely nothing : hearts ( on flowers or on their own ) rupees ( green , blue , and red ) ammo ( seeds , bombs ) catchables ( grasshoppers , hornets , rhino beetles , non-blue birds ) enemies ( chuchus , bokoblins , octorocks , guays , babas , keese ) friendly characters ( kikwis , the old lady in the temple , townspeople ) diggable holes breakables ( pots , bushes , big fruits ) other mushrooms ( non-sparkling and sparkling ) bird statues other interactive items ( sticky plant bombs , stamina fruit , chairs , ropes , trees , etc . ) if on the other hand you are asking about the glittering spores , the spores you get from the glittering mushrooms , they have very limited uses afaik . there is only a couple of uses that i know of . you can use it on hearts or rupees to change them . hearts turn into fairies . rupees turn into different valued rupees , even a rupoor . on some of the smaller enemies , it knocks them dizzy . i was only able to do this on bokoblins , octorocks and babas ( the plants ) but did not have enough to test on others .
a person represents one person , and a good represents one good , type determined by the cargo of the ship they came from . --sconibulus treasure chests can be picked up from sunken ships . each chest is worth 50 gold and each crew member is worth 1 crewman . source
although this is somewhat subjective , i will make a list of things that i like more on sc2 than on sc1 . ( warning , spoilers might be found here ! ) : atmosphere - i feel a lot more drawn into the game , all those references to the original story are also very cool + the large amount of ingame cutscenes and even mini-movies are awesome ( the one with zeratul and kerrigan is my fav so far ) micromanagement of units - far better . great management of groups , no limit of units per group ( as far as i know ) . the ability to schedule commands is the best improvement in the game regarding control of units . a base can be build in a few clicks and you can focus on the fight nearby without interrupting to get back to the base and build the next building . upgrades - clever design of upgrades , often you have to choose which one you want because you cant have all . in most games , when you are rich you simply buy everything and thats it . not possible here ( talking about the campaign ) . better feel of the races - even more different units and structures than in sc1 saving - automatic saves at key points of the mission are handy . not sure if this was in sc1 too but i think it was not . single player - playing against a computer is now much better customized so choosing easy gives you really and easy game . this was not the case in sc1 where even the easiest oponent was tough for newbies . this was sometimes really frustrating . i think thats it , there are more things which i think are better , but they are really too subjective .
not yet , but blizzard will be adding a diablo3 web api ' soon ' http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804
i have always set this option with my video card settings . . . i know for sure nvidia does this . not 100% sure ati does , but i find it hard to believe they do not . may need to update your video card drivers , but it is well worth it to me .
as far as i know , no mod changes with the auto worker pattern . this is mostly because you need to specialize cities , which means that one size does not fit all . you also have to co-ordinate with the terrain you settle on . workers , and city planning are some of the hardest parts of the game . take a look at these guides at civfanatics . your basic plan for early game is to have 2 or 3 production cities , with lots of food and hammers , as well as 3-5 commerce cities , with cottages . you do not want cottages in your production cities radius , but you can have a mine in your commerce city , so that you can build things like libraries , banks , or other money or science boosting building .
no ; batman gets all his additional gear flown in .
not heavy explosives , no . the floor of ufos ( including the outside roof , which counts as a floor , as far as the game is concerned ) are definitely destructible , but are quite durable . the internal floors / walls are slightly less durable . as you have seen yourself , shooting down a ufo causes one ( or more ) of their engines to explode , which has a chance to destroy the roof . unfortunately , terrain destruction requires a certain threshold of damage to trigger , and the only item in x-com 's arsenal strong enough to breach the hull of a ufo is the blaster launcher . it is worth noting that explosives always do a fixed amount of damage to terrain , so if one he explosive did not blow it up ( and/or change the tile to an alternate , " damaged " tile ) , the second one will not either . terrain can not take partial damage , so you can not detonate several he is over a couple of turns to get around this , either . finally , explosives in cannot stack . it is not viable , for instance , to throw 3 he onto the same tile to increase the damage dealt ; the terrain will only take damage from the first . this page in the ufopaedia has more .
the code for your preset is as follows : 2; 7, 63x42; 2 2; to dictate the current preset parser . 7, for a layer of bedrock 63x42; for 63 layers of iron blocks 2 for a desert biome for no rain . other biome ids can be found here source
" almost forever " , where creeping death is concerned , is 5 minutes . this does work . the result is an dot which deals double the damage per tick and lasts 150 seconds .
the new enemies are tim and the dead miner . the new item is the wizard hat , which is dropped by tim .
there is no trick , it is just a normal battle . remember that you can select the other members of your party to give them orders , including telling them to drink potions . i had my tank hold the ogre , while my other two characters quickly dispatched the adds . then i could focus everyone on the ogre . i did end up drinking all 5 of the potions i was holding , but everyone came out alive . keep in mind that on normal level ( which the demo is locked to ) there is no friendly fire , so if you have a mage with fireball , you can toss it right into the middle of the fight and it will not hurt your characters .
platinum is gotten from the mine . sounds like you have gotten unlucky in that , though . what i do , if there is an item i really need from the mine , is i save the game before i do my mining , and reset if i do not get it . the items you get are random , so you can abuse this to ensure you get at least one item you want .
if you go into the games upgrade section . towards the bottom of the list you will find score multiplier . you have to spend coins to upgrade it . but i believe that is the solution . . . . just checked , it is under ability 's and should be the last one on the bottom . ( also , if it is not there make sure you have updated the app . )
yes , the weapon would still crit . market gardener considers you to be rocket jumping if you are airborne because of any explosion- including explosions from enemy explosive attacks . it still will not count other attacks which could knock you into the air , such as a pyro 's airblast . the weapon demonstration for the market gardener shows a soldier launched into the air by an enemy demoman 's stickies causing a crit .
the following dlc are integrated into the main game , and you can access them any time after you gain access to the region map : warden 's keep the stone prisoner return to ostagar the following are more-or-less item packs , and you should have access to them by the time you gain access to your party 's camp : any promotional/pre-order bonuses feastday gifts and pranks the following are separate stories requiring you to select them as you start a new game : the darkspawn chronicles leliana 's song the golems of amgarrak 1 witch hunt 1 awakening 1 note 1 : can import your character from dragon age : origins , but your companions do not follow you and you can not access the main storyline or the other dlc ( except for the non-feastday items that you might've imported with your character ) .
if you have high enough barter , the easiest thing to do is to simply sell the ncr money as one lump sum to a merchant with enough caps . the exchange rate for caps at high barter is exactly the same as the exchange rate you get for chips ( 1:2.5 ratio ) . this mod for the pc seems to allow you to exchange all your cash at once at the casinos .
in addition to the number of mushrooms you get in time trials , the higher the kart 's item rating the better your chances to get ' useful ' items - better chances at tripple bananas/shells and bob-oms vs fake item boxes and single bananas/shells when in first place , and better chances at things like stars and lightning bolts vs bloopers and mushrooms the further behind you are . how much better the odds are exactly , i can not say . i also seem to recall that a better item stat would slightly reduce the duration of the effects of items used against you ( less time spinning out/bouncing ) , as well as slightly increasing the positive effects of items you use ( mushrooms give a slightly bigger boost , stars/bullet bills last a bit longer ) . however , i have not found many reliable sources to support this , so it may be observational bias on my part .
official information on this is pretty hard to come by , but there are 2 seperate pieces of information that point towards nephalem rifts being completely random and having content independent of their name . the first one is from the blizzcon 2013 ros panel : so what we have done is we have taken all of the tilesets , all of the dungeons in the game , and we organize them in new and interesting ways . so we have taken the cathedral , all the exteriors and all the monsters and shuffled them up . so every time you do one of these , it’s random . [ . . . ] so every time you transition from one level to another , it can be a different dungeon and it will have a different combination of monsters and we mix up the type of dungeons you are going through . for example we’ll start with the cathedral , we can go into a root cave after that , go to crypt , or you can go to just one level which is just a big exterior zone . or you can go from exterior into a zoltun kulle dungeon or something like that . so there are all kinds of different ways we put this together and every time you do them it is different . in the beta forum there has also been a post by tsamis that heavily points towards the fact that rift names have no meaning at all : going forward , please try to include a link to a screenshot showing the environment of the rift you were in when you encountered the bug . if you are unable to provide a screenshot , please do your best to describe what the environment looks like ( i.e. . " the area looks similar to the keep depths" ) . the names of the rifts are randomized so including the name listed in the upper right corner of the screen does not really help us when we are trying to reproduce these issues internally .
yes and no . you can not get off a taxi while it is traveling between flight nodes . this is very much by design as the taxi can not be used as a substitute for a flying mount . however , if your destination travels through another flight path node ( as indicated on the taxi map as a " flying boot " that intersects the line between you and your destination ) than you can choose to instead land at that node ( that is , get off at the " next stop" ) . to do this , simply log out of the game while in transit . when you log back in , you will still be on your taxi but it will land at the next flight node instead of your destination . note : using this method , you will only be billed for the flight nodes that you reached - saving you some gold .
wood is one of the few solid blocks in the game that cannot be destroyed with a pickaxe ( or drill , later in the game ) . you have to use an axe or a chainsaw ( or a combination tool that incorporates either ) , just like you would for chopping down a tree . you should have spawned with a copper axe .
yes , the mighty eagle kills all the pigs in the level , even if you throw it backwards off the screen . however , the eagle will not destroy all the blocks on the screen , as you said . the mighty eagle is kind of like a mini game within angry birds that passes the level for you that you can only use every hour . source : i just tried it out on my itouch .
long links and fields will remain even after the link amp mod is destroyed . however , as of august 28th , it is not possible to remove portal mods , unless the mod is destroyed by an attack ! hence - the link amp mods can not be removed and changed to a different ( i.e. portal shield ) mod until attacked by the enemy . ( source : https://plus.google.com/u/0/+ingress/posts/lvtdixnbvnv )
enemy levels determine the target time for a battle , and consequently , these post-battle stats : points per second score stars tp recovery item and shroud drop chance based on the game mechanics guide on gamefaqs : target time given : target time t hp at start of battle h enemy level l highest party member attack power ap atb level a thus :  T = (H * L / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  if enemy level l is less than or equal to 50 , otherwise :  T = (H * 50 / 16) / [(Ap * A) / (3.5 + A)] + 8  points per second given : points per second p target time t thus :  P = 10,000 / T  score given : score s points per second p target time t battle duration d thus :  S = (T - D) * P + 10,000  stars , tp recovery , rare drop chance , shroud drop chance
yes , this is where the simcity 4 save games are kept . to be on the safe side , i would copy the whole simcity4 directory from your documents folder . i believe they are organized by region , and then within the region the individual saved cities are located . this about . com article mentions backing up this folder in order to back up your simcity 4 saves , and i remember copying this folder before when i played simcity 4 .
you need 1 ship , light or heavy , per colonial province that you own . the location of the ships is irrelevant , you can have all your ships in a big fleet in port and you will still get no penalty . colonial nations like spanish brazil handle their own fleet and are not part of the colonies you need to produce fleets for . you can check how many ships you have and need on the economy screen , under tariffs .
the xbox 360 version has kinect support , which is exclusive to this version . the pc version requires origin , which is a bit stricter/more intrusive drm than either of the other two platforms . however , this also means it is digitally distributed as opposed to needing to purchase a physical disc . the playstation 3 never had the original mass effect , ( at that time , the game was an xbox 360 platform exclusive property on consoles ) so you may be at a slight disadvantage if you would have made different choices in the original game that effect the starting point for this game . for instance , your choices in me1 near the end of the game change certain war assets in this game . aside from these differences , i am not aware of any platform-specific dlc exclusives for any of the three versions . there were a few pre-order bonuses which could be considered platform exclusives , for instance preordering the pc version via origin would have secured you a at-12 raider , which is a unique shotgun .
the step-by-step guide to turning pig-tails into useable cloth is as follows : grow pig-tails , or order your herbalists to scrounge the caverns for ' naturally grown ' pig-tails . at a farmer 's workshop ( b - w - w ) , order a dwarf to p rocess plants , turning the raw plant into usable plant threads . this task requires the " thresher " labor at a loom ( b - w - o ) , order a dwarf to w eave cloth ( plant thread ) . this task requires the " weaving " labor . at a clothier 's workshop ( b - w - k ) , finally you can order a dwarf ( with the clothesmaking labor ) to make cloth bags . ( select cloth , rather than silk or yarn , and then select bag , which is either ' n ' or ' b' ) .
they define the division of the world . there are some test images floating around that i have included for convenience . the random world generator creates chunks of land and determines where to place them relative to previously placed land and these settings tell it how to decide to go about that . branch per the wiki : determine the degree to which the land will branch off . available options are least , default and most . causes the world 's land mass to branch out like a tree . branch essentially breaks the world into smaller masses and connect them by bridges or more specifically , it tends to place land pieces to the sides and connect several of them into chains while avoiding touching previous branches . higher settings give you more branches . branch only : default most loop per the wiki : determine the degree to which the roads will tend to lead you in circles , in addition to determine the degree to which the land will curve . available options are none , default and always . causes the world to have holes in the center of land mass , forming loops . it essentially tries to make sure land masses connect in a way to form one or more loops by placing land on the same diagonals , trying to loop back to connect with previous land which it may or may not do . having only loops creates wormholes . loop only : default always neither if both are turned off , you get a more connected land mass although it still looks to branch some because of random generation , but the branches are noticeably shorter . both combinations lead to some interesting results . branching takes priority so you will not see donuts , but rather curved masses with curvy branches . loop default branch least loop default branch default loop default branch most loop always branch default loop always branch most
yes - the missing link contains spoilers . the missing link dlc stands apart as an episode by itself , even though the timeline in which is happens is during the main story ; it takes place chronologically just before the last mission in the main story of human revolution . ideally , you want to play up to the last mission in human revolution , save your game , play through the missing link dlc , and then finish the last mission . alternatively you can play through the whole of human revolution and then play the missing link as explained in this existing answer ( contains spoilers ) . i would not , however , play the dlc before the last mission as it does contain information explaining the story in the main game .
bears are tough . a few tips : try upgrading your equipment if you have smithing , and either dual-wield swords ( if that is your weapon of choice ) and attack with both ( both mouse buttons simultaneously on pd ) or use a sword and a shield . it is possible that it is just too early to do what you are trying to do . level up a bit further before trying to progress the main storyline . do a few side quests , get better weapons and armor , get a few perks in light armor and one-handed weapons . do not forget to bring potions !
skeleton warriors are a generic summon . the benefit of using it on yourself is the cooldown is about 1/3 of the summon length , so you can have 3 or 4 of them at a time . their advantage over situational summons like zombies and archers is they move fast enough to keep up with you . their damage output is respectable as well . the blood zombie does damage over time . nether imp has the silence ability .
bulbapedia 's pretty good on this , but i will try to answer some of your questions here . when you switch blocks they will stay like that until you switch them again . they ' level ' by keeping that block out for 10 days , and some pokemon only appear when you put certain objects/blocks of certain levels into the safari zone .
a more likely possibility is that you got an enchantment of thaumites in the weapon which then has a chance of causing a thaumite infestation on anything you hit . see thaumite infection from the anvil of kong for more specifics on the exact damage effects of this . this enchantment is possible to intentionally put on a weapon with a hiveweapon crust .
according to the gw2 support page on gems ,
the short answer : there are two seperate and distinct strains of super mutants , those bred on the west coast at the mariposa facility ( seen in fo 1 , 2 , and new vegas ) , and those from the east coast , bred at vault 87 ( seen in fo3 ) . they are both the result of experiments with the forced evolutionary virus ( fev ) , but the use of differing strains produced two distinct super mutant populations . the same name being used for both populations is largely the result of the brotherhood of steel bringing the term east with them from california . that said , the fev 's effects vary wildly across different populations - the mariposa super mutants come in a variety of strains ( i.e. . nightkin ) with varying levels of intelligence , and on the east coast , we see in fawkes that not all vault 87 super mutants are completely dumb . furthermore , the vault 87 mutants show a level of cohesion , organization , and planning that is not reflected in their admittedly limited linguistic capability , so they may not be as dumb as they look . finally , i would not call the west coast super mutants ' friendly ' per se . while it is true that there are a few that are not violent and hell bent on the destruction of humanity , they are still the exception rather than the rule . the wiki article on super mutants has more details , and the links to the vault 87 super mutant page in particular is helpful in explaining the distinct origin of the east coast mutants , as well as where in game in fallout 3 to look to learn more about them and their history .
squishiness is essentially how easily you fall during an engagement - the relative ease of which you can be squished . whereas a tanky champion can be likened to the solidness of stone , a squishy one has the standing power of a pillow . it is one of the many factors of general survivability - the strict ability to withstand damage . generally , squishiness manifests in champions with low defensive stats , little or no defensive ability to prevent death under focus fire from the enemy team , and poor ability to trade blows . the general theme is , if you are squishy , your likelihood of making it through an ambush , or under fire in a team fight , is low to nonexistent . you might notice that a lot of these are matters of " lacking " . and that is what squishiness boils down to - lacking defenses . as it is easier to illustrate that way , example champions i will list will generally be to show abilities that reduce squishiness - squishy champions thus being those who lack such abilities . low defense stats health , armor , and magic resistance all play a vital role in not dying . whereas a tank will excel in these stats ( and further boost these with items ) , a squishy champion tends to have poor base stats and/or poor stat progression per level . without even the weakest of defensive items , a squishy champion will fall to pieces when under attack . vladimir is an example of a champion with reduced squishiness in this department . his passive grants him extra ap for bonus health , and extra health for bonus ap . this encourages him to buy health items , while at the same time benefiting his health anyway while he builds offensively . no personal death prevention naturally , any champion , even a tank , will fall under enough focus fire , but squishies are those who die within moments of focus . this happens both from a lack of defense stats as before , but also from lacking abilities that help mitigate damage . this includes damage reduction , damage shields , or any method of instant damage negation - things that help once the damage actually starts to come in . poppy is an example of a champion with reduced squishiness in this department . her passive sharply reduces damage , she gets stacks of armor , and her ultimate lets her negate all damage except from one source . this both lets her survive once the damage starts , and even completely negate the effects of focus fire . poor trading blows likewise , being able to simply kill an enemy before they can hurt you does not affect your squishiness . that ability will not help you if you get jumped from the brush , or if you are on cooldown and took a wrong turn . if an initial burst does not take down the opponent , then a squishy hero may not survive the continued exchange of attacks with a foe , even if initially at a health advantage . again , defensive stats play a large role in this , but also abilities to help you stick around in the fight without needing to retreat . graves is an example with reduced squishiness in this department . his passive increases his armor and magic resistance , so he gets a growing advantage if he survives an ambush . as the rest of his kit also supports trading blows on the offensive end , his reduced squishiness really improves his survivability in that department . fixing squishiness now that you see what factors ( or rather , lack of factors ) play a role in being known as “squishy” , what can you do about it ? the main things to look at are fixing your squishiness directly with items , or just mitigating its issues . fixing it directly is basically - buy defensive items ! every little bit of health , armor , and magic resistance goes a long way if you’re a squishy champion . many high tier items include those that give some measure of defenses in addition to offensive power ( abyssal sceptre , frozen mallet , wriggle’s lantern ) . you may also consider items that directly present potent defenses - banshee’s veil , hexdrinker , and zhonya’s hourglass all offer a variety of ways to handle your squishiness . mitigating it comes from equipment that helps your survivability otherwise . lifesteal/spell vamp , for example , won’t save you from a nuke barrage , but it will improve your ability to trade blows by healing you for each hit ( a fact which for ad champions is very nicely wrapped with wriggle’s lantern ) . also consider items like randuin’s omen , which can slow down the enemy’s attack speed so that they cut through your buttery softness more like a dull knife than a laser beam . a champion with a stun , silence , or snare can also use those abilities to stave off the flow of damage - if you don’t have one of your own , lane with someone who does . in fact , laning with someone who can protect you either with their own defensive shields or by holding off the enemy is a generally wise move .
when i started the new tekkit i also ran into this problem . some things that i started doing with it were : using the minium stone to turn it into clay then from clay to clay blocks then from clay blocks to iron . the conversion rate is terrible and it is a bit time consuming but it really helps clean up your chests . you can turn it into glass . glass is used in all sorts or recipes ; the way you make glass is to pulverize it into sand , then toss the sand into a furnace . you can turn it into lava for magmatic engines .
the unofficial elder scrolls wiki has a good database of the traditional houses ( like those that can be purchased in each of the major cities ) as well as a list of the houses that do not count for your " houses owned " statistic . the wiki also has a complete list of non-respawning containers ; normally , the contents of each crate , chest , and container gets reset and randomized every 3 in-game days . here is the page for houses ; here is the page for non-respawning containers if you can not find your stuff stored in either the " free " houses , or the safe containers , you may simply be out of luck , pending a burst of sudden remembrance .
tokens are theoretically infinite* ( it is probably a 32 bit int or something unfeasible to actually fill , anyway ) . you can reset challenges on a character you have completed more than 80% of challenges on , so you can always earn more tokens , even with a limited set of characters . you do not silently aquire more tokens after completing a certain challenge ; rank 5 is the highest rank for any single challenge . there are however a lot of challenges so it is easy to get tokens without realizing it .
he is mostly a situational card . as you mentioned you can silence him , most notably for me i typically use it in my priest deck ( as priests have mass dispel and a 0 cost silence ) to troll and get a monster on the field . since it does not attack and does not have taunt 90% of the time players let me keep it on the field . then the next turn i silence , divine spirit , inner fire , and boom they have lost 10hp or more if i use multiple divines or power word : shield . additionally , i like having defender of argus in my decks so i do not have to run as many taunt cards and he is not a bad addition , as sometimes when your enemy has board control you can place it down without the enemy killing it as they do not see it as a threat . if they do kill it then you have re-directed 5 damage that could have went towards you . i use it as an underdog-card in most situations . it has it is uses but by no means is an amazing card . i mostly keep it around for the laughs , as i play to troll not play to win :d uses : rush : if you get him early with a ( 0 ) cost silence in a priest deck it can catch your enemy off-guard board-control : if you are losing it can be difficult to gain board control back . this card is commonly left alone as it has no immediate threat . even if it is killed before you can silence or give it taunt it is a cheap card so it is at little loss to you ( other than maybe card advantage ) buff : typical usage of silence or taunt . full-field : this one is a long-shot , but you can use it as simply another card on the field . some cards such as frostwolf warlord could benefit from having another minion on the field . hell , you could throw him in before a brawl just to have a slightly higher chance at killing all of your enemy 's minions . silence counter : if you give it taunt it can act as a deterent for your enemy to silence away your taunt since he will then be able to attack ( as mentioned by " z -" below ) .
this link has a list of every weapon attainable in the game and how to unlock them all . it does not have the comb as a usable weapon . i have every animal orb in my game and i know you do not get a comb from those . however you can unlock one weapon in medusa 's lair . the buster sword .
it is just very , very tricky . the rule of thumb is to watch the animation . the common mistake is to try and link too soon - you literally have to wait until the last animation has finished . also , some moves just do not link . the timing windows in sfiv are really strict - which allows for a real range of skill levels . generally speaking , to get long combo strings out , you need to work more with lights and mediums - so you might jump in with hk , standing lp , crouching lk , crouching lk there are several methods for linking moves : cancelling : most common , where you break out of a normal by executing a special . same goes for specials to supers , and supers to ultras . focus cancel : where you execute a move but hit the focus attack during it to cancel , generally used in the opening of a special kara cancel : you start a move , but hit throw during it , allows you to throw from extended range . have yet to pull this one off plinking : hitting a descending strength of attack almost simultaneously - i.e. hk -> mk here 's a combo for you to try that should give you a feel for it akuma : you will get a good six hits out of it .
the main skill that affects power grid is engineering , but there are several others that affect the pg requirements of specific modules or rigs : shield upgrades ( affects pg need of shield extender and passive resistance modules ) advanced weapon upgrades ( affects pg need of weapons ) projectile/hybrid/energy weapons rigging ( reduces pg need increase due to weapons rigs ) the main implant that increases pg is the inherent implants ' squire ' engineering eg series , which provides a 1-6% increase in total powergrid . the 1% version is extremely afforable even if you lose your pod often , but one significant drawback is that the implants for powergrid and cpu use the same slot , so you can not upgrade both with implants at the same time . the genolution core augmentation implant set is another way to boost pg . the ca-1 provides a 1.5% pg increase , and together with the ca-2 it also receives a 50% set bonus . you can fit these implants in addition to the squire engineering one . there is also the zainou ' gnome ' shield upgrades su implant series which reduces the pg requirements of modules that require the shield upgrades skill by 1-6% , but that is a rather niche benefit and probably only useful in very rare cases . there are several modules that increase power grid : micro auxiliary power core ( +10mw/+12mw , especially useful for frigates as it is a fixed pg bonus and not a percentage of total pg . useless on big ships ) reactor control unit ( +10%/+15% total pg ) power diagnostic system ( +5% pg , but additional shield and capacitor bonuses ) ancillary current router rigs ( +10%/+15% , but more expensive than most other rigs )
it is possible to display clothing together , however it requires a mannequin . there are only 4 per player in the game . each one can be equipped with a hat , accessory , top , bottom , socks and shoes . they are acquired from sable , mabel , labelle and gracie . quoting the ac wiki : sable 's mannequin is obtained by becoming friends with her . the player must also have purchased at least 50 items from the able sisters shop . the earliest this mannequin can be achieved is by the tenth conversation with sable . mabel 's mannequin is obtained by purchasing 51 clothing items in the able sisters shop . labelle 's mannequin is obtained by buying at least one accessory from her a day , over 31 days . the purchases do not have to be made on consecutive days . gracie 's mannequin is received when the player makes their first purchase on gracie 's floor of t and t emporium .
no , the statistics on the weapon do not matter . the purpose of this glyph is to allow you to customise the aesthetics of your summonable pet by changing the weapon it wields . many of the weapons that are recommended for the looks at the time this glyph was first added are , in fact , level 60 raid gear from vanilla . as the statistics on the weapon do not matter , neither do gems , enchants , or reforging .
horse armor does not have durability , it'll only be removed from the horse if you equip different armor on the horse . as such it is not repairable . i do not know if it can be enchanted however . source : minecraft wiki
of course ! engraving is one of the most reliable ways to identify wands . see this page from the wiki on how to use engraving to identify your wands . a little usage advice : first , engrave ( with your fingers f . ex . ) a normal elbereth , because some wands like polymorph are only identified , when you engrave somewhere where you have something else engraved already . second , also when engraving with the wands , write an elbereth . never engrave any other text , because 1 ) elbereth is always good to have and 2 ) writing elbereth as opposed to anything else improves your wisdom stat .
as you are traveling around after level 4 , you will soon notice a ghost following you . although this will probably scare you at first , he will tell you that all he wants is to be taken back to his old house by the sea . you will have to do what he wants , because you cannot enter level 5 until you do . his house is located just to the east of where you talked to marin by the seashore . take the ghost to his house and let him look around inside . soon , he will become overwhelmed with memories and ask you to take him back to his grave . his grave is not located in the main cemetery , but it is the single headstone just to the west of the witch’s hut , which is just east of the mysterious woods . once you return him to his grave , he will tell you that under one of the jars in his house is a gift for helping him . so go back to his house and look under all the pots . under one of them , you will find your reward , a secret seashell ! source here edit you can take the ghost straight to his house , then straight to his grave . an example would of this is walk-through to about 5 minutes in .
the double anarchy is by far the fastest firing smg . every ' shot ' results in 4 bullets traveling to the target but expends only 2 rounds of ammo . i made this video to compare my double anarchy with a hellfire mentioned in portali5t 's answer . note that even with a 82 round clip compared to 55 , the double anarchy runs through the clip at a much faster rate . the drawback to any gun with the anarchy mod is that its highly inaccurate , unless you find a good one with a high zooming scope . and here are the comparative stats :
i personally spawned a shotgun and used it to destroy the barrels and that was it . so basically i think the easiest way is to spawn any type of weapon and use it to destroy the barrels ( when you hold the weapon , click on barrel , then click on attack option ) . there might be more ways to solve that one , but i think destroying them is the simplest and fastest way .
the problem with building lots of houses is that you have to support that population - you have to keep them fed and happy . this is not too much of a problem at the outset , but as the game progresses each resident 's needs are going to increase drastically . keeping them all happy means you have got to build a huge support network to meet all their needs . buildings of various types will need to be constructed to provide them with their " intangible " needs , and production chains will have to be large enough to meet their need for goods and food . for instance , peasants require food , drink , community , and faith . production chains that provide fish and cider meet their food and drink requirements , but you will need enough of each that you can support the population or they will move out . community is provided by the marketplace , and faith from the chapel ( or other upgraded religious buildings ) . these buildings have a limited radius , so you will need enough of them to cover all your houses . when you " level up " to citizens , suddenly in addition to peasant needs , you will have to provide more goods - spices and linen garments . you will also need taverns for amusement . citizen homes hold more residents , so now you have got more of a demand for peasant goods than you had before . each successive " level up " means more residents , and another tier 's worth of goods to keep them happy . most of the time , the limitation will be how much you can cram onto an island , and what other resources you have available . while you can spam houses early on in the game ( and to an extent , you should focus on growing your population early ) , you can not just build forever . you will quickly exhaust your ability to provide for people , and they will get angry , refuse to pay as much in taxes , and/or start to move away . as you add houses or level up residents , keep an eye on the stock of your goods in the warehouse , and compensate for shortages before you run out completely . you will eventually find the proper balance between residents and production that fits the resources ( land and/or fertility ) you have available .
nope . the only thing that has an effect on your stealth skill is . . . well , your stealth skill itself . it can go from 0-10 , but this value is the only thing that matters outside of smoke bombs ( which keep you hidden for 5 seconds regardless of what armor you are wearing ) .
it depends on the game . as you have found out , mass effect 3 requires online authorization for all dlc ( but not for the base game , so they can claim to not require online mode while effectively crippling the game in offline mode ) , so you cannot load a save that has dlc data ( basically any save that was made in online mode if you have me3 dlc ) . you can start a new me3 game without dlc in offline mode , but it will get dlc data written to it once you load it and make a save in online mode .
any bonuses or modifiers that are gained from an affix on the weapon itself are already factored in to the items stats when you view it is tooltip . bonuses to +damage or attack speed on other items , such as rings and off-hands are not reflected in the tooltip of your weapon , but are factored in to the damage stat on the character sheet . keep in mind however , that affixes such as + damage and + attack speed , when found on a weapon , do not affect your other weapon if dual wielding . this includes the benefit of gems like rubies .
discarded cards do come back . new cards are randomly added to your deck of opportunities , but you need to qualify for each opportunity at the time it is added to your deck . if you fail or discard a card , and then lose the requirements for the card , then you will not see it again . failing a card will sometimes cause you to lose a quality required for the card ( like connected : criminals ) , or you might ( for example ) gain so much watchful that you no longer qualify . but most of the time , you will see particular cards again . feel free to discard the opportunities that do not interest you at the moment if you are looking for a particular opportunity . source : i played this game for several months .
no . ethereal items and the like are not present in diablo iii . all items can be repaired as their durability decreases . there are however , some items that do not suffer durability damage , and this never need to be repaired .
if you are asking if you can use a hard drive meant for the new style 360 ( the slim model ) with an old style 360 , the answer is you can not . the original hard drives attach to the outside of the console , while the new ones are smaller ( physically ) and slide into the console itself . as for replacing other parts - i would recommend against doing any maintenance yourself . you will void your warranty ( if it is still active ) , and in general the console is not meant to have user replaceable parts . re-reading your question , do you mean that the optical drive is scratching your discs ? you might try installing the game to the hard drive . it will still need to read everything on the disc to copy it , but at least once that is successful it will not have to read anything from the disc ( aside from the initial check when starting the game ) .
the game counts the werewolf 's ability howl of terror as an unlocked shout ( i am assuming you are a werewolf , or have been ) . i have just tested this on a save where i have found 5 word walls but have yet to kill a dragon ( of course , meaning i have not unlocked any of these 5 shouts ) . as i am a werewolf however , the stats page tells me i have unlocked 1 shout . this is further verified by the stats page telling me that my favourite shout is howl of terror .
the same thing happened to me once , my friend did not see anything bto him it was just the normal game and everything looked the same . i then accepted his ' wrong ' guess and reset our streak to 1 , but to him it was still on 60 or something . when i drew another one , he guessed it right and sent one back to me , my draw something synchronized to his and we were back on 62 . so for me everything worked out in the end , i hope it'll be the same for you .
a large part of spore is about community-created content , but if you look for gameplay on youtube you are only going to find videos people recorded to share with other players . so i would not consider that meaningful . whether galactic adventures makes the game richer is really a matter of opinion . it adds some features , listed on their site , and more parts , etc . to customise your species -- so if you enjoyed the vanilla experience then you might find that it improves it .
seems like getting the primordial magic identify spell is your best bet . from a thread on somethingawful early game tips [ . . . ] have one character reach expert in primordial magic with their first few level ups to unlock the identify spell . otherwise you will be paying out the rear end to identify stuff in the beginning . [ . . . ] the trainer that can teach you the spell is located in the wagon labelled " itinerant merchant " , north of sorpigal when you head towards the castle .
i mentioned this in a previous answer , but i will bring an excerpt of it here : phyta and cycots will stop reproducing once biomass level 5 has been reached . when this happens , they will continue to eat seeds , but their eggs will just " dissolve " rather than hatch into a creature . this is to prevent overpopulation , but if the biomass level goes down to 4 or less , the creatures will immediately start populating again until level 5 has been reached . other than that , those species should continue to populate so long as they are kept " well fed " with seeds .
according to this thread , ea removed that feature starting with fifa 10 , and this thread suggests that it is gone in fifa 11 as well ( although perhaps only for consoles/pc ; the psp version apparently has a youth academy ) , so i do not think you are missing anything . ea does not seem to list features that have been removed from games , so i have not found any information about why it was removed or if it might be added for fifa 12 or a subsequent console or pc release .
sector and universe traders will ignore existing cargo ( with the exception of energy cells , which they will eventually use up for jumps , and fighter drones , which will serve as replacements for the drones the trader would normally acquire ) , reducing their effective cargo capacity . you will need to get rid of the excess cargo in some way , perhaps selling it as you were , dumping it into a storage ship or jettisoning it .
options are available by right-clicking on individual users in the chat window : whisper , add as friend , party invite and block . if you choose to block a player , you will no longer receive any messages from them . right click them in the chat window and choose block . http://fiesta-online.gamigo.com/first_steps/interface/
i used the boots and obsidian crown and enchanted monkey staff to fire loads of fireballs . then when he came near me i teleported and jumped around !
do you not have advanced tool tips turned on ? familiar has a duration of 5 minutes . summon a companion that will attack your targets for 20% weapon damage as arcane . this companion cannot be targeted or damaged by enemies and lasts for 5 minutes .
you are unable to take a city via a normal ranged unit attack command . you will need a unit that can actually invade the city itself to gain control over it . some say you can use the move command if a cities health is low enough but i have not actually ever tried that . the best way i know of is to use a melee unit to invade the city after you have its health down low enough .
all diablo 3 auction houses ( both real money and gold ) are regional , one of the same three regions there are for servers : the americas , asia , and europe . additionally , hardcore characters are entirely separate from " softcore " characters - this means no trading and a separate shared stash , but it also means a separate pair of auction houses to boot .
it is possible to use voice chat on xbox 360 . but you can not use it as a telephone device . note* it only works when communicating with another xbox 360 . you can not even chat with an xbox one as you can see here , and in the comment of claus . plug the headset in your controller and create a party on xbox live to voice chat with your friends .
this boils down all to the result of trust . i once administrated a server and encountered much of such issue . primarily with my first batch of recruitments . what there occurred is that they abused the rights to their own benefits . i would recommend you to better understand who you are recruiting before giving them the rights . as you have mentioned you already have a permissions plugin . i would also suggest that you create a tiered hierarchy . it should have similarities to the following model : user -> trial-mod -> moderator -> admin -> owner what this allows is for you to observe your moderators/admins through ghosting . either being /vanish or other means . if you then deem them of a poor admin/mod , you then are free to demote them under such rules . as the owner of the server , you have the final judgement of who should be an admin and receive such rights . down to your question for whether admins require op . i would answer no . admins never need op . op grants them full autonomy of the server except in some cases such as pex or gm , where permissions have to be granted specifically . admins should also never require the * node in permissions . you should only grant the permissions they really require and if they bring up that they require more permissions , fully consider the repercussions of granting such commands and give them to the appropriate ranks . the following section shows how you can slowly move over to this system if you already have an existing hierarchy . first lay out a message of similar contents to the following : it has come to my attention that many of the admins have been abusing the rights given to them . it is detrimental to the community of the server and thus is unacceptable . following this , create a tiered hierarchy that have only what they need to resolve issues . if a mod is there to provide basic support such as logblock query and not rollbacks , only give such permission and nothing more . if they complain , remind them the issue you have faced and they have to earn your trust to gain more power . pick out a few of the admins you think that does not abuse the power and give them the permission they required permissions . they would respond to issues brought up by the mods and perform the required tasks . in this hierarchy , the moderators have permissions to do basic checking and not any form of changing ( check for griefing and not rollback ) and respond to basic questions by the community . if more pressing matters arise , it should be sent to the admins and they should follow up . as for the trial-mod , they would only answer questions and if something does actually fall into the category of admin , alert the mod or admin to settle the issue . what is happening here is that you should only give permissions to those that you trust and even so only permissions that they require to solve the issue . a mod should not have worldedit commands neither should admins have the permission to kill the server . the most critical of issues such as crashes should only be solved by you and a handful you really trust . after reading your comments , i have seen that the reason you are reluctant to do so is due to the configuring of the permission nodes . i would give a suggestion as a person who once administered a server . you always want to do permissions even though its the hardest to do . it may be the most tedious , but when you set up a proper hierarchy , with inheritance and the such , not much is really needed in there . after considering everything . i did not have much in my permissions of the admin as most of it is inherited from the moderator . the tediousness of configuring the permissions actually results in an amazing result and reduces complains from the user of abused commands . spend 2 hours sitting down and do the configs would not hurt . after that you can relax from the quietness of having issues solved by admins and no complains from the users . in all its entirety , it is never recommended to give admins op unless you fully and utterly trust them . by giving op , you give them your server . if they world edit away the whole map ( as has happened before because someone i trust forgot to move a corner of the selection and deleted the whole map , crashing the server in the process ) you are toast . you may still have control over the machine but your community is gone .
yes it does count as killing people , according to the sources i have read because you created the death indirectly by your own hand . the related note you mentioned : if the man you walk up to laying on the ground has a zzz its a knock-out icon . if he has a skull its a death icon . the environment will always tell you these things . if the roof is such a far drop that you cannot id him , assume you killed him .
the iso cache does the same thing that the umd cache in stock firmware does : saves frequently used blocks of the game disc in ram to improve load times . the umd cache only applies when playing from a physical disc , and the iso cache only applies when playing from a disc image on the memory stick . the settings under it are for fine-tuning ; cache size is the amount of memory the cache is allowed to use , and cache policy is the algorithm it uses to decide which blocks to cache . cache number does not appear to be documented anywhere , and i have no idea what it does . note that running your games from the memory stick instead of from the umd already gives such a huge improvement in load times that the additional improvement from using the cache will be pretty small .
first off , it is not the company motto , it is an ad campaign . aperture science was a shower curtain company producing deadly shower curtains before they became better known for developing the portal gun . basically , you are reading the phrase the wrong way . it is not " salt asbestos curtain " , it is " salt " , " asbestos " , and " curtains " . i am not sure quite where the salt comes in .
the id for both of them is 98 ( decimal ) , same as the normal stone brick . like different color wool blocks , their appearance is decided by their damage value ( 98 1 for the mossy stone brick , 98 2 for cracked stone brick ) . the minecraft wiki has an updated list of data values .
first you need to enable cloud saves : from the xbox dashboard , go to settings , and then select system . select storage , and then select cloud saved games . select enable cloud saved games . once you do this , you will be prompted on startup for most games which save device to use , in the same way you would be prompted if you had external storage plugged into your box . then you need to move save games ( if they already exist ) sign into your xbox live profile . go to settings , and then select system . select storage . select the storage device that contains the saved game that you want to move to the cloud . select games . select the game with your saved game . select your saved game . select move . select cloud saved games . keep in mind that space is limited to 512 mb ( but in my experience that has never been an issue ) . i use this capability a lot to go between consoles - it is convenient .
gems stack to 30 , as for the pages i have stacks of 100 each but i have not tried having above that , but i find it unlikely they would stack above 100 edit : artisan pages stack to 1000
just install worldedit , which will work cross-platform , and modify biomes in-game with the biome brush .
short answer : as it seems for me only for the runes of the engineer . these are the recipes i found who uses iron ore : minor rune of the engineer major rune of the engineer superior rune of the engineer i have not found othere recipes for it , but maybe another user may know more than me . edit : well , just look on the iron ore wiki page and look for recipes -> leatherworker . seems as my mentioned runes are the only recipes that need iron ore .
it seems to me that there is a probability involved every time you run the task . when you use a hacker with great stats , most of the time they will produce , however i am betting it is a simple percent chance that they will/will not , similar to when your workers ask if they can ' improve ' a specific stat and the highest percent chance you can attain is 80% . i have tested these variables all at once : 1 . ' amazing ' genre/type combination 2 . maxed out direction a . both fully maxed out , and only maxed out for what i feel is needed for that specific combination 3 . high level staff member who is in the key job for the task ( scenario/writer , graphics/designer , etc ) 4 . full energy bar and on occasion , they still will not produce . i am quite sure that of course a higher stat staff member reduces the chance of a bad outcome , but the bad outcome still remains .
does your campus require you to access a login page when you connect ? if so , you will have to use the ps3 's browser to access it . after you do , you should not have to log in every time you turn on the console .
there is no way to click on the main map or minimap to move there , neither was there such an option in previous diablo games . in previous diablo games you could , however , move with the main map open ; but that option no longer exists in diablo iii .
according to a steam forum topic , you will have to overwrite menu_act01 through menu_act04 with menu_act05 in Steamapps/common/portal 2/portal2/media .
you can buy or sell any blacksmith plan in the auction house , except for the account bound plan of herding . they are listed in alphabetic order not level ( annoyingly , there is no way to change this ) but if you already found higher level plans , then you should be on the right screen to search for harvest moon as well . it is possible that there is none available at the time ; if this is the case price will show 0gp and the ' buyout ' button will be grayed out . option c ) is still a possibility , if you searched for items and entered the name in the legendary box at bottom - this will search on specific crafted stuff , not the plans themselves ! so for e.g. , if you search for Asheara's Clasp ( lvl 51 set gloves ) this is different from Plan: Asheara's Bindings that you will find in the right place on pages and recipes section . harvest moon plan on ah
the eclipse war asset modifier is the same +50 regardless of how you resolve the situation . the only difference is the reputation you gain . release sederis = +5 renegade convince sayn to take over = +2 paragon convince sayn to kill sederis after she is released = none
i have re-downloaded the tool again ( for the 20th time , more or less ) , and this time it worked , so problem solved . this might be related to me resetting the battle .netlanguage before downloading the tool this time , as explained in the bottom of the troubleshooting page , but i can not be sure .
have you tried to verify the integrity of your files ? i find that doing this step solves 90% of my load/crashing problems with most steam games .
within the origin interface ( online/desktop ) and bioware social network a gifted purchase is not possible at this time . it is also not possible within the game itself . any transferable purchase has to be done with a physical item ( gift card ) or code . ea does however provide the capability to buy virtual items and in game currency as a physical purchase . this could be in the form of a gift card or as included in a retail box copy of a game . origin is designed to allow you to redeem these physical purchases through them . check out http://eacashcard.com . there you will find some examples of ' brick-and-mortar ' retail stores where gift cards are available . among the list of games shown on the site , mass effect 2 purchases are available but not mass effect 3 . at this time the most effective way to gift may be to give your friend the $ to purchase the points outright .
i was able to find an answer to this question here . basically , the hdmi handshake does not work correctly between some tvs and the xbox . the tv tells the xbox to only allow pc-like display options if it is set to auto-detect the display settings . to fix this : open the options on the xbox main screen right until you get to Settings select Console Settings → Display Discovery turn the auto display discovery to off it will ask you to reset your tv and xbox , after which you should have sound . you will also need to reset your display configuration ( i.e. . your resolution/hd settings ) .
this may be a mistake or some transaction may have happened you were not aware of . i honestly cant tell , but if you contact soe they can check your history and probably can at least find out why you received it .
you are over-analyzing . there is no extra bonus content to be found in going through the doors in a specific order . i finally went through and got to this level , and then went through all the doors in every possible sequence . nothing special happened . not sure why it was designed like this , though . maybe to give some extra variety to the game ? i would have to get in touch with the developers .
as far as i can tell , no . both cave story and cave story+ actually attempt to make this more bearable . if you have already sat through a dialog segment and died , the dialog will appear much faster the second time &mdash ; i.e. , box by box instead of scrolling text . these can be skipped through relatively quickly by hammering z . skipping these sequences entirely does not seem to be possible , however .
the colors are used to tell which class the airport is , there are 3 classes : class 1 ( black ) class 2 ( blue ) class 3 ( red ) the main difference is related to where an airplane of a specific class can land : an airplane of class 2 , for example , can land just on class 2 or 3 airports . once you get a class 2 airplane , you will use the colored dot on the jobs screen as a handy way to spot jobs that can go directly to another class 2 ( or better ) airport so that you maximize the effectiveness of your class 2 plane .
it depends on whether you have premium or not . if you have premium , winning a field with only gem bombs is very simple . all you have to do is this : pick a field with very weak monsters ( g13 is a good field for this ) select the option " giants only " and " endurance " create a few fairly high-level gems ( at least level 3 or 4 , otherwise you might not kill the monsters ) start the first wave . when the first giant monsters appear , pause the game ( freeze time ) take the high-level gems you made , and use them to kill all of the monsters from the first wave . then , create 3 grade-1 gems and bomb your orb with them . ( causing you to end endurance ) you will not receive many experience points from doing this , but you will get the journey amulet , as you won the endurance using only gem bombs make sure that you destroy all of the monsters in the first wave , as if you do not it will not qualify the first wave as " beaten " . if you do not have premium , this is a bit more tricky , and requires a fairly high wizarding level , and use of the " wild gem " skill . again , pick a field with as few monsters as possible . ( g13 was the one i did ) your skill balance should look like this . forge : maxed out ( 30 ) , multiple damage mastery : maxed out ( 20 ) , " wild gem": maxed out ( 20 ) . the rest of your skill points should go into " focus " sell the starting " wild gem " that you got from the skill create a huge amount of grade 2 multiple damage gems ( yellow ) ( i did this on field g13 , and grade 2 worked for me ) start the waves enter " gem bombing mode " by shift-clicking the gem bomb spell . this will let you bomb without having to drag the gems . ( work out how gem-bombing mode works before using it though ) start throwing gem bombs , preferably at clusters of enemies if you start feeling pressured , do not forget that you can freeze time and still use gem bombs . this helps out if there are a lot of monsters coming from different directions when you run out of gems , create more grade 2 multiple damage . if you are worried about the monsters not dying in 1 hit , create grade 3 instead of grade 2 that is about it , with only 8 waves , you should be able to handle the monsters fairly easily . also , do not worry about a few monsters leaking , you can always get them on their second time through the maze it is kind of a hard journey amulet , considering it only gives you 300 exp , but it does look pretty cool . . . and anyway its nice to say you have all the journey amulets . sources : experience playing the game .
maxwell is the boy with the red cap , not the farmer . the instructions seem a little ambiguous there ( and slightly incorrect ) , but you are just supposed to use it " yourself " .
my character is female , but i am pretty sure i found the same facial option that you are currently using . you need to go to Make-Up , then under that heading , go to Items . it looks like you have got the " busted nose " option on right now . simply switch it to " nothing " and you should be cleaned up nicely !
the minecraft wiki article on spawning is a good start . specifically ; every world has a " spawn point " ( really , an area ) located within a few hundred blocks of the origin ( 0x , 0y , 0z ) . this point is stored in the level . dat file 's spawnx , spawny , spawnz attributes ( although spawny seems to be ignored ) . if the spawn point is deemed unacceptable , a new , temporary spawn point will be selected ( although the criteria for " unacceptable " is unknown ) . so you always spawn " somewhere " near the center of the map ( 0,0 ) . generally the game will try to spawn you on a sand tile near water ( the " washed ashore " effect ) . so , if you always load the same seed , then the algorithm should always plop you down in the same spot that is " close to " the center of the map . the rules for multiplayer are somewhat different however , and the article is worth the read on that aspect .
as usual angry bird 's nest has a guide golden egg #4 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of poached eggs . the angry birds soundboard is the first of the puzzle levels . here’s what you need to do to unlock the star . press the group of birds , slingshot , tnt , any top bird , and finally any bottom pig . there is also two similar levels you could be referring to : golden egg #12 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of danger above . the second soundboard puzzle level is all about the birds and their beautiful harmonies . to get the star press blue bird , red bird , black bird ( with eyes closed ) , blue bird , then finally the green bird . golden egg #17 is unlocked when you obtain 3 stars on all levels of the big setup . to get the star first fill in all the pigs then tap big brother so he opens his eyes . now drag him to all the way to the right . no . 17 was originally broken on the android version , i believe , but doing the above has worked for a while now .
yes , the tech upgrades need to be crafted and used in order . durasteel unlocks aegisalt , which unlocks ferozium , which unlocks cerulium , which unlocks violium , which unlocks rubium , which unlocks impervium gear . the main reason for this , is that the tech upgrades ( and all of sector x ) are currently just placeholders , since the latter half of the game has not really been built properly yet . restricting the build order of the tech upgrades is , as of right now , the only thing preventing a player from jumping straight to top-tier stuff right away upon reaching sector x .
call lester , he will help you put a bounty on other players .
the answer for all questions about where textures are located is to look inside the jarfile and browse through the assets folder . ender dragon textures are ( along with all creatures ) in the entity texture folder , inside a folder named enderdragon .
the classes available in the arena , as well as the cards available when constructing your deck , are both entirely random . once you " buy-in " to the arena , you are locked to those options until you win 12 times , lose 3 times , or retire . your status in the arena is otherwise saved in perpetuum .
no . the pc version is the only one available in europe that is not censored in all of it , but that would require buying it again as well as having a pc capable of running it . on pc , censorship only applies in germany and austria in europe -- and then , apparently only in relation to the removal of nazi-themed symbolism . the us and eu psn stores are entirely separate .
from the developer 's site ( article on checkpoints ) : the color of the flame dictates how valuable the gem will be when you break the checkpoints . besides that the only reason you would want to break them is to make the game harder , which is exactly why they made them breakable . update : as mentioned by jonespm , shovel knight is now on steam and there is an achievement called " get the point " , which requires you to destroy all checkpoints in a single stage .
pick pocket the arrows from the npc 's who are shooting at targets . you have to do it before or after they are actually shooting at the targets unless you have the steal equipped perk unlocked . then replace the ones you took with 1 arrow of the type of arrow you want to have a lot of . then when they shoot the target you collect the arrows that hit the target and it will always be the arrow you gave them . npc 's get unlimited arrows to shoot so long as one arrow is on them they will continue to shoot that arrow . my example was i joined the thieves guild and pick pocketed everyone in there and gave them all 1 deadra arrow . now i go from the main room to the training room and collect all the deadra arrows they shoot at the targets to refill . i can get a stack of 100 or so arrows in about 7-10 min of running back and forth . gl to ya .
take a look here : http://maps.cs-bg.info/maps/cs/he/ ( cs 1.6 ) http://www.gamebanana.com/maps/search?search=grenade ( cs 1.6 + css ) or just search " he_" maps with google or something .
pour a bucket of water down . it will knock the tall grass/flowers/etc off the block .
one slime is generated for free once every 10 minutes .
there are 4 pillars on the front of the building which need to be destroyed . you can achieve this with rpgs , tank shells , c4 and missile emplacements . also likely are chopper rockets and ifv cannon , although i have not tested this . the 4 pillars you need to destroy are the ones shown below . they already have some exposed reinforcement bars showing . each pillar takes 2x rpg shots to destroy , or 2x mbt rounds , or 2x tow stationary emplacements or 5x c4 explosives . this be beta values so this may change . this is an " undamaged " pillar . this is a " damaged " pillar . this is a " destroyed " pillar . when all 4 look like this , it is time to gtfo .
first get the white ending , getting the white ending while unlocking the yellow ending will save you a full playthrough . all you need to do is play a new game plus ( beat the game and then play again ) and attempt to give your sleepy cat doll to every human character in the game ( possibly plus your cat ) . since doing this also gives you the ingredients for the ultimate burger , a key part of the white ending , it is important to do these in tandem . the characters to give sleepy cat to are as listed . most interactions are missable so check the conditions : chie give it to her before you give her the creepy purple doll . you meet her in the apartment where everything is normal before you get the handgun . kenny and bendizo these are the two dudes partying in chie 's place . they count as separate people the director he will not accept it until later in the game , after he gave me flares in my case . hank ( gun shop guy ) give it to him after all 5 health tonics . missable if you miss a tonic or you give him blue pills before giving him the cat . your cat you must fully adopt the cat ( give all 5 cans of catfood ) . make sure you do not eat the catfood and that you get all 5 cans before fighting mother . the man in the box trigger a green dream ( take a green pill ) and give him the cat before talking to him . after you have done this successfully , finish your playthrough and start over . if it worked , you will see a pictures of you cuddling with sleepy cat during the intro . then go back to chie 's apartment and give her the cat . your game will immediately end with a new scene and you will get the new ending . it takes about 10 minutes to get this after unlocking the sleepy cat intro scene .
the anti-ship drone is armed with a laser , which does damage to a single room targeted randomly by the drone . it also takes the shields down one level if it hits a shield . . the anti-ship beam drone is armed with a beam weapon , which does damage to multiple rooms along the path of the beam , but which does not affect shields at all . instead , shields affect the beam , in that each level of shield reduces the damage of the beam . since the anti-ship beam drone only does 1 damage per room , even a single active shield can render the anti-ship beam drone completely useless .
by " combat " , they mean man-to-man combat , not ship-to-ship combat . basically , mantes make good raiding parties or security guards .
it used to be 4 medals , due to the fact there are more medals now since 1.2 it has been changed to 8 medals without dying .
the wonderful thing about virtual machines is that they are " virtually " identical to real machines . assuming the host is a powerful enough computer , there should be no problems . however if you run it alongside other virtual machines you may run into the obvious problems such as bandwidth starvation ( if multiple machines share one network adapter ) or cpu starvation ( as they all share one machine 's cpu ( s ) ) . there should be no problems that are unique to the fact that it is a virtual machine , though !
the story driven single player campaign can only be played by one person and cannot be played by more than one player . however , there is one mission that has been altered that allows 2 players to try this mission on different difficulty settings . http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/game/maps-and-mods/mods/left-2-die as far as community created multiplayer maps , there are numerous survival types of maps out on the custom games list that players play versus an ai , some are story driven , some are survival . select join a custom game , then in the category drop down select " co-op vs . ai "
team collision determines whether you can walk through your team-mates or not . if team collision is on , then your team-mates will act the same way as an enemy when you come into contact with them , namely , they will be able to block doors and the like with their body . if team collision is off , then you will be able to freely walk through your team-mates . this is a mostly anti griefing option , so that people can not purposely block doors to prevent their team-mates from getting out of spawn . it is also a tactical concern , as you can not stuff a bunch of players in one position if team collision is on . keep in mind that enemies will always have collision on .
you need to have a save created during the ice plains or order of the flaming rose cloister portions of the epilogue . the witcher 2 recognizes only saves made before the last fight . the save should be located under : "~/Library/com.cdprojektred.TheWitcher/The Witcher/Saves/" and the game save files should have a name like the following : xxxxxx - Order of the Flaming Rose-xxx.TheWitcherSave where xxxxxx is a serial number for the save . then , in tw2 , select " new game " then " import witcher 1 save " from the main menu to import tw1 save . further info and files path for pc can be found here .
set explosive gel on the question marks beforehand , then go stand on the button , zoom in and use the remote detonator to detonate the gels in the correct sequence .
this is now possible with a name change pass which can be purchased in the supply depot for 3,500 energy .
the value in your inventory is the worth of the item . vendors will give you a percentage of that value based on your speechcraft skill and other factors . likewise they will sell it for a multiple of that value . specifically the price is : sell price = [ value of item ] / [ 3.3 - ( 1.3 * [ speech skill ] /100 ) ] * [ ( 1 + haggling % ) * ( 1 + allure % ) * ( 1 + fortify barter from potion ) * ( 1 + the sum of fortify barter from equipment + fortify barter from blessing of zenithar ) from the uesp wiki .
axe 's culling blade is the only ability that kills through shallow grave . techies is also capable of killing themselves when under the effect of shallow grave by using suicide . the shallow grave ability is also not able to be purged , so there is zero worry other than that . some spells will poison/affect you for longer than the 5 seconds that shallow grave lasts and thus may kill you as the effect ends if you are not careful .
there seems to be an intermittent issue with chrome where this happens . i have not been able to determine what the cause is , but unmaximizing the browser window , and then maximizing it again seems to clear up the problem .
it is completely random from what i remember .
you can play with a scout helicopter in these maps in obliteration : zavod 311 hainan resort flood zone paracel storm tip #1 : i would definitely recommend to start in zavod 311 because after this map comes hainan resort and flood zone so you can play with a scout helicopter for three consecutive rounds . tip #2 : out of these four maps , only zavod 311 has a mobile anti-air vehicle - your biggest nightmare - so be extra careful . tip #3 : the map with most cover for a helicopter is flood zone . then comes zavod 311/hainan resort and lastly paracel storm , which have almost no cover . my advice on that is make sure you have an unselfish engineer in your helicopter to repair you and harass the enemy helicopter with anti-air rockets ( stinger and igla ) .
i figured out what was happening when i unplugged it that effectively throttled the cpu , go to : control panel -> power options -> edit plan settings -> change advanced power settings look for " processor power management " and you can edit the settings from there . it would be nice if there was a quicker/hotkey way to do this though , as i do not like to have to keep digging back into the control panel .
the xbox 360 version is at pc patch beta 1.6.6 . weather was introduced in beta 1.5 . so yes , there is thunderstorms and all types of weather in the xbox 360 version . bonus : crappy video of weather in action :
a more accurate description of this achievement would be : get the clock on your phone 's stat screen and on the save game list to read more than 30 hours . i stopped playing at 29 hours 50 minutes or so and loaded a new game , waited 10 minutes , and nothing happened . i also loaded an older save on my " main " game and it did not pop there either . the only thing that unlocked it was when the clock on the phone rolled over past 30 . note that this means that any time during which the game is paused does not count towards this . co-op time does though .
i run 32-bit windows xp in a vmware virtual machine ; there is unfortunately no way to run it directly in 64-bit windows since it is a 16-bit app . i use vmware because xp mode ( microsoft virtual pc ) does not support the correct video mode and the game shows up as all black . i am not sure if virtualbox or another solution would work . you could dual boot with xp or something , of course .
you have to make it from the bottom to the top without touching any checkpoints . that way , you can free the sliding platform , die , and respawn below , in position to collect the trinket . the most important part is that you must respawn in the same room . else the platforms will reset and you will be stuck again .
i generally prefer gun builds when i go ranged for new vegas , mostly because of this beast of a gun : anti material rifle anti material rifle ( gra dlc ) its high damage/attack means i can pretty much 1 shot anything in the game , including all the difficult dlc zones like lonesome road . for the more difficult enemies , i will use the hand loaded ammo to go with the shot . the only drawback is that if you are playing on hardcore , the ammo is extremely heavy and scarce . since most of my fights tend to happen at extreme range where vats is not as useful , i tend to focus more on crit and damage with my perks : black widow/lady killer for 10% damage to opposing sex cherchez la femme/confirmed bachelor for 10% damage to same sex bloody mess ( 5% damage ) , note some people does not like this for the gibbing effect hand loader for the awesome hand loaded ammo that does tons of damage finesse for more crit chance ( this is only useful if you are spotted ) better criticals for even more damage when hitting for criticals living anatomy for bonus damage and to see if a target is armored or not ( so you can swap from incendiary ammo to ap ammo ) robotics expert to kill them faster . sentry robots are annoying . and some more generally useful skills : silent running to help boost your sneak , which is extremely important . jury rigging so you can repair your guns more easily weapon handling to help you lower the str requirement for the rifle . strong back to carry that extra ammo/gun around pack rat to drastically reduce ammo weight sniper , for those situations where you are too close and have to hit the head to kill someone , then you can still have vats to fall back on . also , remember you need high luck to boost your critical chance , but there are items in the game that permenantly improve luck . lucky shades , naughty nightware ( though i do not recommend you wear this in combat :p ) , and the +1 luck implant can be found in the base game and there are dlc items that boost luck as well .
halopedia says , when using mounted anti-infantry guns , the weapon overheats less quickly , allowing for longer firing at the maximum rate of fire . also it allows the player to move faster when the weapon is detached allowing for more offensive tactics rather than defensive . i am yet to unlock any speciazation to get access to this ability to test it out but if the quote above it to be believe then yes , it does affect stationary guns ( mg turret , shade ) .
why do not you save your game and then spend your perks on different trees to see what combination works better for you . there is no point going all that way as a battlemage to start learning archery now ( unless your at a high archery level already ) using silent magic for the dark brotherhood will be dam good work , and for the thieves guild , you wont really be fighting at all ( opinion ) due to stealing most of the time . but it is rightfully your choice in the end , the light armour tree works very well for almost all others , with better perks going up to the weightlessness of it eventually , now , choosing alteration , whether your a thief or not does not really matter , or maybe it does to you , but you initially need to activate that , whereas the armour you do not . but just look at the tree , at the perks , and have a hard think , think about everything you do , how it will help in any and all situations , think about light armour too , then you will finally see which one will be worth it more . that is what helps me , thinking far in advance and how i will use those perks , i hope any of this helps you out friend rob
the orc wizard had an electric brand weapon . it did not do direct damage but did do electric damage . they really hurt . another orc wizard ( probably ) then hit you with a magic dart from a wand . they are often found in little packs . finding them on d3 is harsh , but crawl is harsh , very harsh . die and learn .
there are not any . you will see your first mailboxes ( and flight points ) when you leave that zone . the reason will make sense when you finish the zone quests . . .
weapons have become accessories in diablo 3 . since the game is designed to prefer magic skill attacks over melee , the weapons work like your pants or hat—they add to your stats and attributes , though you may never swing your weapon as a melee attack . you can set melee to a hotkey if you want , though . in your example , yes , the bow and dagger are equivalent . elemental damage modifiers are added to normal damage . it is all about raising dps unless you desire an attribute modifier .
i solved it by updating my vga card driver .
i may have found the answer . i did not realize that it makes use of the flash player data directory instead of somewhere more logical , like the documents or steam folder . machinarium forums long story short . . . if you are regularly using something like ccleaner to clear out your temp files , then your save games will get blown away .
when you activate the teleportato in sandbox mode , you will receive xp for the days that you have survived and be able to change characters . going through the teleportato will keep your current inventory and all of your prototypes . this new world is only going to be different geographically . the monsters have the same hp and attack power ; they will behave in the same way as you would find them in your first world . you are just generating a new world to exploit explore ! sources : klei forums , steam user forums , personal gameplay .
from past experience , number 1 is the answer in most cases , however , i have heard that machines can stop randomly in some versions of buildcraft ( although i have not seen it personally ) .
yes , there is a minimum amount of space required : the kinect sensor has a practical ranging limit of 1.2–3.5 m ( 3.9–11 ft ) distance when used with the xbox software . the area required to play kinect is roughly 6m² , although the sensor can maintain tracking through an extended range of approximately 0.7–6 m ( 2.3–20 ft ) . a bit more practical advice is offered by this article : microsoft suggests a space of six feet by six feet in front of the kinect sensor for one player , and eight feet by six feet for two players . in " real life terms , " my couch is far enough away from my tv that i can pull a queen sized sofa bed out of it without having to move it and still walk between the bed and the tv stand . i still have to move the couch 2-3' back from where it sits to play with the kinect , and that just barely makes it happy . if you have got a coffee table or anything else between your couch and your tv , you are going to have to move it as well . nyko makes a " small room " zoom lens for the kinect , although i have heard mixed results from using it .
edit : i neglected to ask if you are on a pc , or a console . ps3 console suggestion at the bottom ( i am not very familiar with xbox ) . pc -- assuming that you are using steam on the pc , you can try verifying and repairing the locally installed files . fire up steam locate skyrim in your games list right click on the game name and select properties click the local files tab click " verify integrity of the game cache . . . " if this does not help you , you could also try checking for errors on your hard disk using scan disk , in the event that you have some file corruption . this may or may not recover the damaged files but it is worth a shot . there are two ways to access scan disk . i am going to assume that you are using windows 7 and that your save files are on the c : drive , if not , enter the drive letter that the files are on . steps will vary slightly for windows xp / vista . via command prompt : click start and type : cmd type : chkdsk c : /r windows will ask you if you want to run check disk on the next book , type : y reboot via windows explorer : open computer right-click on the c : drive and choose properties click the tools tab under error-checking , click " check now . . . " check both boxes and click start windows will prompt you to schedule the disk check , click the button already reboot ps3 -- suggestions via bethesda forums : restore file system . attempts to repair all areas on the hard disk drive where files can be saved . corrupted data may be erased , which can help performance . if you choose not to enter safe mode , you can manually delete corrupted saves within the xmb menu . go to games> saved game utility . within the menu , delete any corrupted save files . these files can be created from skyrim and other games when a game doesn’t save properly ( shutting down the console before an autosave completes , etc ) . rebuild database . will help with memory fragmentation on the ps3 hdd . note : using rebuild database will erase messages , playlists , changes made on information screens , trimming information for pictures in photo , video thumbnails , video playback history and video resume information . the content that is erased will not be recoverable .
regardless of your interactions with granny rags , slackjaw will offer you the non-lethal way of dealing with the twins . his dialog changes somewhat , but otherwise the quest is exactly the same . i ran this both ways - one run through the game i helped granny rags , and in the other i avoided her altogether . both times i non-lethally dealt with the twins with slackjaw 's help . if you have not poisoned slackjaw 's elixir machine , though , you can use it when you return to his hideout later . if you bypass granny rags altogether : you will also skip the quest towards the end of the game where you have to either assist slackjaw from escaping granny rags or assist granny rags with slackjaw . the gate you had normally need to find the key to is simply unlocked - there is no reason to go to granny rags ' hideout .
you appear to misunderstand how universities work . universities have four classes a day : 6:00am , 9:00am , 12:00pm , and 3:00pm . at each of these times , any students in class will leave , and a call for more students will be put out . over the course of these four classes , the university counts how many students it gets total for the day , which apparently in your case is 1600 . at any one time , you can have a maximum of 800 students , hence the 800/800 number you see . after the " total students today " counter gets to a certain amount , you can upgrade the university so you can place down a new sub-school . each new sub-school increases how many students can be in class at once ; this is how you increase the university 's capacity . there is no real point to having two separate universities . only grade schools and high schools use school bus stops . college and university students do not take school buses , they walk , drive , or use public transit . if you do not have streetcars , do not bother upgrading to streetcar avenues , they are identical to high-density avenues aside from the streetcar tracks . i can even see by your screenshots you have added a ton of dormitories , but no sub-schools . this is your problem : you need to increase how many desks are open at once by using the university 's upgrades to place sub-schools . it is like a specialization hq ; you can upgrade it all you want , but you do not get any benefit until you put the extensions down .
i poked around and discovered a new folder : ~/library/application support/minecraft/texturepacks/ putting the texture packs you download in this folder makes them appear in the menu . do not extract the files , just leave the . zip there .
i looked it up online and looks like a glitch on all platforms . i found a work around for it though . if you are affected by the glitch , make sure you take out the last two snipers ( that try to take down the chopper ) before they can move . as soon as i did this , it worked for me .
the super battle maison battles are the best because of the least downtime , assuming you can somewhat consistently beat them up to and beyond round 20 . doing the regular battle maison fights will require you to start over repeatedly , and half the fights will only earn you a single bp . in super battles you will earn 2 points for the first 10 rounds then 1 extra bp per round after the next 10 rounds , up to a maximum of 7 after 51 rounds . due to the battle maison characters quite literally cheating it can be hard to keep up that momentum though . it does somewhat depend how far you can go ; if the regular battles are easy but you die in the first 10 or so battles of super battle maison , it is better to do regular battles just for the consistent earn and the 20 bp payout at the ( relatively easy ) battle chatelaine fight at round 20 . 20 rounds of normal battle earn you 48 bp thanks to the 20 bp bonus , you will only come out ahead in super battles after round 20 , but after that it is a solidly better earn rate . however if you lose the 20th round in normal battles , you lose almost half your possible earn . battle institute is just . . . bad , unless there is some insane payout for doing perfectly somehow . i have found it pretty pointless myself , but i can not find the exact payouts in order to completely disprove it . i just know that winning all rounds handily still is not quite enough for it to be faster than super battles in battle maison .
for one day , there was a bug where mystic cogs suffered from dungeon diminishing returns . i.e. , if you completed another dungeon , then ran tixx 's dungeon , you would get less than 200 mystic cogs . as far as i am aware , this was anet 's ' fix ' for those adversely affected , so that everyone has enough mystic cogs to make exactly 2 minis , as 200 extra cogs is not enough for someone not affected by the bug to get another one . to the best of my knowledge , there is no other use for the mystic cogs --- at least , this year !
it is an sstv signal , which turns into the following images when decoded . decoded courtesy the arg folks over at valvearg . info
in case anyone wonders , it appears that majesty 2 has different update versions for each expansion . this means that the latest patch version for majesty 2 with no expansions is 1.1.88 , while 1.4.356.0 , is for one of majesty 2 's later expansions .
yes , the progress is automatically saved and synced to the steam cloud individually - so when you next join a co-op game it will have stored which levels you have completed . this also means that your progress is shared across any computer you play portal 2 on . it is worth noting that progress is never saved during a test chamber though , only upon successful completion . you will be able to pick which level to start at next time you start the game - if you go to the specific chapter you want to play and use the buttons until you have selected the level you want , then go into the assembly machine as usual .
the issue you are experiencing is called overscan : where parts of the image that your television displays appears to be " cut off " on each side , or bleed outside of the visible area of your tv screen . the behavior is extremely common on crt televisions , but some newer flat-panel tvs/hdtvs perform overscan by default as well , for a few different reasons . however , many modern television models include a menu option somewhere allow you to reduce or eliminate the overscan effect , though it is not uncommon for that setting to be buried fairly deep if it does exist . one bit of good news is that even if your television does not allow you to adjust the overscan , many games include a " screen adjustment " or similarly-titled option in their own settings menus . this will allow you to tell the game what the visible area of your tv screen actually is , so that it will make sure to draw all text and ui elements within the screen area that you can actually see . not all games include this sort of feature , though . you can read more about overscan and why it exists here .
there is nothing tricksy going on here . animage and kindred mage are both active and working . . . but because their bonus is conditional , they do not get added in to the tooltip . Calm says 17 because the base level of 9 + 8 from hypnotic gaze is +17 . you can still effect up to level 25 animals and up to level 27 humanoids , the tooltip just has not updated . ( though given how hard it is to be certain of an enemy 's level in skyrim , it is often moot )
ok , so i had to try this tonight . i could not live with -399 bux ( $15 just to get back to 0 ) . so i reset . you lose everything . does not matter if you paid for the elevator upgrade . and yes i agree it is a free game and i have a great time playing when i have a few free minutes . but when you hit an in game bug that causes you to go negative balance it is quite frustrating . this makes me seriously question playing on a windows phone . if your phone is wiped and you reinstall the app does not have your data and will start over again at zero . so if you play for 6 months and then upgrade your phone . . . start over , no thanks . same on the windows 8 version of tiny death star . on my tablet and laptop i have two different death stars ( dumb ) . it is easy to add a settings sync to the app so all versions of the app have the same data , the fact that they did not do this makes me seriously question spending time in this game . at least the iphone version keeps a backup of your data in icloud so you do not lose all the time you spent on the game .
the first count down is how long until that building has full occupancy . a full building can be tapped to send out a walker . the second count down is how long until that building is finished being built .
i would upgrade to level 5 before leaving detroit for the first time . the police station has at least a level 4 hack for the armory , as i recall - it might be level 5 - and you will not be able to get in on your second trip to detroit . so you need level 4 if you want to do all the hacking you can . however , once you have level 4 , you can upgrade to level 5 to break in to an illegal aug shop in the brooklyn court apartment building in detroit . inside of that aug shop , you can find a praxis kit . this is accessible later , but since the upgrade pays for itself and will make your future hacking easier , you may as well get it as soon as you can .
i currently have a fish that is rising rapidly and at 21km . i am just going to let it keep going and see how high it will go . i am assuming this is some kind of bug because it does not seem to be slowing down at all , after the moon are stars , after that the stars get less and less dense and at this point there are no stars i am just in black space . . . . i let it run over night and it was up to 800km before i shot the fish .
spoiler : by combining a knife and a feather . if you can not find one : just grab somebody 's pillow while they are not watching and slice it open with your knife . plenty of feathers in there .
no , not all games are compatible . wikipedia says that the game you mention is mostly playable and can be completed albeit with some difficulty : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_xbox_games_compatible_with_xbox_360
you might try going to the mansion or a store and equipping/buying a different gun ( and then switching back if you want ) . this fixed that issue for me , although occasionally i will end up with two different guns somehow and i will constantly get a message about how i have " acquired one weapon " or some such every time a map loads . : (
the difficulty jumps quite often rely on the map you are playing on and vary quite a bit between maps . here is a general guideline of the difficulty levels you should expect . the information is taken from the doom wiki . for difficult level on individual maps , it is best to consult their corresponding wikia pages . source : doom wiki .
patrick galloway is taken away in a boat by otto keisinger who mysteriously survived their battle in oneiros . keisinger stole patrick 's gel'ziabar stone and left patrick at the shore . how he survived and why he rescued patrick is not detailed , but the game revealed that keisinger desired the gel'ziabar stone and that is why he took it . the ending is a bit of cliff-hanger and there were talks of sequels but the game did not sell to expectations and the plans for a sequel were scrapped .
yes , world of warcraft can run detached from the registry and is considered portable . you can copy the files in the world of warcraft program directory to another computer and it will run right out of the gate . configuration files are also stored in the program directory ( unlike modern games which store them in the user 's home directory ) . it would be a good idea to use the launcher to " reset " world of warcraft 's video settings before launching on a new computer .
unfortunately , i do not know exactly how much you must culturally dominate a city for it to switch . that number may well depends on your difficulty level . however , i think i can help answer your implied question : this city is more culturally mine . why has not it switched to my empire ? first be sure city switching due to culture is turned on . i assume it is , but this is an option you can set before the game , so its worth mentioning . the threshold might not be 51% this is what you supposed , and i agree this might be true . until someone else chimes in with a number ( or several for difficulty ) lets assume something else is wrong . . . culture switches are not immediate . the city will usually have at least one cultural revolt first , i.e. both you and the current owner of the city will see an event like " a [ spanish ] revolt is taking place in [ city ] . " this is a great sign for you , and means that you passed the threshold ; the city would switch to your empire fairly soon if it had no troops in it . this has the unfortunate consequence that . . . the current owner can put troops in the city to slow you down the longer the city is in revolt in the name of your culture , the more likely it is to switch . so naturally , if the revolt is suppressed by , say , more troops , its less likely to be successful . i think with enough troops the revolts can be prevented altogether . i am not sure of this , or whether a city can switch without revolting first . troops are the only way i can remember the current owner being able to fight you , but there may be others options i can not remember , like particular government choices or wonders ? consider destroying the troops with espionage if the troops can slow down the process , then get rid of them . you sound like you want to take the city without war , so spies are the option you have left . but , if you do not care whether you go to war or not . . . consider taking the city with military if i recall correctly , a city that prefers you culturally will be " liberated " rather than " conquered " . unfortunately , this has the same problem you asked about taking the city cultural : how much is enough ? i am not sure , but i believe if they have revolted for you then its enough . liberating a city is effectively " this city is supposed to be mine , the people welcome me " , i am certain its what happens when you retake a city you founded but lost , and has great effects : the city does not lose a population due to being " conquered " . the people do not revolt , but begin working immediately . buildings are more likely to survive the transition . ( perhaps all of them do ? ) ( does not apply to your situation but . . . ) the cultural border the city had when you last controlled it are restored . as a final note , if you could liberate a city , and a third civilization takes the city , they immediately have the option of " returning " it to you . i feel like i have missed something , i will add it later if i think of it .
to answer the question about muddying the area , no . if you muddy an area it will not cause the forest to spread as the areas where the forest grows is determined by the biomes ( which are visible when you choose your location to embark to ) no soil type . though , trees do sprout randomly , so go ahead and cut down the ones that are on your map for now . there really is nothing you can do to increase your fortress 's wood production . unless you find an underground river or pool . if you find either of those , muddying an area underground will cause it to grow tower cap mushrooms which can be used as wood .
this actually sounds pretty subjective . there is only one non-subjective answer i can think of : micromanage early , automate late early in the game , you have few cities , few population . a couple of well used units can topple another civilization . a worker improving the right square and double your food income . but late in the game , you have lots of cities and units , all the important hexes are improved , you have explored everything already . in short , early in the game every decision affects a greater part of your civilization than the same kind of decision late in the game . so , micromanage your units early in the game , when they matter a lot . then , whenever you think they have become unimportant , automate . most of the other reasons to automate or not end up being subjective , or simply : it depends . do you want to win absolutely , and play on the highest difficulty possible ? chances are you should be micromanaging everything , checking on every city/unit every turn . do you like some parts of the game and not others ? perhaps you like war but not building ? automate whatever you do not like , and play what you do . do you enjoy quick games or watching a world evolve with only light input from you ? automate a lot , and click next turn to get to the fun stuff . also maybe play on quick . in short , it depends on how you want to play . as long as you are having fun , you are doing it right . can you rephrase your question at all to be less subjective , less abut how you specifically might want to play ? maybe , " which of the automation options tend to make good/bad decisions ? " we can not tell you how much to care about automation , but we can tell you where you might want to care , if you decide to .
so the diamond sword was a good start . enchanting is the right way to go , you will want a high level enchantment though , save up your 30 levels and spend them all at once ( it does not take too long to get to 30 ) . make sure you have got one of Smite , Bane of Arthropods or Sharpness . the first two are better , as they deal more damage , but you can still do it with Sharpness . once you have enchanted , find out what your sword can damage most . i.e. if it is got Bane of Arthropods , find a spider . next , maximise your damage by jumping to deal a critical hit . with all these factors you should easily deal 8 hearts of damage . remember that the amount of damage per hit varies , so you may need to whack a few mobs before you get the achievement .
krosis is one of the few masked dragon priests you will meet outdoors . in fact , its not just outdoors but conveniently located on top of a mountain . thus , the easiest method of beating him would be to simply fus ro dah him off the top of said mountain . if you want to do it the ' normal ' way , you will have to bring ample fire resistance as he has a staff of fireball . he is also weak to fire so brining along a staff of fireball yourself or have ample fire magic would greatly help . distracting him with summons ( like the flame atronach ) is a good idea as well .
it shows the configuration of your keyboard , allowing to change between alphabets , for example from latin to cyrillic or korean . it is used for players discussing in different languages and needing different keyboard configurations . edit : so i tested a bit around . i installed the russian and english keyboard layouts on my windows system and checked that i could switch from my french layout " fr " to russian " ru " or english " en " by pressing alt+shift . i then launched starcraft 2 . i can confirm that the " a " means latin characters and ru means cyrillic characters . english and french layouts both show an ' a ' because both use the latin alphabet .
desura does not think you have installed it , it is offering you options how to proceed if it is installed or not - if you have the client installed you click the first button , if you do not you click the other button . there is no desura client for os x , but they do offer standalone os x distributions through the site .
put the line " cg_usenewshop2" in the appropriate . cfg file , it should be located in my documents/heroes of newerth . setsave should do exactly this , but it is possible that you have your . cfg file in read-only mode which would prevent it from being edited . you might have to change this ( right click--> properties--> uncheck read-only ) to edit the file , too .
yes , you will be stunned and blinded for a few seconds upon reading it . if you read it at the throat of the world , however , something interesting will happen .
no , the choices make no difference to the overall story . the choice of character in the beginning is only temporary , and does not change much - once you connect to the machine , everything else is the same . ( source : played the game multiple times , because it is so great :d ) .
final fantasy xiii is ( by concept ) to a large degree a strictly linear game . most of the time ( with the exceptions given below ) , the levels are a simple " tunnel " with no forks . you will only be able to stray off the path for some meters to find hidden treasure spheres or optional enemies . there are no side-quests in the traditional sense and you will only follow your main objective . once you leave a level , you will not be able to return to the previous visited stages . this is a large departure from the gameplay of earlier parts of the series ( say , ffvii ) . on the plus side , the graphical representation and the atmosphere/mood of these tunnel levels is awesome . in fact , if you switch off the minimap you may even forget the limited topolgy and enjoy the surroundings . also , the game uses the restricted degree of freedom for its intense and fast paced storytelling . the exception from this rule come only very late in the game . ffxiii consists of 13 chapters . once you reach chapter 11 , you will have access to a number of non-tunnel levels where you may roam freely , that is , as far as you can beat the enemies that stand in your way . also , a number of simple hunting missions becomes available , where the simplicity refers to the structure of the quests and by no means to the challenge of the enemies . in fact , at this stage you are not expected by the game to be able to complete all challenges of chapter 11 . rather , you should complete some easy hunting missions and move on with the storyline to level up . that is , you leave chapter 11 to beat another sequence of tunnel levels in chapter 12 and the final boss fight in chapter 13 . however , from chapter 13 ( and even after finishing the final boss ) , you will be able to travel back to chapter 11 as often as desired to beat as many optional quests as you like . this is intended as some kind of open-ended-like gameplay where you can find the characters ultimate weapons and fight some really impressive special enemies . personally , i really enjoyed the game yet i would have like a more open world . the story was exciting and was presented like an intense and fast-paced action movie . yet , it does not reach the quality of earlier great storylines ( like vii , viii , or x ) . however , the real strength of the game lies in the combat system , which is strange at first , but works out great once you get used to it . i recommend to give this game a chance .
no , due to diminishing returns on resistance values ( each additional point is worth less ) you can not reach 100% resistance to any element through that . i believe it is close to impossible to reach above 85% or so . that said , there are certain legendary items that will make you immune to a certain element and instead cause that element to heal you . for example : countess julia 's cameo - arcane mara 's kaleidoscope - poison
the way to identify farmer locations is to look for crops that contain scarecrows . but even then , they can still be hard to pick out . fortunately , the farmers are not too far off from each other . he is just northeast of the second farmer in that screenshot . you will find your farmer there .
to answer #1 i constructed a test rig . as you described , the outer-engines overheat faster than the inner one regardless of vertical placement . this means that the overheating is not a result of the heat emission map ( which extends in a cone underneath the engine that drops off rapidly and is hotter than the engine itself ) . when i placed temperature gauges on the same rig it did not overheat at all which inadvertently gives us our answer . all parts have three config parameters relating to heat : maxTemp , heatConductivity and heatDissapation . by default conductivity and dissapation are set to 0.08 and they are never redefined in the config files . this means that all parts , even the tiny temperature gauge will receive heat from neighboring components at the same rate . in our scenario the inner engine has four components with which to transfer heat via conduction but the outer ones only have one so they overheat faster . to prevent the outer-engines from overheating you could install a heat sink in the form of a few structural girders . as for #2 the wiki states that : as of 0.18.2 , this tank does not transfer heat effectively . engines attached directly to it and running at full throttle ( especially mainsails ) will overheat . i suspect this is a deliberate tweak in the coding since my usual trick of adding a small girder between the tank and engine reduces overheating by an approximate factor of 8 instead of a factor of 2 which you would expect from abusing the heat conductivity parameter as described above . edit based on a comment by philipp i re-checked the results of #1 and it turns out that the inner engine heats up at a slower rate by transferring heat upwards into the command pod , not across to the other engines as i assumed .
the cards are unlocked in order , from the deck you are currently using . there is no random element . if your deck is fully unlocked , you will not unlock any cards . you can find the decklists and unlock lists here .
this website has detailed strategy guides for leveling each class in mu online : agility elf energy elf dark knight dark wizard magic gladiator
my first answer was not entirely correct , after some more research i found this page , with some hard numbers : http://www.d3scene.com/forum/other-games/18935-dod-source-weapon-guide.html here is seems like there is headshot dmg and body dmg . eg . for the k98k : damage per headshot : 275 body hit damage : 110
hero 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : wonderful hero true hero balanced hero little hero sucky hero what rank you get is based on time it takes for you to beat the level and how many of the titles ( e . g . barely , kelp lover ) you picked up on the way . evil lord 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : beautiful evil lord pretty evil lord plain evil lord your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . knight 30 mode ranks ( best to worst ) : great knight big knight knight mini knight petite knight your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level . protecting the sage is important here , because the more hits the sage takes , the longer the casting time will be . princess 30 mode is bit different than the other modes as there are five " best " ranks instead of just one best rank . although the best rank is considered to be "30 second , " there are some levels where getting under 30 seconds is next to impossible ( e . g . , level 12 , beach trip ) . so that is where the other four " best " ranks come in . best rank a - 30 second ( complete level in under 30 seconds ) best rank b - flawless ( complete the level without losing a single soldier ) best rank c - fighter ( kill most of the enemies in the level ) best rank d - gorgeous best rank e - legendary blueblood royalty infamous royal brat your rank is determined by how fast you beat the level , how many soldiers got hit in the level , and how many enemies you killed in the level .
there are several steps to successful dockings . click on images for larger view . set your target as your target . time your launch : a general rule of thumb is to launch when your target is just rising in the west ( unless your target is in a retrograde orbit ) . if your target is not in an equatorial orbit , then you will also want to launch when the orbital plane crosses your launch site . launching : this is pretty standard . one key thing to remember is to set your apoapsis to meet your target altitude . circularize as per the next step . closing the gap : if you are leading your target ( in front of it ) , you will want to increase your orbital period . burn prograde to increase your apoapsis about 5km higher than your target , or until the intercept minimizes . in a similar vein , if you are trailing your target , you will want to decrease your orbital period by lowering your periapsis . also take this time to make your orbits co-planar by burning in the normal or anti normal direction at the descending or ascending node respectively . if you are already within about 5km , you can skip this step . initial approach : by now , the nav ball should be in target mode . in this mode , your velocity vectors indicate the relative velocity between you an your target . keep your prograde vector pointed at the target , and reduce your relative velocity to under 50m/s . as you close in , continue making adjustments to your course to keep your velocity vector on the target indicator and continue reducing your relative velocity . final approach : by the time you are within about 1km , you should have a relative velocity less than 10m/s . hopefully you remembered to orient your target ship such that one of the ports is pointing north or south ( for equatorial orbits , normal or anti normal in general ) . point yourself in the opposite direction , thus making the axis of the two docking ports parallel . now you can switch to docking mode , as you do not want to use your main engine anymore . change your view to chase by hitting v a few times . now use translation controls to line up the axis of your docking ports , thrust forward , and let the docking ports magnetism do the rest . just not too fast . keep it under 1m/s within 10m . as a side note , i screwed up this particular approach because i was not paying attention and did not reduce my speed as i closed in . i shot past the target ship and had to correct . additionally , you will note that i did not in fact change to docking mode . this is a personal preference , and i use both hands on the keyboard to control my attitude with my left had ( wasdqe ) and translation with my right hand ( ijklhn ) .
it is been a long time since i played chrono trigger on the ds , but i do not recall anyway to do so . the only thing to try is to use the ds-style input controls ( i recall there being two input modes , one more like the snes original , and a newer one with more touch controls ) . if there is a way , it would be when using the new control style . i still do not think that you can move your party members around , unfortunately .
the default rate is 1/turn , for hostile city states it is 1.5/turn . it can be reduced by 25% with the patronage social policy and by 50% with the greek unique ability . another factor is the social policy " united front " from the order tree , it increases the rate of decay for other players by 33% ( thanks to raven dreamer ) . if you conquer too many city states they will band together to defend against you ( you will get a notification about that ) . at this point , influence with non-hostile city states will decay 100% faster . curiously , influence with hostile city states decays at the usual rate , so they are actually cheaper then . beware that you do not need to attack many city states to trigger this event , 2 city states on normal size/prince triggered it already . ( thanks to sean ) i have checked some other factors using firetuner , and neither map size , difficulty level nor current era seem to influence the decay rate .
i would go the uninstall the game . you saw both endings , you could be really picky and find all the audio logs and upgrade all weapons , however i do not think that is worth it . seeing the two possible endings is the most important thing . i would recommend moving onto your next game .
you are certainly not alone . there are thousands of similar complaints littered across the web . bethesda say they will release a patch for the console versions " very soon " . it is already been published for steam ( pc ) users .
your question covers a wide range by saying you had like an answer for ' dota-like games ' . i can not say for all of the games whenever or not real money will help you . i can speak for league of legends though , and i do believe it is the same in heroes of newerth and dota 2 . when you play matches in lol , you gain ip . this is based on the outcome of the match ( win/loss ) , the type of the match ( 3v3 , dominion , 5v5 ) and the duration . you can also gain a bonus amount of ip for the first win of the day . you have the possibility to buy rp in lol . so in short , you have two currencies : ip and rp . ip can be used to buy Champions , Runes and Rune Pages . additionaly , Runes can only be bought using ip . you will not be stronger or weaker when you have more or less champions . you will only have more choice in the champion select screen . note that there is not a single champion which can not be bought with ip . you can have an equal amount of champions as someone who uses rp to buy champions . runes however do give you advantages in-game . once you have bought a rune , you can always use or switch it . it will not be broken or disappear after a while . rp can be used to buy Champions , Skins and Rune Pages . additionaly , Skins can only be bought using rp . skins only have a visual effect . your champion will not get stronger or weaker by using a skin . so in short , league of legends does not use a Pay-to-win model . everything in-game that can be bought ( or gifted by a friend ) with real money ( rp ) , is purely for the looks or unlocking . unlocking solely give you a wider choice with selecting champions , but is by no means making you stronger . next to that , ip can be used to unlock champions as well . on the flip-side , the only thing that can make you stronger before starting by purchasing anything are Runes . these runes can only be bought with ip , and therefore not with real money . above things described is stuff what happens outside the matches . in the matches , you have an entire new currency system . on start of the match , your Runes , Skin and Masteries are loaded . no advantage is gain but from the runes ! from the start of the match , you start earning Gold . nothing else can influence that income besides events in the match itself , like champion kills or lasthits on creeps . when the game is over , calculations are done based on the statistics . you gain ip based on the outcome of the game , the type of match and the duration . the gold you earned in the match is solely for that specific match . you will not be able to do anything with it outside the match , nor within your next match . the only thing you can use from that match is the gained ip ( and LP for your ranking , but that is a whole different story ) .
you have got your definitions of " compressed " crossed . i am almost certain the games are compressed in some way so that the psn can send as little data as possible , but these would be lossless compression methods ( almost everything sent via the net is compressed in some way or another , non-media files are almost always compressed losslessly ) . and at the same time , in-game assets like graphics , video and music are compressed because the raw files from which they are made are far far too large to fit on even blu ray disks ( or if they could , load times would be beyond unbearable ) . as for the question of quality , no , digitally downloaded games do not differ in quality whatsoever . the graphics , audio and video that you will see on a downloaded title are identical to what you had see on a disc . there is no quality related reason to prefer digital or physical media releases for ps3 games . i own several dozen digital ps3 games now and there is no noteworthy differences ( besides the loading speeds , which are superior , and the storage requirements ) .
it turns out it has something to do with the new " structures " files in the data folder . i deleted the mineshafts file for now and the ram usage went back to normal .
all mec weapons have the same amount of available ammo , enough for 2 shots before a reload . ammo conservation provides 1 extra shot , and so does the expanded storage , which is a mec trooper skill for the captain rank , for a total of 4 regular shots or 2 uses of collateral damage before a reload .
this is an excellent question , so i have popped open the game to experiment with their behavior . based on my research , there are no visible differences between goombas that walk off the edge and those that turn the other direction . nevertheless there are goombas that exhibit both , which leads me to believe it is simply a hidden property . i can say though that every goomba in a local area exhibits identical behavior ; if you see one walk off a ledge , others nearby do too .
i was at least able to resolve my issue with naming . my assumption was that i would type c and follow it up with a direction . however , with the windows mobile client , you type c , and then need to tap the screen in order to select the thing to identify , otherwise the dialogue will not pop up fo r naming .
it sort of depends on your graphics pack , but the df wiki has the default images/colors for each stone , as well as their uses . http://df.magmawiki.com/index.php/df2010:the_non-dwarf's_guide_to_rock *edit* since you changed your question to refer specifically to the phoebus graphics set , a quick clarification . in dwarf fortress , the graphics set does not include any information about the colors representing different items in that game , such as rock types . the phoebus graphics set is just an image that contains all the tiles used in the game . the colors are set in the init file , and are changed independently of the graphics set . for example , the matrix tile set asks the user the change the default colors , but it has to specify them for the user to change in the init file . there are some versions of dwarf fortress that come with a graphics set pre installed , and these will sometimes change the default colors to match the style of the set , as well as some other settings . unless you have personally changed the colors , or are using a special version of dwarf fortress , the colors will be the default , and can be found in the link i originally posted .
if you are against a strong laning combo and you cannot rely on your own laning partner , your best bet is to keep your minions between you and the other champions and to use your front-most tower as a " third man " . if you stand behind your minions and out of range of your opponents , you can take potshots at the enemy champions when they are open , get the killing blow on enemy minions when those potshots are not safe to get , and reap the experience and levels from the minion kills . you can coast through your first several levels this way , gain new abilities , and buy gear to counter the champions you are up against ( armor against melee , magic resist vs . mages , etc ) . your laning partner will also benefit from this , provided they are not trying to tank the enemy champions past your minion wall . hanging out near your front-most tower will result in minions dying faster ( and getting you more experience ) , opening up more " last hits " ( since if a tower hits a minion with full health , it gets knocked down into its " one more hit " range , and makes it that much harder to get harassed or ganked . this strategy will hold you over until after the initial laning phase , when the enemy team starts coordinating ganks and tower takedowns . at that point , you should be powerful enough to be more viable and will be able to use that advantage coupled with team coordination to push back any encroachment , snag a few kills , and take advantage of their temporarily-reduced champion count to push a tower in a weak lane . if you can rely on your laning partner but you are still not confident that you have the right composition to go against your competition , the same strategy works as well . in this case , you had have yourself and your lane partner buy items that can help mitigate the effectiveness of the competition , including defending against their damage type , buffing damage types they are weak against , and making sure your movement speed is faster . one thing to keep in mind is you should keep checking on the items your competition is purchasing . in many cases , the competition will not be paying attention and will be using general item specs , which means you can more easily counter what they are buying . monitoring the items the competition is using is important in any game , but is even more important if they start with a composition advantage . in addition , if you managed to get a competent jungler on your team , exploit the advantage of additional experience , gold , and the ability to put pressure on random lanes to mitigate enemy effectiveness . above all else , do not die , and stress to your laning partner that they should do their best to stay back and away from possible gank distance . deaths mean extra gold and experience for the other team , which will only worsen your situation .
c/o or co means ' current offer ' . this refers to either the current price at which the seller is offering the desired item , or the highest bid thus far from another party interested in purchasing the desired item .
after capturing a city , there are several turns of no production . if you created the city as a puppet , you do not have any say on what the city builds , but it produces less unhappiness than an annexed city . if you annexed the city , you should be able to choose to produce a courthouse ( given that it has been researched and is not already built in the city ) , but this will of course only happen after the period of no production following the cities ' capture .
currently , there is no reliable information or source about the tombstone inscription or its meaning . some people pointed out that the inscription is an anagram for " a epic prank " ( however , missing the letter s ) , which could be seen as a reference to trolling is a art : the purpose of this phrase is to troll people by getting them to correct it ( example ) . a collection of additional fun facts/easter eggs regarding whimsyshire can be found here and here . a little ot : blizzard put some stuff into the game where the purpose of is not known by now , e.g. the black rock ledger . there exist long discussions about it . perhaps the tombstone will also turn out to be another clue to something bigger .
the blocks are only destroyed if they touch the wall , floor , or ceiling . to pass this area you must move the blocks in a line ( an ability granted when getting the yellow gun ) and keep changing the direction before any blocks would hit a surface . here is a video showing how you can do it .
no , only you see your clicks and effects on the game board 's ' environment ' . however , there are some opponent 's actions that are visible to you , e . g : minions on the battlefield or hero powers are highlighted when your opponent hovers their mouse over them .
aside from what you yourself suggest , that some players simply dislike the change , i can think of one relevant consideration : expansions . while " starting worker rally " sets the worker rally point for your first base , expansions will not automatically rally to nearby minerals . friends of mine who have been playing hots since the open beta have previously complained to me that they forget to rally their workers at their expansions precisely because their first base auto-rallies . if you find this to be the case , you may wish to turn it off , at least until you become better at consistently setting worker rally points .
there are various ways to benefit from aliens living in your empire . depending on the race of the alien population they might give your empire some kind of bonus . for example certain races reduce the cost of ship maintenance , however the alien population needs to be big enough for a bonus to apply . some alien races make better soldiers than others . for example the mortalen are better suited for combat than humans . so if you have a planet full of mortalen 's recruiting your troops from there will increase the combat power of your units . another way to exploit an alien race is by enslaving them . enslaving an alien race will give you a gdp boost on the planet where they are enslaved , on the flip side this will anger any empire whose population is composed of the race you are enslaving . a downside of having aliens live within your borders is that they become unhappy if you declare war on an empire of their won race . for example if you declare war on a securan empire any securans living in your empire will become unhappy .
had the same problem . right click on the shortcut , go to " properties " and then " compatability " . for some reason gog has it preset to run in compatability for win98/me . . . when i switched compatability mode off it worked fine !
you will be able to activiate and play the dlc on pc . as long as the game supports steamplay there is no difference between mac / windows / linux keys . out of my head i would not know a game on more than one platform without steamplay , nonetheless you should always look it up before buying .
that is the favoriting feature , on the pc to add an item or spell to your favorites you have to press f . then you can access all your favorites quickly by pressing q , a list of favorites will pop up in the lower left corner and the game will be paused . on the pc you can also bind items and spells to the number keys .
you can get backup . . . as soon as you know traut 's location you can talk to dethmold . he will give you 4 of his soldiers as backup . so , when you then go to fight traut , you just have to open the middle door in the room , there the 4 soldiers are waiting to help you in the fight .
if you select " options " on the launcher and then " input settings " , you get to a screen where you can change the keybindings . there are already predefined keys for each sign on the number keys 5-9 . you can either use those or redefine them to more convenient keys . while you hold Ctrl to select a sign the time is slowed down considerably , usually that is enough to switch signs in mid-combat . the second slot you see in the bottom left is for throwing daggers , bombs and traps .
when you capture someone 's capital , their capital is temporarily relocated to another city . but it is the original capital that is important for the victory condition . you are not allowed to destroy it , so you need to be able to hold on to it until you are the only one that still controls your original capital .
you can get a tank ( aka , rhino ) in many ways . . . a ) without wanted level - you can purchase it , and it will spawn in a hangar in the airfield b ) with wanted level - you can find one in the military base , but that can be hard to get into . i suggest getting a fast car with franklin , then using his special abilities to bust through the gate because your wanted level will not go up while you are in the special ability . that will save you some time to get closer before all hell breaks loose . you can find a tutorial here to get the tank i am sure there will also be a cheat soon figured out that would allow you to spawn them , but i do not think it has been confirmed yet . bonus : here is some gameplay footage of the tank
i just re-watched all the game 's cinematics again . nowhere in the content of the game is your question explicitly answered , but there are a few possible ( entirely speculative ) explanations : nefarious does not seem to like/care for courtney gears nefarious is not prone to killing his opponents early as he seems to like to toy with them . as lawrence clearly points out on many occasions , nefarious is not very good at planning - likely written this way for comedic effect . nefarious usually likes to deal with his adversaries himself . especially given the personal history he has with qwark . with the biobliterator ( s ) in his possession , he does not really need to incite robot insurrection so courtney gears is rather disposable to nefarious ' plans . she is mostly a red herring to buy time to set a trap for qwark and get the biobliterator ( s ) operational . every robot converted from a squishy would already be under nefarious ' control so it is more a matter of subjugating the existing robot population with the army the biobliterator ( s ) would have gained him . courtney gears knew too much and this made her a liability . nefarious does not truly trust anyone and , despite his offer to clank , certainly would not share his reign with her or anyone . the risks of her turning on nefarious or revealing too much information were too high . as you said , nefarious was unconcerned with ratchet at that point , focusing all attention on qwark , and since ratchet was the only member of the q-force taking action , leaving ratchet alive to draw qwark into his trap was probably part of that decision . if ratchet were killed at that point in the narrative , there was really nobody to give qwark the confidence to go out on the frontlines himself . it is clear that qwark is afraid to face nefarious himself . it is also unclear how autonomous klunk was so that may have been too far a deviation from his programming for him to take that initiative .
forge does not support java 1.8 at the moment . you can fix this error by downgrading java to 1.7 alternatively you can also have 2 java installation and point forge to launch with 1.7 instead of 1.8 . all you need to do is modify the java path in the minecraft launcher .
i am not sure about the slot machine odds , but by far the fastest way to get gifts is to replay certain levels . for example , on level 18 , i can click the bomb pretty much anywhere and guarantee 80 gifts . if you replay a level , you get to keep the gifts from each replay . update : i finished the game , and had 389 coins to spare . if i had cashed in the coins for gifts , i would have received 1945 gifts ( 389 coins * 5 gifts / coin ) . instead of cashing them in , i played slots . i started with 3 gifts , and at the very end of slots i ended up with 3713 gifts . that means i earned 191% more gifts by playing slots than by exchanging the coins for gifts . this is with luck maxed out . now , this is with a sample size of 1 , but i feel like the high ratio pretty much guarantees that playing slots will pay out higher for you . update 2: i played again until i reached 80 coins , and my slots-to-exchange ratio was a little lower at 164% . . . . and i just tried again , also with 80 coins , and the ratio was 180% . do with this information what you will , but i think it is conclusive that the slots give you more gifts for your coins .
tasty pasta does not award xp for eating . the following drinks made via the cocktail shaker and/or blender do award xp when consumed : bubble tea gives 10xp , mood , energy , and a buff . pungent sunrise grants energy , 10xp , and a buff . cloudberry daiquiri grants 15 mood , 10 energy , and 7xp , and a buff . exotic juice grants mood , energy , and 5xp . creamy martini grants 25 mood , 10 energy , and 5xp for drinking . carrot margarita grants 10 mood , 8 energy , and 5xp for drinking . cloud 11 smoothie grants 5 mood , 4xp , and a buff . flaming humbaba grants 5 mood , 20 energy , and 2xp for drinking . the above numbers will be lower if you are not at max mood .
you definitely can , that is how i unlocked samson . pay attention that the game is still buggy after the release of the dlc , so it may happen that you unlock him without receiving any notification after beating mom ( also happened to me ) .
yes ! right click it with a reusable safari net , the launcher is only needed for mobs with a right click interface , such as villagers .
the sanguine rose is unique among conjuration staves in that the spell scales with level . so while the effect is the same ( a melee dremora , in daedric armor wielding a daedric weapon ) , the actual level of the summon increases as the dragonborn gains in power . edit : i finally found some more precise data . even though the staff is unobtainable before level 14 in a normal game , there are appropriately leveled dremora for that range . original answer : i am not sure how many levels there are total , but if the earliest summon is a dremora kynreeve ( as per this ) , it is likely that there are at most four : kynreeve , kynmarcher , markynaz , and valkynaz . of these , kynreeve is confirmed at level 14 ( the minimum level to start the quest ) , markynaz has been seen as early as level 30 , and valkynaz has been seen at 72 .
i have had a similar thing happen . i found i had to complete some current missions ( story or otherwise ) in order fo the bounty board to update ( despite claptrap telling me otherwise ) . if you open your inventory and go to the quests tab , you can check your currently active quests . it may be that you need to progress the story , or perhaps finish a current bounty quest in order for the missions to show up .
even if you are standing right next to their hideout , i have found that you can not get them with your sword - you have to get them with a ranged weapon . ( apparently ezio does not have the dexterity to stab guards through an open window , or something . ) i have had success taking them out with my hidden pistol and with throwing knives . bombs , while throwable , never seem to work for me , except maybe for obscuring their vision while i line up my shot .
friendly - and i just finally found the option yesterday , it is in the building menu . spent so much time looking for it !
the big white number is the weapons dps . for the most part , you will not go far wrong by always using the weapon for which this is higher , since it takes into account the weapons base damage , any bonus elemental damage , its attack speed , and any attack speed bonuses on the weapon . when dual wielding , you should average the dps of both your weapons , then multiply by 1.15 to get a number for comparison to your 2h . all that said , as you increase in level , the potency of having a weapon with points in your primary stat increases dramatically , to the point where a weapon with slightly lower dps may still be worth using . the best guide for whether a weapon is an upgrade is not the large dps number , but the damage category in the stat changes if equipped summary at the bottom of the tooltip . for more on how that is calculated , see here : what does the damage stat on the character sheet actually mean ? how is it calculated ?
blind is a control impairing effect in diablo 3 . blinded enemies have a reduce chance to land hits and will not attack unless they are attacked first . blind effects usually last a few seconds , depending on the skill or ability used . i do not know how much this reference is reliable , but it agrees with your ( and mine ) observation . also , notice that elite monsters subjected to blinding flash recover quickly even if they suffer a 30% chance to miss with attacks . what i infer is that , elite monster can target you again in less than blinding flash 's 3-second duration ( even if you do not attack them ) , but the miss chance stays on for the entire skill duration .
it turns out somebody at feral is actually reading crash reports . i received an e-mail from them out of the blue today : this issue is being caused because the installation path is on a separate location to the game preferences . your preferences data is on the main boot drive of the machine , but the game installation is on a separate drive . we are working on an update for the game that will allow it to be launched from an external location - this should be ready in the next couple of days . if you wish to workaround the issue yourself , please delete the game from the separate drive by dragging the application to the trash , then run the steam client on your main boot drive and download the game to that drive . once installed , launch the game from the installed location on the main boot volume . since my boot drive is a small ssd , i had installed the game on a separate drive to save space . moving it to the boot drive fixed the crash . hopefully this helps anyone else who is running into the same problem . ( note : as of almost two months later , the update they mentioned has not materialized )
i am currently playing a melee/grenadier demonhunter in inferno act 3 and it is working so far . my skillset choices : grenades runed with ( gas grenades ) can be used without a bow or crossbow as well as any melee weapon and have a higher damage output than autoattacks . chakram runed with ( shuriken cloud ) is used as area of effect damage in melee range . it is very hatred efficient and does decent damage as long as you are not beeing attacked . smokescreen with ( choking gas ) runed works offensive and defensive . it is your best escape tool while adding additional damage . preperation and ( focused mind ) rune give you the necessary resources to continue dishing out in long fights and keep spamming abilites . as companion i chose the ( boar companion ) rune because of the area of effect damage and it is sustain . decent damage and it looks awesome ; ) last but not least , spiketrap as your main source of damage . the ( long fuse ) rune is the best option in my opinion because 371% weapon damage is so much damage and works especially great when spammed and in big packs . even boss 's hp drop very quickly when using this skill my passives : vengeance gives you additional hatred to spam bombs as well as giving you more sustain when picking up health globes . i have not used it in the lower difficulties but you will need it in inferno . tactical advantage is my get out of jail free card . i ran into the problem of not beeing able to escape in time after using smoke screen . this passive solves it and helps you to spread the choking gas rune 's effect . numbing traps are a must-have for every melee build involving traps . you can try other passives but especially in inferno this is the best way to keep you alive ! playstyle the best thing about this build is it is easy execution . just run up to the mobs with active chakram and spam the ground under you with spike traps . you boar will do additional damage while you keep doing damage with grenades the moment your hatred runs out . you can use preperation inbetween attacks to spam additional traps and get out when you feel you can not survive or want to reposition by using smoke screen . nightmare and beyond in harder difficulties your main problem will be the damage output of the enemys . try to lure them into your traps and use smoke screen for escapes . if you can divide the enemies into smaller packs you will be able to kill them very quickly . item priorities your weapon can be everything with good stats/dmg . if you want to autoattack try a fast sword but grenades are just better in comparison . try to aim for a mix of dexterity and vitality . vitality should be your first priority while maxing dex for " enough " damage output . equip with damage on hit is always nice but do not use it when the stats are otherwise crappy . it is just a bonus and you do not need it as much as you need to stay alive . i have had a lot of fun playing this build and still enjoy it . keep me posted and ask if you have further questions about the specific skills or the build in general .
there is no upfront fee . there is a transaction free of $1 for equipment ( armor , weapons , jewellery , etc ) , and 15% of final sale price for commodities ( gems , dyes , recipes - items that can be sold in bulk ) . you only get charged one fee or the other . this is only paid if the auction is successful . there is a faq here .
absolutely ! check out this post over at guru3d .
the only reference i can find is in the planet baldurs gate walkthrough , this walkthrough unfortunately does not say how much str is needed , but does say it only cares about strength . might wanna get a str potion and try again .
i initially guessed 50% health was considered " low health . " if you were to melee attack light enemies ( i.e. . , non-heavy enemies like most bullymongs ) at 50% , it would cause them to stagger . though after experimenting , this does not seem to be the case . based on my observations , i would say " low health " is ~33% health ( or 1/3 health ) . fortunately , it is pretty clear when the ability was applied in a kill . normally you deal a fixed amount of damage to everyone . when the ability is applied , you see a boost in the damage dealt and you get a nice " buzz " sound and a slashing animation for every hit . to test this , i respec'ed zero and went off to fight making sure i did not level up any more during the tests . as a baseline , i fought off enemies with only the deception skill and no other skills . every melee attack i dealt gave 55 damage . i saved and restarted to go on another run . this time i added killing blow level 1 to the mix . again , most hits dealt 55 damage . using a weak gun , i chipped enemies ' health to around 50% ( as close as i can get it ) and hit them with a melee attacks . still did 55 damage . i then tried for 25% . again , as best as i can , i chipped them down to as close as i can to 25% then hit them with a melee attack . i got boosted damage and other indicators of a successful hit . so it is definitely applied at least at 25% . however i noticed that at times when i was not quite at 25% but a little higher , i was still able to get the successful hit . so apparently it was higher . after a few more tests , i came to the conclusion that it is at 33% at max . to see if the level of the skill affects this , i tried again with killing blow level 2 and up . you get even more damage of course but it still seemed to apply at 33% and did not change .
after some quick testing , i have to say that this enchantment currently does not work . i made myself a test dagger with a super high enchanting level so there would be no doubt of the effect if it did trigger . it was done with a petty soul gem so i can see the draining of charges very easily : here are the results from tests , i used getav health to see how much damage i did with 1 attack : night no moon indoors - 8 damage - charges used outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day no moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used day with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used night with moon outdoors - 8 damage - charges used as you can see from the screen shot , even hitting heimskr when there were two moons out still only did 8 damage .
they are essentially the same , but the command line version is that : a more compact command line version that will not require any gui and therefore no window system to run on the server . since you are running a windows machine , i would not expect any significant differences , but the command line version should use less ressource in case those are a concern . edit : in case you had like to manage your server through a terminal ( like ssh ) , the command line version would be the one that is easier to use ( since it will not require any gui interaction ) . if you are using some kind of remote desktop connection this does not really matter either .
all the weapons do the same amount of melee damage . however they can vary in speed and accuracy ( ease to hit the target ) . the fastest weapons in melee are plasma pistol and assault rifle . source : http://strategywiki.org/wiki/halo:_combat_evolved/weapons by the way , maybe this is interesting for you : double melee glitch
according to the wiki : bbq [ grill ] - never locked , may contain food . if you put any steak on it , you will get a grilled steak . from that , and my failed attempts to cook my various cheeses , i do not think you can cook anything other than steak .
they are definitely useless , unless you like to pause your game constantly , which seems like a bad idea .
doing this is part of the " tax evasion " achievement , so searching for videos about that achievement might help . i found one where someone grabbed the tax collector , but there is also talk that it is possible to " hook sweep " with b if you have got your hookblade equipped ( the tutorial message for this pops up conveniently as this guy 's grabbing the tax collector ) : i am guessing that " hook sweep " replaced the " tackle " move from earlier ac games .
according to this wiki : sleeping is the process of resting in a bed , sleeping bag/roll , pile of hay to fully restore your health , magicka , and stamina . in addition , sleeping in a good bed gives a temporary bonus to magicka and health . beds in player-owned houses provide better bonuses than other beds . if you sleep long enough in any bed , you will receive the " well rested " bonus which increases the speed of skill mastery by 10% for the next 8 hours . if you sleep near to your spouse ( same building/cell ) , upon waking you will receive a " lover 's comfort " bonus which increases speed of skill mastery by 15% for 8 hours . this effect can be duplicated by the lover stone which confers this bonus for as long as the stone is the player 's active symbol . also keep in mind that , as alluded to by ryanzec 's answer , there is at least one quest that requires you to sleep in a bed to initiate it , so even werewolves have a reason to sleep at least once ( after killing grelod the kind and receiving the courier message from the dark brotherhood ) .
so the short answer is that you want to use the filler tiles to make bridges which you can use to slide the extra red , yellow , and green gems across to their proper columns . then its just a matter of pushing out the fillers from the columns until the gems reach the bottom and are matched .
you can download it directly from your battle .netaccount . https://eu.battle.net/account/management/download/#sc2-downloads click on the windows or mac button to download . ( you can even change the language if you want . i bought the french version but was able to download and play with the english version . )
i finally unlocked everything and completed the list . tower type power speed range spread cost research unlock arrow both 1 1 2 0 100 - starter cannon ground 2 1 1 2 120 - starter anti-air air 1 3 3 0 150 - starter tesla ground 4 1 1 0 250 10 gems starter laser air 2 1 3 0 300 11 gems starter mortar ground 4 0 3 4 400 15 gems starter fire ground 4 1 2 3 350 13 gems tiki s2 frost ground 1 1 2 3 200 - tiki s3 trap both 5 0 0 1 250 10 gems gati gati s1 hive both 1 2 5 0 450 14 gems gati gati s2 gem none 0 0 1 0 300 9 gems tiki s1 lightning both 1 0 5 3 500 13 gems tiki s2 notes : fire towers continually fire at the same spot for a set duration , dealing damage over time . enemies with green shields are weak to flame towers and burning enemies are resistant to them . frost towers do not deal any damage , but do slow enemies down . they can remove the burning effect from burning enemies . trap towers consist of both a tower and an antenna , which must be near each other with no obstructions between them . two traps are strung between the towers , one that hits ground enemies and one that hits air enemies . each trap causes an explosion when triggered and can only trigger once per wave . hive towers generate insects over time . each insect will roam the map , smash into the first enemy that gets in its way , and then disappear . you can only have one hive tower at a time . gem towers do not attack . they slowly upgrade any adjacent towers around them over time . each gem tower has limited energy , and cannot be removed even after that energy is depleted . lightning towers hit every enemy on the map , but only attack when enemies are near them . in addition to towers , you can also unlock speed potion makes tikiman run faster . this is a permanent upgrade . unlock by completing tiki s1 remote mine allows you to set a remote mine at tikiman 's location for 5 gems at any time , and detonate at will . you can only have one mine set at a time . these deal high damage over a decent range , hitting both ground and air enemies . unlock by completing gati gati s3 interest increases the amount of gold acquired at the end of each wave by 5% per tier . each tier costs more gems than the last . unlock by completing toki s3
the option does build a new nether , but the more important thing is that it applies all new changes to it like nether fortress with blaze spawner , so you can get these new materials on your old ( before updates ) world . as you can imagine with a new build , all the buildings/construction you have will be erased .
there are 6 different girlfriends , each giving cj a different perk upon 100% dating progress . you can see a detailed overview here , but summing up , they are : denise robinson millie perkins katie zahn : at the north east corner of the golf course in san fierro , katie is practicing martial arts near some bushes . you should be able to see her easily from the road . barbara schternvart : find the sheriffs building in el quebrados , the desert . she will be outside talking to someone . michelle cannes : enter the driving school and she can be found inside talking to someone . helena wankstein : go to the small town of blueberry and find ammunation . if she is there at that time , you will here her firing a gun at a target range beside ammunation up some steps . you meet denise and millie on required missions ( burning desire and key to her heart , respectively ) . the others you have to find .
you need to get a weapon with a large amount of disable damage . these are : - ion cannon - heavy ion cannon - heavy ion turret - emp grenades - medusa missiles then , you simply need to whale on the target ship with one of the above till the blue bar is filled up . the tutorial covers this as well . the best depends on what ship you are flying , but medusa missiles and their launchers are cheap , plentiful , and you can fit them on light ships . i would say go with them . if you do , make sure to do the missile tutorial to figure out how they work . references http://wiki.naev.org/wiki/disabling http://forum.naev.org/viewtopic.php?f=3t=706
it turns out that your friends can see how long you have been online for , roughly - " username - idle for seven hours " .
from what i understand , you have something like this : teal is the two t flip-flop , red is the mechanism modifying the state , and purple is the resulting output . in all the examples , the right t flip-flop will not be outputting a signal and the left t flip-flop will be outputting a redstone signal . wire on/torch off rather simply , a switch can be put in place to force this wire on and the torch off . wire off/torch on the pistons allow the t flip-flops to continue transmitting power to the output . when the switch is flipped off , the pistons retract , causing the line to disconnect and the wire to be in the off state , and the torch to be in the on state .
you probaly encountered a bug , as every member of the brotherhood of steel , just like soldiers of the us army they are descended from , wears a set of two holotags around their neck . they contain essential personal and medical information about the wearer and can be collected if the wearer is killed .
no . when designing trophy sets for ps3 games , one of the requirements is that all of the base trophies must be earnable without dlc . sony will not let developers publish games that do not meet this ( and many more ) requirements .
the way armor per hit works is weird . what i have noticed monitoringthe combat log and procs for this effect is like this : a hit from such a weapon starts a 5 second proc on the target . armor is subtracted from the target by the given amount if another hit lands within those 5 seconds the armor values fall further if you do not land a hit before the timer ends the armor is restored to their original values armor values can reach a minimum of 0 .
you need at least 100 experience points ( level 12 ) any your party president needs to approve your nomination for a congress . note that elections are held 25th every month .
they unlock characters . you unlock one character after 10 bandages and then another for every 20 that you collect beyond that up to 90 and then 10 more gets you the final unlock . the precise characters gained will vary depending on whether you are playing the xbox version or the pc version .
it means that the alien would normally be outside of the sight range and thus not a valid target , but the sniper can shoot at it because of the squadsight skill . it is the skill which allows a sniper to fire on targets which are outside of its view range when another soldier can see it . note that you still need an unobstructed line-of-fire for this to work .
as mentioned in other answers there does seem to be a priority system in place but i do not know of anyway to change that . however a possible way to help in your situation is to set your friend as your focus target and put your companions heal ability in a keybound quick slot . you set a focus target by selecting another character ( friend , enemy or npc ) and pressing alt-f ( the default binding ) . you will see you have a new player icon and health bar on your screen . now pressing end ( again , the default binding ) will cause your next ability to target your focus target . i have not tested but pressing end and then your companions heal would cast it on your target .
according to this guide , they can be eaten or given as a gift to angie
you can choose to disable individual missions . this will remove the mission marker from your hud , but the mission can still be completed . bring up your menu , then go to the missions tab ( or just press u ) . each mission should have an " inactive " button that appears when you put your mouse over it &mdash ; clicking that will hide its mission marker . to undo , simply click the button again . the indicator is in the upper left , the toggle in the lower right corner .
there are exactly two ways to get a crobat : get a golbat to 220 friendship , then level it up . trade for one . if it does not evovle , then it is not happy enough . the most efficient approach depends on how far you are from the target ; if you are very close , then a haircut might do the trick , or a grooming from daisy . you also need to take into account which generation you are actually playing : heartgold and soulsilver are 4th generation , and use different mechanics . assuming that you are really playing hg/ss , as your question title suggests , you can get a lot of friendship points very quickly if you have a steady supply of ev berries and money to burn on vitamins ; refer to bulbapedia for exact numbers . however , this necessarily disrupts any ev training you may have performed , so you have to determine if that approach is worth it . if you are able to dump your saved game , you can check the current friendship level exactly and plan the best strategy based on how far you have to go ; you can also approximate the friendship level ; the npc in goldenrod city near the bike shop is probably the most easily accessible one .
ship achievements can be won using the type b layout . in addition , if you already completed a ship achievement on easy mode , you can complete either of the two old achievements again on normal . source : testing in a personal play-through . here you can see the red-tail ( the secondary layout of the kestrel cruiser ) with only one hp remaining on the hull . . . . . . and then earning the tough little ship achievement when it is repaired .
the league wikia has a page explaining " removal of stacks , buffs or effects " . upon death , if the champion killed . . . had built up stacks on one of a handful of items , those effects are lost stacks lost upon death ( one third rounded up , unless otherwise noted ) mejai 's soulstealer leviathan sword of the occult the bloodthirster ( half ) cho'gath 's feast ( half ) in the " ways to prevent death when reaching zero health " section , effects that prevent you from dying always occur in a set order : zilean 's chrono shift guardian angel anivia 's rebirth " prevent death " should be interpreted literally . at 0 hp or less , guardian angel triggers and automatically brings your champion to 750 hp . even though there is a delay for the stasis animation where the champion is untargetable and invulnerable , the champion did not die . but i encourage somebody to record a video because that is the most convincing evidence .
your strategy is good for lower level pokemon . in black/white , a lower level pokemon will gain more exp than a higher level one when fighting the same pokemon . for higher levels you would be better off letting the pokemon ko opponents by itself , holding a lucky egg . if you are level 82 you should not have too much of a problem tackling the whole e4 . try and get a range of move types for coverage and you can probably ohko most pokemon . there is also the big stadium and small court in nimbasa city which have high level pokemon you can fight daily , cynthia appears in undella town in spring with level 75 pokemon , and with morimoto in the game freak building in castelia city with level 75s as well .
ok , well i am not sure of the exact cause of the multiple houses , but i can confirm that if one is completely eliminated they do not create another house . now , if you will excuse me i am off to do some " house " cleaning . after a bit more murder , it does look like i was able to set it back to 5 houses by murdering everyone :
on windows 7 , they are in Documents\My Games\XCOM - Enemy Unknown\XComGame\SaveData note that this applies to the steam install . according to helpful comments , it is the location is the same for the retail version ( and retail purchases apparently just provide steam keys ) .
holding ALT will turn all health bars on if you have them set to " off " or " selected , " and will turn all health bars off if you have them set to " on . " i do not think there is a way to use a keystroke to toggle in between " always " and " selected . " i think the best you can do is turn them always-on , and use ALT if you need to see or select something without health bars getting in the way .
there are many calculators out there that can figure out how much dps increase a primary stat , a single point of crit chance , attack speed , and crit hit damage will do for your character . it is beneficial to take all of them into consideration . some skills only take into account of weapon damage , and not dps . for that reason , you may want to consider average weapon damage instead . using the monk 's seven sided strike for example , even though a 1.0 attack speed 1k average damage hammer has the same dps as a 1.5 attack speed 667 average damage dagger , your sss will do a lot more damage with the hammer than the dagger . on top of that , there are many hidden attack speed thresholds for many skills that you may not know . there are very specific ias break points for many skills that can make a huge difference . for example , a ww tornado barbarian or a wicked wind wizard have specific target attacks per second for their main killing skills . even though your dps character sheet might show that you are ' losing ' some dps , your damage output may be increased if you hit one of those breakpoints . some builds rely on having high crit chance , such as the popular critical mass wizard build so you may want to prioritize crit chance over crit hit damage . lastly , when considering a weapon , ' black weapon damage ' is very popular as it comes into play when you have items that add % damage as elemental ( such as the stone of jordan ) . that is why those tend to be more expensive . and this is also why cold damage sojs are more valuable since a lot of people like it to add a snaring effect to their attacks .
no , unfortunately you can neither repair nor modify your vehicle . there is basically no need to repair vehicles , because you can simply " respawn " any vehicle you could have destroyed with the " car on demand " app . i have completed about half of the game and have not come across anything to modify a vehicle , but feel free to correct me if something comes up later . as lyrical already mentioned in a comment , you unlock new cars for the app by simply entering them . if it is the first time sitting in the type of vehicle , the message " new vehicle unlocked " will appear in the top right corner and then you can buy access to it in the app . another way to get cars ( often rarer ones ) is to hack civilians ' phones . to make this easier , you can unlock a skill in the " hacking " branch of the skill tree that marks civilians with especially valuable hacking opportunities ( including cars , songs , crimes and rich bank accounts ) with a blue square , so you can already see them from afar . the chance of finding vehicles that way is still rare though . hacking people 's phones is one of the few things you can do while waiting for a multiplayer session to start , so that is a good time to go searching for people with cars . a good way to unlock sports cars , is to play fixer contracts that require to race through the city with a given car ( which was already a sports car in the first mission i played ) . you can unlock new fixer contracts by hacking ctos towers , which reveals new missions and points of interest in the area . if you want a specific car from these missions , here is a list by segmentnext . com with fixer contracts and the vehicles you will be driving there .
there is no way to specifically search for gang hideouts . hack ctos centers and towers and hope thatremote profiling will reveal a gang hideout , or hack pedestrians and hope they will reveal a gang hideout .
edit : with the addition of pistons into minecraft , youtuber basxt came up with a very clever way to make an " item elevator " , using pistons . however , since pistons can only push 12 blocks at a time , you had need to make many of these elevators that pass the items off to each other in order to transport items a large distance upwards . begin original answer : there is no way to transfer items upwards . however , specific to your point about transporting items from a monster trap , you can instead move the mobs upwards and kill them above . youtuber ethoslab has a 4 part tutorial on how to make a mob trap . his system contains a tunnel that transports the mobs upwards , and the information he gives ( audio ) about it is very useful . part 1:
blizzard removed in-season demotions as a way of encouraging people to play more games without fear of demotion ( allegedly to increase competition within leagues ) . that being said , the league you are in is just a rough indication of your skill level and mmr ( match making rating ) . if you are in gold , there is nothing stopping you from playing players in bronze league , if your mmr drops that low . if you really want to demote yourself , you can do so by pressing the " leave league " button on the ladder page , or waiting until next season . info here : http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/blog/10117387/starcraft-ii-ladder-league-and-season-faq-5-31-2013
the peasant in question is almost certainly a werecreature . i recommend paying attention to the moon cycle , and going after it around new moon . if you try it at full moon it will probably eat you ; werecreatures are really tough in their creature forms . it is possible that it is an ordinary outlaw , but outlaws usually have enough weapon skills to gain a job title other than peasant . werecreatures only gain appropriate weapon skills ( biting , kicking , punching ) in their creature identity , so their cover identity might not have any useful skills . i think a necromancer , even one who got run out of town but did not get around to building an evil tower ( so he lives in a lair ) , would have gained a title and/or race modifier , so he would not show up as an ordinary human peasant . so that is probably not it . it is , of course , also possible that it is just a bug . if so , it is the first time i have heard of this one though . i have not played the new version yet , but i recall reading something in the dev notes about vampires and werewolves being able to disguise themselves as normal folk . is it possible that there is more to your peasant than meets the eye ? - edsobo in response to edsobo 's comment , vampires do not usually live in lairs ; when they are discovered they just move to another town and become a citizen somewhere else . werecreatures usually hide out in the wilderness though .
they moved it to ~user/library/application support/eve online/ since spotlight does not search the library folder , this was very hard to find . i have placed it here on gaming . stackexchange so it might help others .
from the faq thread in the official forum : how do i repair damaged ships ? ship repair themselves a certain percentage each turn they are in a friendly system , hero abilities and battle actions can also be used to repair . installed ship repair modules do repairs both in combat and on the galaxy map . specific tech can increase ship repair rate . they do repair themselves extremely slowly outside of battle , as far as i have observed . i tend to use the repair nano bot card during battle a lot to help keep my fleets at full health .
as the terraria wiki states , the wall of flesh does 50 melee damage on contact . you will be dragged toward it if you manage to get behind it and will be killed if you manage to escape .
some notes on boss fights in the earlier difficulties , this does not address hell and esp . inferno with the enrage timers . butcher position yourself with a clear path to the healing wells during the battle . if you are not boxed in on the other side of the room , you can quickly retreat and refill hp if needed . do not stand in the fire . he is really big and a melee boss , if the tile you are on starts burning either move around him or lead him to a safer place . ranged characters , team up with a melee class or use templar in single player . the follower will likely die often , but you can just run around for 30 sec till he rezzes . do not run away in a straight line ; as he can use ancient spear to catch you . he sometimes points a bit in the direction he will use ancient spear , which makes it easier to avoid . learn when to run away when the hammer is raised high and about to come down hard , there are other white mobs that have a similar tactic so you can practice on them instead of butcher . belial move away when you see a green warning similar to meteor , that is his poison ' meteor ' skill incoming his poison breath attack sometimes does not hit at the extreme ends of the platform , so try to run there if you notice it in time . azmodan take out the demon summoning platforms asap to prevent any adds from joining the fight . in a team , this should be done by ranged while melee keeps him occupied . when avoiding the black expanding circles , do not run too fast but retreat just outside of the circle . that way when he casts the next circle on you , it will overlap a lot with previous one and give you room to move around . if he is off-screen , do not stand in the same spot while attacking - this makes it easier for him to charge you . diablo expect him to teleport near you when he is off-screen , and be prepared to run away . in stage 1 and 3 in the main room , you have access to healing wells . in stage 2 , you have no wells : so stock up on your highest potion and make sure its the active stack . in the realm of terror , focus fire on a single target to take it out . the fog makes it harder to aim and see enemies quickly , so having an auto-aiming pet can help find them faster . general strategy for team play if an ally dies , try to lead boss away from the corpse so someone else can resurrect them . similarly , if you are about to die do not do so in the middle of the room where the boss can keep interrupting someone in rez attempts . the duration may be less , but the bosses can all be stunned etc . using fast attacks which stun/snare/slow enemies will make the fight much easier .
if i remember correctly this will just break your chain . it will not affect your mode meters or combos .
specialization is key to survival on higher difficulties where the opportunity cost of producing a new " thing " is very high . this does not mean you are going to completely ignore everything else and focus just on one thing per city , but it does mean you are going to change your city 's priorities based on the city 's specialization . starting out i tend to follow this formula : your first city should just generally be wherever you started . if you have got a starting military unit , explore your immediate surroundings with that unit before you move your settler . your settler can typically move one tile and found on the same turn , so if there is significant bonuses you can put within your potential borders one tile away , take them . your second city should be founded somewhere near production bonus tiles , like hills and forests . bonus points if you can land some sheep , cows , or horses , and double bonus points if you can find iron . finding iron takes science , which you might not have by the time you are ready to found your second city . your third city should be founded somewhere with significant gold potential . shore tiles are good for this ( but found on the coast so you can build the appropriate buildings to use them ! ) , and many resources also provide gold . do not worry too much about optimizing the distance between your cities - move a bit further away if you can get some significant bonus tiles or if your starting location does not have much in the way of nearby hills . better city locations are higher priority than squeezing every last tile into a city radius . rivers are pretty good to found next to , as there are some buildings that can only be built next to rivers , and there is typically an abundance of tiles that are good for food production . avoid expanses of tundra , snow , desert , or mountain tiles , as these are limited in their usefulness . beyond these three cities , you want to found new cities when you can secure a new luxury resource ( to offset the happiness hit ) , and hopefully at the same time secure new strategic resources or key areas of the map . found when you can defend the new city , and when you can absorb the happiness hit . specializing okay , with that out of the way , let 's discuss specialization . there are two key things you are going to do to specialize your cities : build specialized improvements with workers build specialized buildings worker improvements workers should prioritize building special improvements on special tiles whenever possible , especially luxury and strategic resources . beyond that , i tend to build one of four improvements : near all cities , build at least some farms . ideally , these should be near rivers or on flood plains . your capital should have more farms than the other cities , but every city should have at least 3 or 4 . near production cities ( like starting city #2 above ) , build mines or lumbermills - lumbermills unlock late , but they let you keep the forest production bonus , so it is worthwhile to leave at least a couple of tiles that have forests unimproved . hill tiles with forest are better off chopped down with mines on them . near your economic cities ( like starting city #3 above ) , build trading posts . the neat thing about trading posts is that they can be built on forest tiles without removing the forest . this gives you more production from the tile at the expense of food . workers also need to establish efficient road links between all your cities - this is key to gold production , and key to surviving a military incursion . city buildings your science cities ( ie , the capital ) should be focused on increasing population and science . many science buildings focus on the number of people in the city , so building things like granaries and aqueducts are key to boosting science output . likewise , you will not have much science without libraries or similar . your production cities ( ie , #2 ) should be focused on cranking out military units . thus , you need to build production increasing buildings ( workshop , factory , etc ) and military buildings ( barracks , armory ) . as the difficulty ratchets up , you are going to be more inclined to buy the buildings so that you can focus on military . without significant military , the ai will steamroll you for sure . your economy cities ( ie , #3 ) should focus on gold , gold , and more gold . markets , banks , etc . maintaining and increasing your population is a close second . just below that is science production . wonders will come along , and you should stick these in the cities that would benefit from stacking the bonuses . similarly , great people should be assigned to build their special tile improvement near the corresponding specialized city . i sometimes will consume extra scientists or engineers to rush key research or wonders , though . this is not to say that you should not build granaries or aqueducts everywhere - population is important . and happiness buildings should be everywhere as well . at least some culture production in each city can be beneficial . but i would urge you not to build a library in your production city , or a barracks in your economy city . these are just wastes of your production and gold per turn in some cases . if you get to the point where you have all the key buildings built everywhere , it is probably time to consider expanding if you can . that means some military production to defend your new borders , more workers and a new settler . if you get to the point where you can not expand any further , it is clobberin ' time . crank up military production and go to war . as the game progresses , your starter cities will start to flourish and may be able to take on a more general role . if/when this happens depends on the difficulty to a large degree . at lower difficulties , you will find yourself massively overpowered very quickly , while at higher difficulties your military cities will probably crank units from start to finish . but . . . but . . . you might think " but i did not build barracks in most of my cities , my units will be terrible ! " - that is ok ! build siege units that will be racking up xp at your military/production cities , and build front line infantry meat grinder units at the others . you are going to lose units in a war , and keeping your low-cost " green " units at the front lines is a smart way to play . there is also the concern of not building markets or libraries everywhere . these seem like no-brainers , but the impact of building them tends to be small outside of the cities that are designed to use them . for instance , a market in a city with no trading posts is a waste . similarly , if you have not maxed out your population , a library is going to produce a minuscule amount of science . there is also the " city focus " toggle , which i tend to ignore except in extenuating circumstances . generally i would suggest just leaving it at " balanced " unless you are rushing production on something important ( ie , military units or a wonder ) or you are trying to avoid growth to halt the happiness penalty . an example i started up a game at an advanced age so that i could demonstrate how i select city locations for my first two " specialist " cities . my capital is constantinople ( not istanbul ) , and it is in a pretty good spot . i have got wine , marble , and iron , with some ivory nearby . it is also right on a river with a good amount of different tiles . this was my starting spot , and i give it a thumbs up . now i have got to pick two more spots . here 's the situation to my north and south : north of the capital south of the capital i have circled in red the tiles i have picked as being good candidates . to my north , i have got pearls and some more iron , but there is not a real good amount of hills or forests . it is a decent spot , to be sure , and no doubt i will settle here eventually . northwest is some hills , but mostly it is desert . there is not a lot to recommend it . directly to my east there is just a vast plain with not a lot going on . i want to find some luxury or strategic resources to found near in addition to finding a " good spot " so i will probably pass on this for now . southwest seems promising . here i have got extensive hills and forests , plus stone , sheep , horses , and dyes . this is a pretty good location for my second city . i would like a couple more hill tiles , but this will do . to the southeast , i have another river , with wine , ivory , and eventually stone and deer . i would like it better if i did not already have wine and ivory , but perhaps i can sell the excess for some easy gold . from here , i will probably expand east as happiness permits . farther to the northeast i have got an area overflowing with iron , which will make a decent second military/production city . i might take some of the land to the north as well , but this is lower priority so close to my capital - it is unlikely anyone can claim this and defend it successfully . if i can claim some land in the early game , that will make the later game a bit easier . my strategy tends to be conquer , conquer , conquer , so as long as i can carve out 4 or 5 cities , i am probably good .
you are punished for changing the game time ( no matter how much , it seems ) , but not the system time . here 's what happens : if you change the time on your 3ds system , animal crossing seems to simply think that is the time it is now . trees grow , events change , the only " bad " things that happen would have happened with the flow of time . even going back in time via this method seems to work okay , even when going to a day previously played . if you change the game time , using the option at the main menu of animal crossing , you will randomly trip for a while after changing the clock . the duration of tripping seems to last longer than the current play session , possibly the full day ? but it eventually goes away . if , however , you were to change the game time this way before every play session you would trip randomly every single session , which is highly frustrating . also note that going backwards in time will spoil any turnips you had , since the game knows you went backwards , while it does not know you went forwards if you go by the system clock . tl ; dr : change your 3ds 's system time to time travel , do not mess with the in-game clock regularly or will will randomly trip .
mosquito bites are not " harmful " as the game has no hp system and you cant die or anything like that . however , as stated by alex , it prevents you from catching them . residents may also have a new dialogue with you . getting bitten by one also attracts more of them ( creating an annoying cycle of stings ) you can avoid mosquitos rather easily , they have a short ' aggro ' range and you can hear them coming ( high pitched buzzing ) . they are also very slow moving , so they are easy to catch ( once you spot them that is ) . in short , they are just annoying . they only appear summer evenings , though , so be a bit more careful during this timeslot .
apparently from this site there are some clues at how to get them . having been through 50 something battles on my play through , i have only had a single one and i believe " critical strike " can only occur when you are at a disadvantage , as these are the only times i have heard of other people getting them . basically the critical strike is a thing that can kick in when you are on the losing side to still allow you to win , even when you have fewer soldiers . when mine happened , i was at a disadvantage and had been brought down to only a few hundred less than my opponent . i do not know what the limits are for it , but i assume you have to be on the losing side for it to kick in . as for whether or not it can happen to you , my experience would say no . -myft i have had it happen twice . both times had all the following true : have one win and one loss . be on the third battle . be just a few hundred miis below the opponent after the evaluation . it then glowed and critical striked for me . - lordgeovanni later the person who asked this very same question gets the critical strike . he says : well , i managed to get it . i was facing an army more than 1.5 times my size , lost the 1st round , won the 2nd , and then i had just barely more soldiers for the third round but was at a paper covers rock disadvantage , and then the critical strike kicked in to save my bacon . so you have to be at a disadvantage in order for the critical strike to work .
yes , these answers will affect how fast your character will gain levels during the game . the three different results possible are : gaining levels at an average / standard rate throughout the game gaining levels quickly early in the game , and then slower later in the game gaining levels slower early in the game , and then quickly later in the game the result depends on how you answer . based on your answers , you will gain levels at an average speed throughout the game . there is a more detailed chart here .
the decoy grenade will cause the enemy to hear gunfire sounds ( based on the thrower 's strongest weapon ) as well as having a little popup on their radar showing the presence of an enemy . its mostly to trick the enemy into thinking that you are somewhere else and that they are being shot at . its not too useful if you are already entirely silent and sneaking up on an enemy though .
try crouching or jumping . if you can not uncrouch or jump , well , there is a spy sitting on your head . note that if you crouch and you were not crouching before , the spy will probably notice the change and run for it , so jumping might be best .
resolve is a system to counter crowd control ( cc ) abilities in pvp . this meter builds up as more cc is put upon you , when it reaches a certain point this allows the player to be resolved in his motives and he becomes immune to cc for 8 seconds . this meter is viewable by anyone . so you have to be careful to see that your opponent does not have a near full or full resolve meter . this allows for heavy cc builds to be used in their full extent in pvp .
yes , it is different . episodes from liberty city only contains the expansions ballad of gay tony + lost and damned . it does not contain the storyline from the original gta iv . i would assume the size is so large because it includes most everything from the original game . the xbox 360 expansions both weigh in at 2gb+ by themselves . the expansions make use of most of the entire city and have all the same vehicles , guns plus more .
judging from my experiences with the demo , no . you face the same number of enemies whether you have one or three people with you -- and going in undermanned can be very spectacularly fatal .
yes . and , unlike in mass effect 2 , these powers are unlocked very soon after earning the squadmates to begin with . it is unclear as of yet if every loyalty power survived between the two games , but the concept still exists , as do the specialty power of individual squadmates ( i.e. . , armor piercing ammo for garrus ) .
at this point , none of the gba ambassador games are released . there are a few of the nes releases that have hit the eshop for general purchase - super mario bros , donkey kong jr . , the legend of zelda , metroid , nes open tournament golf , and legend of zelda ii ( to be released in november ) . as of yet , the gba games have not been released , and it does not appear that they will be any time soon - according to this press release , they are concentrating on game boy , game boy color , and nes titles for now . nintendo may decide at a later date to add gba titles for download ( as they did with a few game gear titles ) , but as of this time , it does not appear that they have any plans to do so any time in the near future , choosing instead to focus on first party titles for the 3ds such as paper mario , luigi 's mansion , etc , and vc titles from older systems that predate the gba .
you must collect every little purple block ( as berg mentioned in their answer ) in chapters 1 - 16 . i detailed where every piece is in this answer . when you collect them all , you must align them in the " puzzle " . when a piece is in the correct space , it will start glowing . the final result is : iwasbornintheusa this will end up unlocking different dialog ( a secret ending ) at the end of chapter 19 , if you examine the computer before taking the ladder down .
thanks to johnoboy , the solution to sony 's ridiculous money region lock is twofold : masking your ip to make it look like it is coming from us . i did it with vpn , which is the most secured way to do it since your are accessing your private psn account that also contains your credit card information . i do not recommend proxy servers because some free proxy servers keep log of people 's information and sell them to third party . it could help others to compromise your psn account and your credit card . add funds through sen website under " account -> wallet " . this new online feature is probably the most useful thing that sony did to their dinosaur psn website . an alternative is to buy psn cards codes from amazon* or maximus cards . they both email you the code instantly and thankfully sony do not region lock the psn card . * note : amazon only require you to provide a us billing address , even with a non-us card . this has been tested by johnoboy . the plus side with amazon is that they do not charge extra on top of the face value of the psn card . they actually give you 1 cent off . maximus cards on the other hand charges $2.49 ~ $8.59 extra for a single card , depending on the face value of the card you are buying .
primary stats are based on the equipment slot . for amulets the highest possible primary stat ( str , dex , vit , int ) is 350 . for an updated list on every possible stat check out this webpage : http://www.d3rmt.com/guides/diablo-3-item-stat-maximum-values/#primary-stats
every class shares a level ; it is not split between individual soldiers . this means , every time you unlock a new class , race , or gender , you are only starting from level 1 if you have never played as them before .
ammo boxes are essentially a source of cheap bulk ammo . if you will notice , each one mentions that it is a particular kind of ammunition . if you buy an ammo box , drop it on the ground , and then interact with it ( not sure if there is a smoother way to do this , but it is how i figured it out ) , you will get a whole lot of ammunition . for reference , the box of bulk energy cells sold by chet in goodsprings contains 100 cells . unfortunately , being bulk ammo , each one does 85% of normal damage . good enough for cash-strapped couriers , but far from ideal . also , be sure to distinguish ammo boxes from ammo cases - the latter are weightless , and are used in crafting for the production of new and specialty ammo .
while surfing the ( super slow ) playstation website , you can come across game pages , for example , this one for uncharted 3 . if you look at the right hand side of the page , you will see this box : if you click any of the marked links here , you will add them to your wish list and/or games list : you can find game pages using the search function on the column on the left
you can purchase additional medi-gel capacity from the siirta foundation kiosk in huerta memorial hospital . there are 5 ranks , of increasing price available . each gives +1 to total medigel .
no . rainy weather reduces day-time light-levels to 12 at mid-day , which is not low enough to spawn monsters . this 3-point decrease does mean that , as twilight falls , it will be darker sooner and monsters will spawn just that bit earlier—but of course , it is not " day " anymore at that point . however ! thunderstorms have a light level of 7 at mid-day , meaning that monsters will spawn then . that is just one more reason to not go walking around when lightning is crashing down .
emberscratch mines - are your best bet at meeting goblins its main enemy type in there act i - frosted hils - dugeon if you travel back there from act ii all enemies will respawn
unfortunately , sneaky one shots are people using daggers ( i use war axes from time to time as well ) for the most part , not bows . however , assuming the confirmed knowledge that you will never be able to drop all your targets in one hit has not stopped you from wanting to pursue an archer here are some pointers to consider . sneak attacks are your openers . just like an assassin doing a backstab , picking your initial location to start an engagement is key . being able to slow your target is going to give you that much more time to deal with them . consider the poisons that eriuzo mentioned but more so , consider enchanting your bow with the highest charge lowest duration frost you can get . with fast draw and good aim ( which will get better the more you use it ) , you should be constantly pelting your target . also consider the paralyze enchantment in similar use to the frost above , you might want to fiddle with charges vs duration a bit more with this one however . still go max sneak perks , as you will want to often be at range the entire time and being able to drop into a sneak to break targeting will be very helpful . remember that mobility is going to be very key for you , do not neglect stamina ! if you find running around and shooting too tedious and just want to stare them down with your bow , remember you can block/bash with your bow . . consider getting some of those perks to make your shoves matter more . just as the mages ' impact perk is important for staggering , so too is the archery 50/50 stagger perk . seek out +bow gear as soon as you can , every little bit helps . ( there is some in the dark brotherhood and its fairly short to get to , unlike the horse which seemed to take forever to get the second time around : ) ) consider high perked pick pocketing . . the best arrows in the game are fairly annoying to come by . some of the ways to generate these arrows better are to go to places where people practice archery and steal all their arrows , especially their active one , and then give them a single daedric arrow . . they will then shoot out an infinite number of these that you can simply pick up off the target . note that i am still torn about this as this is -a lot- of perk points just to get arrows . . . id almost say go to the fletcher , buy the arrows , save the game , kill the fletcher , reload the game and start the loop over as a more ' acceptable ' way to overcome this . because possible enchantments on your weapon can play a pretty big part of how your character does what it does , consider doing the quest for azura 's star and turning it into the black star . right now it can accept any soul and if you are taking out a bandit camp you can recharge every weapon fairly quickly with a grand soul they give you . edit : technically , there is a way within the game rules to make a bow powerful enough to one shot anything . . . but it is rather game breaking if you abuse the loop too much . through alchemy and enchanting you can boost your smithing skill in an infinite loop . people have made weapons and armor with stats so high that it flips the internal value into the negatives ( so , higher than 2.1 billion ) . the technique to do this is commonly called the restoration loop
kappei 's right , alderaan now has an unusual crystal formations that each yield a rough magenta crystal shard . these formations do not show up as resource nodes on the map . to get a pristine adegan crystal from one of these rough magenta crystal shards , use the ancient crystal tuning device at ( -136 , +892 , +88 ) in the forge on tython ( this is near the matrix shard datacron ) . for imperials , there is a tuner on korriban at the far west end of the lower wilds behind a wall : ( +176 , +4 , -182 ) ( thanks cwsample ) . see how do i get a magenta lightsaber crystal ? for how to use these pristine crystals ! there are three separate nodes with two or three spawn locations each . the spawn time is two hours ( separate for each node , like all resource nodes ) and each node rotates through the spawn locations linearly ; it is not random . node 1 , cliffside on the south fornak river in kaamos territory : ( +1350 , -1300 , +310 ) ( +1312 , -1315 , +262 ) you need to jump down the hillside to get to it ; if you start off at the wrong spot use /stuck to reset to the top of the hill rather than needing to go around and up it again . this first screenshot is at the first set of coordinates , with the second set circled : map view : node 2 , hills near the organa medical camp in the juran mountains : ( +1187 , -443 , +273 ) ( +1299 , -564 , +264 ) first spot : second spot : node 3 , rocks beside the steps into the thul palace courtyard in the juran mountains : ( +1087 , -1029 , +259 ) ( +1076 , -1033 , +267 ) ( +1093 , -1034 , +265 ) here you can see me at one spawn point with the other two circled :
you can just delete them from the drive . go to system , and then choose settings ( when at the my xbox channel , it is the far right item iirc ) , then storage , and select memory unit or hard drive ( or whatever storage device the console is using ) . there should be list of the types of items stored there , one of which is profiles . select that , then delete each one .
no - the leader mod does not influence experience gained from handing in quests , as discussed on the gearbox forum . the experience gained from this bonus is pretty much limited to experience from killing enemies .
the maximum level you can gain is 40 . this gives you 120 maximum ability points as you get 3 pre-picked ones in the beginning ( as pointed out by ravendreamer ) and 3 with each level up . this can be confirmed by a hands-on preview that appeared on nzgamer feb . 1st . also by this image from the in-game manual :
they are standardized down/up to level 50 in wi-fi battles , and the battle maison will round them down ( not up ) to level 50 . unless there is a setting to battle without rounding that i am unaware of , there is no point to leveling over 50 except for npc fights in-game or to learn moves acquired at level 51+ . there is no difference in ev bonuses or other stat changes due to level . i regularly fight with level 100 and level 50 pokemon in battle maison and wifi , their stats are scaled as if they were both 50 .
the sage trophy/achievement was apparently broken in update 1.02 , see later comments here and this forum post . there are currently no workaround aside from deleting the game data and trying to trigger the trophy again , either by loading a save where you do not have all the books and collecting them all or by attempting this on a fresh save . hopefully a patch will be available soon which will fix this .
they do not have a rating , and they are always shown as neutral . i am pretty sure their rating scales only show up because it is a part of the character sheet that they do not have something else to display there , although they could be adding it to later versions of the game as well . there was some original talk of the kind of crew missions you sent them on affecting the rating but that obviously has not/will not be implemented . ( diplomacy missions only affect your own rating . ) note however that your companions are limited by your alignment . they can not use items that do not match your character 's alignment .
dragonvale used to have major load-time issues , so make sure you are on the latest version . it used to load the game twice , and it reloaded every time another app opened . i do not think ios 5.1 is required for the latest updates , but i would still recommend it . however , it sounds like your specific problem is because " loading " dragonvale actually happens from their servers ; it is thus dependent on your internet connection speed . slow internet will cause slow dragonvale loading . playing it at home on wifi is probably the best way to make sure the game loads quickly , but it still depends on your internet speed .
according to this source , " you get a standing loss equal to the standing you would have gained if you accepted and completed the mission " within the critical 4 hours scope . . . i have no idea how confident you can be with this information , as the source is not an official document ( even if part of the official eve wiki ) . a good part of the standing math is explained here , if you do not already know this page . good luck , and i hope i did not help a caldari state agent today . . . : )
it does require you to go into the console and enable the xbox controller . i have got it working fine on my game , i just need to figure out how to customize it because currently it is not allowing me to swap weapons via controller . go here for more info : using an xbox 360 controller with source games
to unlock achievements on steam you need to play online on trendynet , as long as it is on trendynet it does not matter if you are alone or with other people . there is also a small deley from unlocking them in game till they show up on steam .
you can complete this during the n7 mission cerberus abduction , the mass effect wiki has a brief " walkthrough " . note if you are lazy or miss the dog tags ( the evidence you need ) you can just buy them later on . from the wiki : on the n7: cerberus abductions mission , look for dogtags on the ground near a pillar where your first objective is . return to the citadel and give the dogtags to dominic osoba to finish the quest . if you miss the dogtags during n7: cerberus abductions you can purchase the dogtags from the spectre operation room for 1000 credits and then present them to osoba to complete the mission .
party members in the back row cannot attack enemies , unless : they are wielding a melee weapon that is labelled as a " reach weapon " , e . g one of the spears those skellingtons drop . they are a rogue with 12 points in the assassination skill , which lets them attack from the back row . they are not wielding melee weapons , but are using ranged weapons ( like rocks , bows and arrows , throwing knives , or spells ) so , in order to make sure all your party members can attack : put spear-shakers or rock-hurlers in the back row , and bare fists or melee weapons in the front . if you had a character in the back row with a reach weapon who still could not reach an enemy , then something weird is going on ; maybe the enemy was too far away in general ? there might be some more mechanics involving reach weapons ( like maybe a character in the front with a spear can attack at a greater distance than normal ) that could be giving you the wrong impression about effective weapon ranges .
here is a translated document of the combo moves . . . oh edo combo guide combo name facility facility facility yield price total cost snack udon shop soba shop stew cart 15％ 10％ 240g flower dumpling s . cherry tree pond 18％ 5％ 460g sweets bun shop bean soup dumpling sh 15％ 10％ 210g plum pub rice shop plum tree 20％ 10％ 350g kamakura daibutsu bun shop hydrangeas 24％ 16％ 890g lunch rice shop tempura sh . greengrocer 20％ 8％ 340g noodle udon shop soba shop tempura sh . 10％ 5％ 300g refresh public bath bucket shop nature* 10％ 6％ 210g+nature cart stew cart merchant c . nature* 10％ 5％ 160g+nature medicine school medicine s . nature* 15％ 10％ 420g+nature jizo jizo statue straw hat nature* 10％ 10％ 340g+nature rice rice shop bun shop nature* 5％ 10％ 170g+nature lucky kimono shop cat statue nature* 10％ 15％ 700g+nature mountain dumpling s . jizo statue nature* 8％ 8％ 320g+nature hangover stew cart pub nature* 10％ 5％ 230g+nature study school library nature* 10％ 10％ 450g+nature warrior samurai ho . 5-rf tower nature* 10％ 5％ 2600g+nature hairpin general st . kimono shop nature* 10％ 12％ 400g+nature archive jizo statue library nature* 15％ 5％ 410g+nature beauty public bath bucket shop general st . 15％ 10％ 310g sunny park jizo statue fire alarm 12％ 10％ 470g shipping general st . greengrocer medicine sh 12％ 10％ 300g fried tempura sh . bun shop udon shop 12％ 10％ 270g fiery fire stati . fire alarm well 25％ - 880g fun zoo kabuki the . 5-rf tower 20％ 5％ 3400g scholar school samurai ho . library 25％ 5％ 1650g literary library library ukiyoe shop 15％ 10％ 900g training weapon shop dojo notice boa . 20％ 10％ 1080g edomae sushi shop fireworks tempura sh . 20％ 12％ 550g steamy pine tree hot spring boulder 25％ 10％ 1930g import elekiter camera shop zoo 25％ 25％ 2800g fortune cat statue case shop shrine 25％ 10％ 1300g komon case shop sandal shop straw hat 20％ - 680g kyoto samurai ho . 5-rf tower kimono shop 20％ 15％ 2950g gambler gambling s . pawn shop pub 5％ 25％ 550g corrupt magistrate fancy rest . bun shop 10％ 10％ 2050g ghost well willow tree wooden path 15％ - 295g healthy greengrocer merchant c . medicine s . 15％ 10％ 280g traveler sandal shop straw hat carriage s . 25％ 15％ 680g battle turret cannon weapon sh . 30％ 10％ 850g** playboy gambling s . kimono shop kabuki the . 20％ 20％ 1400g vehicle stables handcart s . carriage s . 20％ 25％ 1700g clothes kimono shop large store fancy rest . 16％ 15％ 1550g princess carriage s . kimono sho fancy rest . 21％ 15％ 1850g samurai magistrate castle samurai ho . 25％ 15％ 5200g*** karosft kairo statu banana tree scarecrow 35％ 35％ 4476g *like trees , boulders , the fire alarm , or scarecrow . **most cost-effective combo for high yield ! ***most expensive combo for its yield . if you are looking for tips on combo stacking/chaining , check out http://kairospot.net/community/threads/10x-combo-on-castle.1414/ ( the thread is entitled 10x combo on castle . )
when a political prisoner appear , they usually will be being robbed by some thug . you can tell the difference by just watching who is afraid and who is not . so it is fair to assume that everyone is bad until proven contrary .
it is not hard at all if you take these steps . in fact , if you do the following you can not even set them off accidentally ( unless you jump or knock something over ) . press caps lock , or whatever key you have mapped for " toggle walk " , to switch from fast movement to slow movement . crouch . shuffle over to the mine while crouched . highlight the mine . press whatever key you have mapped to " activate object " . this will disable the mine . if you want to take the mine , " activate object " again .
yes , you can . you will only lose money and building time . in particular , destroying and rebuilding alien containment is a way to kill all aliens in it , so you had have their corpses for the grey market or council requests . this is the only way to kill of duplicate aliens , as you can interrogate particular kind of alien only once . duplicate aliens just sit in the alien containment forever , providing no added value whatsoever .
retro levels are " secret " levels that can only be found by finding a yellow " game cartridge " in certain levels , as seen below ( the picture corresponds to 1-4 , which is windy interlude ) . these are essentially " bonus " levels . they do not affect what score you get in the level you can find the portals . once you find a " retro " level in a certain level , you can always revisit it on the main map screen by pressing " k " . there are also 25 of them out there . collect ' em all !
this will answer any pokémon font related questions you have . this details the various fonts used in game with links to download ttfs for each . the one you are after appears to be labelled as ' pokémon d/p/pt ' , fifth down on the list . additional variations of these fonts from other games in the series from a variety of platforms can be found here .
planets in different/later sectors can have different allocations of ore , as well as different biomes not available in the alpha sector . note that the ore distribution differences can be a double edged sword - if you are doing something that needs iron ( say , you downloaded a new mod that requires iron for its crafting station ) but your home planet is in delta or x sector , you are quite unlikely to find it in any reasonable quantities . you will also be unable to build your planet on a tentacle or magma planet in alpha sector , because they are not present there . the flipside to this , however , is that on lower-level planets ( like in alpha sector ) , you are at considerably less risk of murder , mutilation , and mayhem caused by the local wildlife . even impervium armor only goes so far on threat level 10 planets in sector x , but it will basically invalidate the threat of enemies in alpha sector .
the research lab contains a list of all completed research . this includes the research item that is unlocked from interrogating aliens . if you consult the completed research list , you should be able to determine who you still need to interrogate by process of elimination .
in order to get the liana jungle award , you need to plant 30 liana trees . you get $7000 and 500xp for completing this . this is where i found my answer : paradise island awards
while it is perfectly fine to mix armor types , there are some elements in the game intented to make you identify with one type over the other . armor perks - light armor perks only apply to light armor . heavy armor perks only apply to heavy armor . some perks farther up these trees require full four-piece sets ( head , chest , hands , feet ) . if you are wearing armor pieces for armor rating - you will probably get some of these perks . it is more point-efficient to focus on one tree instead of two . levels - when wearing mixed armor types , you will get skill points toward both . these skill points can help you level faster . however , it is questionable whether these extra points help you survive fights better . you run a small risk of out-leveling your ability to survive ( but there are many mechanisms in the game to counter this possibility ) . armorsmithing perks - these perks increase the amount of addition armor rating you get when improving your gear at the workbench . this additional armor can be very significant . it is more point-efficient to go up one side of the tree or the other . by choosing one side of the tree , you are choosing which armors you want to be better at improving . to make a good armor selection decision , there is much to consider : consider the primary attributes of armor : armor rating and weight . rating is why you want armor . it reduces physical damage taken . weight is a big obstacle ( less loot , less weapons , less potions ) . if you go without a helmet , you do not get armor rating from that slot . how much armor rating do you lose by that choice ? does the weight reduction ( and magic bonus ) make up for that ? can you compensate for the armor rating loss with an alteration spell ? consider the secondary effects of armor : reduced movement , increased staggering , increased noise . do you have ways to compensate for those problems ? are you prepared to trade away armor rating to solve those problems instead ? a good player can see the three paths ( caster , light , heavy ) , see how the perks lead into those paths , and discern the tradeoffs when straying from those paths . it is fun to leave the obvious paths , but it is not fun to feel ineffective .
the greyed out servers are cause by a version mismatch of the dayz mod . from your screenshot you can see that the latest version of dayz is 1.7.2.4 , while the greyed out servers are still on 1.7.2.3 the version listed in the column is the arma 2 version .
enabling that option will cause the game to use direct3d 11 as it is rendering api . by default , the game should use direct3d 9 . direct3d is a library used to access the graphics card and perform the hardware-accelerated rendering that basically every modern game requires . d3d9 is an older version of the api , but up until recently was almost always the default because it would run on many more machines . d3d11 is a more modern version of the library with newer features , and can provide improved visual fidelity . it may also affect performance ( positively or negatively , depending on how the game uses it and what hardware you have ) . to use d3d11 features you need vista or better and a d3d11-capable graphics card . if you only have vista or better , a game may still allow you to use d3d11 the api , but it will not be able to actually use any of the features of d3d11 ( since you had be using d3d11 with one of the 9 . x feature levels ) .
yes , it will get harder . i waited a few months on my first play through and was fighting cyberdiscs , cryssalids , and a few mutons . on my second play through i went right away for the panic reduction and 2-3 cryssalids were the highest level enemy i fought . strategically if you can wait and use the assault to reduce panic when you need it , that would be useful .
so , if you have hit the 4 buttons you have mentioned , and battled riku , than there is not any more buttons you need to hit in the dungeon . i can not specifically remember the buttons you are referring to , but in looking online , it seems you were not the only one to notice them . but , they do not seem to be reachable , and they do not unlock anything anyway , so you can just forget about them . they are decoration . do not forget to get the other items in there though ( notably a blue trinity and i believe 3 chests ) .
this is your ranking . when you complete a cup , you get a ranking based on your points and your time ( and possibly other factors such as how many times you fell off or hit opponents with items ) . the best ranking is three stars , followed by two stars , one star , a , b , c , d , and finally e ( i believe ) . the best ranking you have ever achieved in a cup is recorded for each cc , so if you redo the 50cc mushroom cup and get three stars , that will replace the one star . getting higher rankings is not required to do anything in the game , but once you gain rankings of one star or better for every cup on every cc , the game will display one star alongside your name in races . same for two and three stars .
assuming a 2 human one covenant . part 1 human 1- 6-8 flammer , go to covenant and wait til arby arrives . burn suicide grunts . if arbiter aggressively rages pop replacement units . dont go crazy with the flammers because they become useless as soon as the first rush ends . unless you can occupy walls or run to hooks ie reactors . u are responsible for 3 power either way . you must get this , when the first rush is winding down you must replace barracks with vechicle depot human 2- commit to warthogs til u get 6 . clear an expansion , then go to forge ( he will have 4 and will have cleared a base ) find expansion . save 600 for debomb as soon as arby arrives . have it ready to go as if you are slow he will smoke 3 or 4 warthogs . you can also go ahead and drop it in anticipation of his arrival . the most important thing is . . . . stop the expansion . covenant- this assumes a brute or arby- go weak rush no upgrades to distract one of the arbys . focus is on getting up vampires . without vamps banshees will overwhelm . part 2- human 1- must make judgement call . . . did you beat back the 1st rush without a teammate getting beat too bad or not . either you should go tanks if covenant looks good for vamps or pop 3 wolves and then go tanks . tempting to go expand but the most important thing is supporting your teammates expansion from the banshees/arbys . human 2- if you were able to stop or kill the expansion then it is all about your ability to get your expansion up faster than the forge . it is very dicey because they will also be looking for your expansion . the banshees will be the big threat . hopefully you still have some warthogs . go tanks but rush to power turret . covenant- count on losing units to the arbys but you must own the skys . be careful with your stasis dont stasis just one unit . if you need $ hit up human 1 for a bump .
yes , they can and will still continue to target/fire . be alert when moving through the smoke , as enemies will continue to fire through it , and the positions and numbers of enemies on the other side can change dramatically . http://masseffect.wikia.com/wiki/centurion i do not have any specific details on if it affects their aim , but i doubt it does .
that , would be a useful feature , but alas no . you can view weapons and upgrades at a weapon upgrade bench , and you can view armor parts at an armor station . there is no inventory that displays everything or even just quest items . it is very annoying in that respect .
it is your current amount of medi-gel the use of the logo is more obvious when you look at medi-gel dispenser and medi-gel boxes .
no , the tools are too limited . you have only 5 filter options available : the mana gem cost : 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 or 7+ the search box ( finds all cards with the word , so " murloc " finds hungry crab ) the set ( more on this later ) show only golden cards include soulbound cards ( shows more cards ) if you want to find cards you can craft which you are not yet able to play , you need to do the following : set filters to : all mana gems , empty search box , expert set , do not show only golden cards , do not include soulbound cards . examine each card . if you have 0 , the card will appear blue . if you have 1 , there will not be a x2 tag . there should be a x2 tag on all the non-golden cards unless ( a ) the card is legendary ( you only get one ) or ( b ) you have additional gold versions of the card bringing you to 2 total . change filter to promo set repeat step 2 there is no need to check the basic set , reward set or the naxxramas set as all non-golden cards in these sets are soulbound ( cannot be crafted ) . do check the include soulbound cards filter if you are examining these sets .
there is no skill that has an area of effect large enough to cover all 8 squares of the 2x4 configuration of enemies in the cave of ordeals 4 . it will take you a minimum of two characters to clear coo4 . here are some skills with very large area of effect : winged slayer ( sword ) : ( 3x3 ) dimension slash ( sword ) : ( 1x5 ) big bang ( fist ) : ( 3x3 ) magic ( any ) : up to 3x3 coo4 is still the best level to gain levels fast . the official disgaea 2 strategy guide by doublejump books has a very long procedure for power leveling . here are the high points : make some level 1283 or higher nekomatas by combining , capturing them , and repeating . unlock the ability to create carmillas . in the dark world 5-2 , kill the two carmillas closest to the base , and the geo clone symbol . wait turns for the level 1300 carmilla to get to l2197 . kill 2 level up geo symbols , and wait 1 more turn . attack the carmilla to weaken her ; hold her up during round ends to avoid her gaining any more levels . send your l1283 nekomata back into the base panel and then throw in the carmilla to capture her . repeat the above step as necessary to get to level 9999 carmillas . capture as many of the level 9999 carmillas as you want , and reincarnate them into space knights ( boost your int with all your bonus points ) . max out an armsmaster specialist at 1900 . same for manager ( 300 ) , mentor ( 300 ) , broker ( 300 ) and professional ( 100 ) . also make a firefighter , aeronaut or cryophile at 100 - whichever matches your skull . also make a maxxed out lovers for both magicians and magic knights . also make 10 level 19998 nerds . ( the guide notes that this is the tedious step . ) make a skull in your favorite element ( fire in this example ) . equip the skull with your best staff . everything else should increase his sp . put all of the specialists above on his equipment . teach you skull tera-fire , and then cast tera-fire on an enemy immune to fire until tera-fire is at level 52 . this is best done on an attack+x panel . reincarnate the skull into a genius space knight . switch out the lover on the newly-minted space knight 's equipment . pass all stronger enemy bills in the senate . spend a couple of hours soloing the new space knight in cave of ordeals 4 to reach level 9999 . ( seriously , that is the short version . ) at the final step , and every other step where non-monsters need to level up , coo4 is the place to go .
you have to build a lumber mill to get the laurel wreath
it is been a while since i have played that fight , but i hope my memory serves me well enough for some tips ; ) concentrate on the archers first . you can not block their shots and once they hit you you are open for attack , making them such a priority target , that you can easily justify getting hit a bit trying to get them . i forgot if you can climb up to them , if not use throwing knifes . one or two should be enough to kill one . if you have got one , you should be able to get something between you and the second one so he can not hit you . when facing the melee fighters , never forget that putting yourself in a corner or near a wall will reduce the amount of enemies you have to fight . also if you can break free , you can run in circles for a while , regnerating health synchronization . the following youtube user chose a different path ; he just ran away to a more favorable fighting spot :
after a long time with no answers and being unable to find one myself ( and mostly having not played the game a ton ) i would have to say there is no in game way of doing it . i have heard important plot npc characters will send you a message or something if you do not do anything with the plot in awhile but can not really confirm that .
i have made mistakes like this in the game too and usually if i leave for a while and return much later everyone returns to friendly mode . if you only pick pocketed then it could be a glitch .
it is been my experience ( with lydia only , i am afraid ) that followers using their default bow will shoot unlimited copies of the most powerful arrow in their inventory ; give her a better bow , however , and she will start using up her inventory 's arrows . ( to clarify : if you give her x arrows of any type ( where x > 1 ) , she will consume them until there is only 1 left , and then will continue to shoot that type of arrow without ever running out . even if she has additional arrows of poorer quality , she will always use the best arrow available to her , and always in this fashion -- assuming she is using her default bow , of course ! ) this is also backed up by forum posts such as this one ( admittedly not entirely clear from this example , but was the best i could find ) . note that this does not just work for followers -- a great way to get as many arrows as you want is to reverse-pickpocket an arrow onto one of the game 's practicing npc archers , such as the soldiers in solitude or the guys in the thieves guild : put just one daedric arrow in their inventory , then go sit by the target and collect as many as you have the patience to wait for ! i have also seen lydia shoot infinite iron arrows with a better bow , but in other situations i have seen her put the bow away because she ran out of arrows -- no idea what the difference is in this case .
from my own experience , you can not control which way it bounces . from plantsvszombies wiki : . . . the wall-nut will bounce off at an angle , possibly hitting more zombies before it rolls off the screen . it will also only bounce off towards the right as it does not make sense for it to go backwards . . . it says nothing about which direction it bounds , up or down , so my guess is that it is somehow random .
before killing and reviving aerie , you should check the spot at the graveyard where you first meet bodhi . alternatively do not give her all those items in the first place .
wits end also gives you some magic resist ( +30 base , upto +50 total ) and costs 2150 total ionic spark gives +250 health and costs 2100 total . the average extra damage-per-hit is approximately the same , so we will ignore it as well as the 50 gold difference in building . so the things that you need to consider are as follows : what is more useful ? 50 mr or 250 hp ? early on , do i prefer a ruby crystal or a null-magic mantle ?
i think i found the answer . on ps3 , high-powered scopes are steadied by pressing the l3 button ( the left joystick ) . when i pressed the joystick , i also slightly pushed it to the right . this rightward pressure caused the vertical cross-hair to lean toward the right . since i was shooting at a distant target , i also aimed high to compensate for bullet drop . since the scope was tilted , adjustments along the ( no longer ) vertical cross-hair introduced horizontal inaccuracy . i just have to be careful and press straight down . by testing , i was able to get the scope reticle to lean right or left by applying left or right pressure . it is very slight , but enough to cause a miss on longer range targets .
try looking more carefully by the brick wall where you start . if you need more help : you are looking for a pillow near your feet , which you can then use to silently take out the zombie by the car .
the doctor was not only trying to save the colony but was also trying to save herself . she turned out to be half-infested already and the cutscene after the mission shows you dealing an infested version of her . i did not find any noticeable impacts on the decision i made aside from the bonus research though . edit : did not notice this one . apparently the reward is visual . wiki for safe haven ( siding with the terrans ) you get a banner from the refugees . for haven 's fall ( siding with the protoss ) you get a commemorative plaque from selendis .
wait is not a steam command , but rather a source engine console command . dota2 list of commands can be found here : http://dota2.gamepedia.com/list_of_console_commands of interest is the server command " sv_allow_wait_command " which implies that " wait " can be disabled by the server .
at least in the us , my copy of uncharted 2 in the twin pack is the goty edition , and came with a psn voucher code for all the bonus content . i can not be sure this is the case with an australian copy , but it doubly does not make sense for there to be a goty edition they are not giving you and for there to be a version difference this significant between the regions .
after beating the pokemon league , go back to the pokemon lab in lumiose city and go to the second floor . go to the top right corner and talk to a scientist who will give you the radar . all you need to do is beat the pokemon league .
this is an intended feature to keep higher levels out of lower level brackets .
mcupdate.tumblr.com, with which you can subscribe to with rss , seems to reliably report the latest version as the newest post with the title minecraft [x.x(.x)] . edit i am slightly drunk , and feeling bashy , so here 's a command that will return the latest version of minecraft :
i am not party to the agreements steam has with publishers and other distributors , but i can get a pretty good picture of it from viewing it as a gamer/consumer . if someone wants to sell a game , they can make a deal with valve to sell keys to that game that are redeemable on steam . in this case , valve most likely gets a small cut when the key is purchased or used ( they are providing the bandwidth after all . . . ) however , valve does not control the price the game creator sells their game at if they opt to sell outside of the steam store . for instance , amazon might strike a deal with 2k games to sell copies of civilization 5 at a steep discount - the games include a steam code as civ5 is a steamworks title . valve is just providing the infrastructure , they are not setting the price that 2k can sell the game at across the wide expanses of the internet . when it comes to retail , the store you are purchasing from is buying the games in bulk at a discount from the distributor or publisher . they might choose to pass that discount along to you , in the hopes that you will think more highly of their store or purchase supplemental accessories or something similar . ( this is called a loss leader and is a common retail practice . ) thus , blizzard might agree to sell thousands of copies of the latest starcraft title at some percentage discount to newegg . newegg then turns around and either gives up that percentage discount as a " preorder bonus " to customers . you buy the game from newegg , and you see that they have also got a sale on ddr3 , which would be a perfect upgrade for your rig to play the game . newegg sells a product they might not have sold otherwise , and you feel like you got a good deal . one axiom i like to quote is " if you can not figure out how they are making money , you are not the consumer - you are the product . " the meaning here is that they wanted your eyeballs on their site , and they got them by offering you a discount . another factor at play here is arbitrage , where companies or people buy a product at a discount , and then resell at less of a discount . for instance , some people might take advantage of a steam sale and get a game 50% off , and then turn around and sell it for 25% off after the sale ends . alternatively , if the game keys work internationally , they might buy copies in a country where the price is low , and sell them in a country where the price is higher . sometimes this is not allowed , though . there may be region locks or other protections to keep this type of arbitrage from occurring . be warned , there are deals out there that are scams . if it looks too good to be true , it probably is . i would suggest only dealing with reputable distributors whenever possible . if you do not think you could contact their customer support and get your money back if the keys were not legit , i would think twice about buying .
the functions not chosen are not lost . you can select them again every few levels , starting with level 5 .
steam does not provide an exclusive list of games you have completed , but you can go through your library of games one by one and check if you have 100% of the achievements for that game - if you do , steam considers you to have beaten the game .
first and foremost i would get some scaling magic resist glyphs . the flat ones are great when you are mid , or you know you are going against a mage up top ( e . g . vlad ) but for blind pick or bottom lane or jungle i would always go with scaling over flat . other than that , you have just about any runes you had want to cover those roles . i would recommend picking up a mage page ( flat ap quints , flat ap yellows , magic pen reds ) and a support page ( avarice quints and yellows , flat armor reds ) ; being able to play a variety of roles is more important than being specialized at one imo .
well if you are really affraid of being hooked versus pudge , having wards high ground is the best solution . you can ask your support to put up wards so you will always see where pudge is ( see screenshot at the end ) . then as an invoker you can put an early point in wex just fot ghost walking away . this might delay your dual forge spirit ( in the qe built ) but if you really feel insecure that might be the best way to go . with any mid hero you have to not make the basic mistake versus pudge which is : try to escape the rot by running . if you ever get hooked , trade hit with pudge and burst him with your spell . if you try to run you are almost certainly dead . pudge has a really low armor at low level so your right click damage will hurt him badly , plus remember that the rot inflict damage to himself too so you can often turn a hook into a kill for yourself , just dont be afraid to manfight him . pudge players tend to get overconfident when they land a hook , prove them they should not . another great tip is : rot does not dispell healing salve until its level 4 , so you can use a salve to get some hp back between 2 hit and that might save your life . screenshots those wards ' position can be used to avoid any kind of early ganks . you can watch the minimap to have an idea on what vision it gives . when you are on the radiant side : when you are on the dire side : this last observer is usefull to scout mid highgrounds at all time to avoid hooks ( you can place it on both side but preferably the enemy 's side ) :
firstblood in a competetive match means more gold for everybody , which results ina ll 3 lanes having wards from minute 1 on ! this is very important since the enemy jungler cant gank anymore . in soloq , fb raises the moral of your own team , and morale one of the biggest factors for who is gonna win .
the biggest mistake that almost all the players make is playing ranked as soon as they get level 30 . you just cannot expect to get above silver if you start playing immediately after you hit the level cap since you usually have around 200-300 total games and you basically just scratched the surface of lol . league is just as difficult as dota when it comes to higher level competitive play . while league is a lot faster to learn you will usually have difficulties getting to the higher ranks ( gold/platinum/diamond ) without the needed experience . of course if you want to get to this rating , you will have to practice as you have already mentioned . there are a few ways to train different things but some things just come with talent or time . trainable things are of course mechanical skills such as lasthitting , dodging and positioning . some things that are not easy or basically impossible to train are individual champion knowledge and general game knowledge ( that does not mean you will not learn them but you will just learn them slowly over time with experience ) . individual champion knowledge now when i am talking about individual champion knowledge i am not only talking about the skills of a champion but rather his playstyle . it is basically reading the mind of the enemy and using his thoughts and playstyle against him . this is a thing that will come slowly over time and the only thing to train it is playing the champion yourself and analysing enemies who train the champion . ( i often train this with a " champion-marathon " which is playing every champion from a-z and i only move forward when i won a game ) . the champion-countering part also falls under the category of individual champion knowledge . i highly recommend not using websites like lolcounter or champion select , since they are mostly outdated and written by players without experience . the most reliable source is always personal experience and you can also look at statistics . just keep in mind that you should not play a champion that counters the enemy if you can not play him . general game knowledge this is also a thing that takes its time . things like knowing when to do nashor , when to counterjungle , where to ward etc . are extremely hard to learn . you need to know the flow of the game and the importance of certain objects . start off with enabling timestamps and writing down dragon/baron timers to keep an overview about objectives and buffs . last hitting this question was already asked on this site but i guess it is currently hard to find . i would recommend to search for a question first before asking it . this is the question with the answer . now as a final word i would like to mention that league is a game where you cannot just " train " certain things . while there are some things that are trainable most aspects of the game are not . the difference between high an low elo are not mechanical skills but experience and psychological knowledge . i wrote a seperate guide on how to improve on these things if you want to check it out . the only thing i can recommend if you want a higher rating is : do not play rankeds too early . start with rankeds after 500-1000 wins . of course if you are extremely talented you can start earlier but you should know how good you are if you want to get better .
there are a number of factions in the mojave that have the power to affect the outcome of the final stages of the game and/or the ending in some way . the point of the " side bets " quest is to get you to interact with ( or ignore ) these factions , who you might not run into unless you are prompted to do so . normally , the ncr/house/legion quest lines will force you to interact with these factions and gain their support ( or prevent them from supporting your enemies ) as part of storyline missions , but if you are playing the yes man/wild card track , there is a lot more freedom in who you deal with/kill/etc . thus , yes man can be told that you wish to ignore them , since obtaining their loyalty might be impossible depending on your previous decisions . it is certainly possible to win while ignoring all of these factions - in fact , following the yes man track can take you from the start to the end of the game in under a couple of hours , if you play your cards right . having some or all of these guys on your side can make things easier , though .
you can surround the sapling with 1 or 2-block high cobblestone ( or any hard stone block really ) , leaving the top open for the tree to grow , or make 5-block high pillar as shown in the video below . the minecraft wiki explains this briefly : a large tree can be forced to be grown if a " brace " of non-solid blocks ( e . g . glass , or half-slabs ) is placed around where the trunk will be , one block off the ground . what happens when the game decides that a sapling should try to grow into a tree , is it first selects a height of tree , and then checks to see whether it will fit into that space . the tree will not grow if it cannot . placing the cobblestone around the sapling , you are effectively stopping 4-5 block high trees from growing . this will mean that the tree takes longer to grow , or cost more bonemeal ( as each time it attempts to grow the tree , it has more chance to fail ) . here 's a video , showing a slightly different process . in this one the user is making 5-block high pillars next to the sapling .
the scythe will only become available after you have visited the castle . once you have visited the castle , go to the smith in the village and you will then be able to purchase the scythe .
to say that the binding of isaac supports the use of a gamepad would be a slight exaggeration . the latest patch for the game added control options to the game , which looks like this : and as you can see , the game specifically tells you to use one of the many gamepad to keyboard solutions out there , specifically joytokey . this thread describes the alternative of using controlmk , with specific instructions and even a ready-made setup profile for the game ( though i can not vouch for its quality as i have never tried it ) . the thread also mentions xpadder , as per kalamane 's answer . i personally use the ds3 tool and a dualshock 3 ( i actually prefer the keyboard , but my keyboard has some key-locking issues so i can not walk diagonally and shoot right at the same time ) .
you just need an area with a large number of snow blocks , around 500 will get you the most snow , any more should be unnecessary . you can use programs like tedit to edit your map to have enough blocks . or you can put them in your inventory using terrariviewer and place them manually .
it seems to be something related to co-op gaming . from destiny wiki : orbs of light are glowing balls of energy generated by other guardians when they use their super abilities . orbs can be picked up by any other player in the fireteam , and provide a large boost to a player 's super ability recharge meter . 1 the super ability recharge boost when the player picks up an orb appears to be larger than the boost that players receive from kills , time , or other actions . orbs of light do not appear to serve any other function , and are a cooperative gameplay mechanic designed to encourage players to play in fireteams and reward them for working together .
my experience is that sooner or later , the miner does pick up the asteroid pieces , but task priority in the current version of the game ( alpha 1 ) appears to be a bit buggy . sometimes the workers simply decide they have better things to do than performing low priority tasks . a similar example is doors marked for demolishing that are far away from the base . it can take extremely long before anyone decides to perform the task , even in cases where i lock workers up right next to the task i want them to do . so in short , i believe you are already doing the right thing .
ksp includes a " debug menu " , which you can access with Alt + F12 . from within this menu there is an option to disable gravity . once gravity is off , go to the kerbal you need to save and use the eva pack to gently lower them to the ground . you can read more about the debug menu here
constitution , at the very least in the gba series of sealed sword/binding blade , blazing sword and sacred stones , affects two things : the ability to wield tomes and weaponry without a speed penalty and to determine if a unit can be rescued by another unit ( this does not apply to the rescue or warp staff . ) so , depending on how you want to lay out your strategies , you might want to give just enough constitution to units with very low constitution so that they can wield certain weapons without the speed penalty . the penalty is determined by the weight of the weapon or tome , and if the difference of x in x = con - wt is negative , then the unit loses that much speed in the battle calculations . in sacred stones , lute is a good example of a unit that benefits from some , but not much , constitution . with a base 3 constitution , she suffers from a penalty from most tomes . take , for example , if lute were to wield the fimbulvetr tome ( wt 12 ) with her base constitution as a sage ( con 3 + 1 due to promotion bonus ) , she had suffer a whopping -8 penalty to her speed when attacking with that tome . therefore , if you want lute to be mobilized around the map by say , pegasus knights , increasing her constitution just a little bit so that the penalty is not that great or is totally negated is a good idea . on the back side , as a rather frail unit , she might not be able to be rescued by other units with less constitution . evaluate your choices in strategies and plan accordingly .
the solution seemed to be rather simple : shoot the bomb , at the same platform of the middle , wooden beam with redemption to make the corruption on the platform explode ( from the position i am standing in the screenshot ) take the bomb from the middle platform to clear the corruption from the ceiling use your deathgrip to get to the end do some hocus pocus with soul splitter to get the chest in the end aswell
the wiki states that since the release of reaper of souls ( paragon 2.0 ) : there is no cap on paragon levels . players can now earn as many paragon levels as they please . all that needs to be done is to simply fight monsters and complete quests with a hero already at lv . 60 or 70 , depending upon the player 's ( lack of , if appropriate ) access to reaper of souls . this chart ( provided by arperum ) shows a current xp requirement per level , up to 2000 . ( i would post it here but it would be way too huge ) as for a fancy pie chart , i can only provide ( an old model ) up to 100 , as the 2.0 version suggests there is no level cap .
you can enable quickswitch through the console . after opening the console with ` , use hud_fastswitch 1 to enable quickswitch , or hud_fastswitch 0 to disable quickswitch .
i keep play smax till now , and it works fine on my win7/x64 . make a clean installation smax ( or backup an existing copy ) install smax patch , searchable smacp4e install windows fix , searchable smacxp103fus as far as i know , all patches are available for smac and smax . then try the following settings in config : the patches above have quite a few of bugs fixed , including operation on fast or non-intel cpu 's , crashes on air-to-air combat ( when fighter defend the city against bombers ) , division by zero when automated units in polar areas , and many others . it even works like a charm on wqxga ( 2560×1600 ) screen with no crashes on scrolling . and it does not require any compatibility settings in windows .
looks to me like a custom grid layout with clique for click casting . this is what i use . i prefer making my own bar layouts and debuff trackers over healbot . grid has a ton of extra addons to make it even more robust . if you watch the ui video that the same user has posted here he confirms that he uses grid .
the field surrounding gardevoir is a giant reflection bubble , reflecting and doubling the damage of any projectile that opponents try to toss inside or use while inside . it does not attack opponents directly , but you can feel free to camp nearby and shoot your own projectiles outwards while being safe from most anything that does not come up and punch you in the face .
yes , he would have to have his own steam account and buy the game separately if you want to track achievements independently . a single steam account is intended to be used by a single person only , so it is not surprising this is how it works .
there is not a clear answer , as it depends on circumstances . the game keeps a population of each kind of chicken , and every interval it breeds some , and every interval ( a different one ) robots kill some . a bit into the game you can learn the skill statistics that will allow you to see the population of each kind of chicken . here come the numbers : every breed interval ( 2 seconds default , 1.75 sec with medicine ) , the chickens breed . every kind 's population grows by current_kind_population/1000 , up to the maximum of 999999999999 . robots run every 3 seconds and each one of them kills between 2 and 10 normal chickens , between 1 and 6 iron chickens and between 0 and 2 gold chickens ( all ranges are inclusive ) . therefore , to make sure your ( for example normal chicken ) population is not hunted out , the following must hold : normal_chicken_pop/1000 * 3 &gt;= number_of_robots * 10 * 2  where the 10 on the right side is the maximum of normal chickens the robots can hunt , and the 2 and 3 are to make both respective time intervals the same length ( with no medicine ) . similar process applies to other kinds of chickens . source : the game code
i have gotten that error repeatedly , and it seems tied to particular items , rather than anything to do with the limit on your number of auctions . the speculation is that items can have less than 1 point of durability loss , which causes them to not show as needing repair , but also prevents them from going up for auction . i just tried this , and it worked : sell the item ( s ) you are getting this error for to an in-game merchant , then buy them back . then repair all . this fixed the two items i was most recently having problems with , and allowed me to put them up for auction . update patch 1.0.2.9950 release notes it is worth noting that as of diablo 3 patch 1.0.2.9950 this is no longer the case as you are now able to auction items that are not at 100% durability . from the patch notes : damaged items can now be sold on the auction house once sold , damaged items will be repaired automatically when moved from the purchasing player 's completed tab to their stash please note that unsold damage items will not be automatically repaired when returned to the seller 's stash
you are told this in-game upon collecting the black soulstone ( source ) : barbarian : five lords of hell now reside within this stone . this was your doing , adria ! adria : twenty years ago , during the darkening of tristram , cain told me of zoltun kulle 's profane soulstone . leah : that is why you left me . . . you went to mark the demons ' souls , so that they could be drawn into kulle 's vessel ! adria : yes , my daughter . i have sacrificed everything for this . . . the other classes only differ in what they say when they discover it .
the are not . you get the same proc chance regardless of your weapon speed . check out http://www.lurkerlounge.com/forums/thread-13842.html , they have a discussion about stunlocking monsters . do note that crowd-control effects on bosses do not last as long , and on higher difficulties even normal monsters are more resilient to crowd-control .
i believe marrakech is the capital province . it is hard to see in your photo , but i think you will see a crown on top of a pole coming out of the map in that province -- that indicates it is a national capitol . you would receive that province as part of a full annexation , but you can not just take the capital as if it were any other province .
no there is no tool to enable you to jump/scroll directly to a point . however , you can speed up the replay speed more than the standard x8 using replay seeker . warning : it can still be buggy .
in addition to doomsayer , kel-thuzad apparently does not let you play any minion-wiping cards , such as equality . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/the_four_horsemen also , kel'thuzad will not let you play alexstrasza against loatheb , which would make that encounter significantly easier . source : http://hearthstone.gamepedia.com/loatheb_(hero) there may be additional restrictions , bearing in mind that 2 more areas are not released yet .
yes . its name is lydia . there are two " sort of " answers to this question . first off , as noted , you can use followers as portable storage . the other option is to put your uncarriables onto a convenient nearby dead body and then use one of the raise zombie line of conjuration spells , recasting as needed . edit : on a closer read , you definitely seem to want option two . you can even tell your follower to loot your " skeever suitcase " when you are done with it .
unlike clash of clans , in boom beach you either get all the resources or you walk away with nothing . destruction of the headquarters is the only thing that matters . this is the same in both pvp and pve . thus , there is no loot-based benefit to destroying other buildings before hitting the hq . if you can hit it and kill it without dying or without encountering certain defensive buildings , then you should absolutely do so . i believe some of the pve maps are specifically laid out to teach you to exploit this . as you have noted , you do get extra gunboat energy for destroying buildings , so if a person or the ai has left buildings undefended , it might be worth trashing them to get some extra energy , depending on your strategy . however , that is the one and only reason for doing so .
here are links to transcripts of the " who knows where " narration that i found on the bastion wiki : first level ( zulf 's pipe ) second level ( zia 's stockpot ) third level ( the kid 's bedroll ) according to the edit dates on the wiki , these were added on dec . 15th and dec . 29th 2011 , so your google-fu would likely have succeeded if it had taken place a couple of weeks later :- ) .
( note : this answer applies to the xbox 360 version . i am not certain whether this is possible on other consoles . ) start up rock band 1 while connected to xbox live . the xbox will tell you there is a title update available ; let it patch . after it patches , there will be an option off the main menu to " export " your songs . select it and follow the instructions . note that this process costs about $5 , a few gb of hard drive space , and quite a bit of time . . . so if you are running low on time , free space , or cash this might not be the option for you . i can only assume that a similar process will work for rock band 2 to get the songs into rock band 3 .
you will want to split the signal ( just put branching redstone like a t shape ) coming from the lever and reverse it for one of the pistons using a not gate . that will mean when one has power , the other does not . if the timing is off , you can also put repeaters after the split so one has a bit of a delay .
there is no offline/couch co-op . online co-op and system link co-op exists for 2 players with both having the same functionality . the whole campaign and everything else in the game is playable in co-op mode , with drop in/drop out possibility . you are required to use an online pass code on your account to activate co-op mode on either the ps3 or xbox 360 .
any 5th generation pokemon game is compatible with any of the other 3 5th generation games ( so white , black 2 , and white 2 , in your case ) . while you can not trade directly , it is also possible to ( albeit , one way ) transfer pokemon from any of the 5 4th generation games ( diamond , pearl , platinum , heartgold , soulsilver ) to pokemon black . since 4th generation games themselves can do a one-way transfer of pokemon from the 3rd gen , it is possible to bring pokemon from even ruby , sapphire , and emerald into pokemon black .
the number of great works in a given city does not , in and of itself , make a difference , nor do the location of the city , nor the nature of the work , but once you start getting buildings with more than one slot , there is the opportunity for theming bonuses if you have multiple great works in the same building , meeting certain conditions . as well , there are a number of different effects from various buildings , wonders , or civilizations ' unique abilities , which can provide bonuses to tourism generated in a given city , so stacking multiple great works in a city with such bonuses will mean more great works getting the bonus . lastly , any time a city is captured , any great works still in that city are also captured , which makes border cities a little riskier . however , because you can move great works instantly across any distance as long as it is your turn , you can usually move them out when a city is under siege and losing , before it is taken , as long as you remember .
in valve games you are able to record demos that capture every tick of information , so players will record a full set of demos then put them into a program that counts the number of ticks . in portal 2 ( dunno about portal ) the tick rate is 60 hz , so the time is ticks/60 ( which is why any times you see down to the millisecond will be multiples of 1/60 ) . exceptions are made at the start and end of a run for when the player actually gets control , usually deemed to be when the crosshair appears/disappears . runners will open up the demos , step through them frame-by-frame watching the crosshair , then subtract that many ticks . more generally as to how speed runs are " officially " timed , the most " official " ( notice the quotes ) body i know for speed-runs would be the speed demos archive , who maintain a decent amount of runs across various platforms . they have an faq about how to time runs , but some communities can be strong enough to add game- or engine-specific exceptions to their general guidelines . if a game displays a time upon completion , and this time is tested to be accurate , then the timer will be used . an example of an inaccurate game timer is one that does not display the exact time when a player saves , such as star ocean 2 's timer , which drops seconds when saving . some game timers do not count time at pause/inventory screens , dialogs , cutscenes , etc . , so the time can be significantly less than the video length . some games have a timer but it can not be seen at the end of the game . in most of those cases the timer will be ignored . for some games like rpgs , however , such timers are displayed in a menu screen that you would be looking at before the final battle ; that time will be noted and real time from that point added on . for games without timers , a simple real-time measure is used . when the player first gains control of the game 's character , timing begins . at the end when control is lost , even if that is long after the final battle , the timing stops . possible movement that can occur during or after the ending credits does not count . for segmented runs , timing for a segment stops at the first system-dependent activity , usually the actual saving . when loading , the timing resumes at the point when the game was saving or displaying the password . for runs over three hours , the seconds are dropped because slight variations in recording speed can become significant .
there is almost no practical purpose for the octo ring . it is supposed to be just a fun ring which serves no useful purpose . however , the ring does grant immunity to being captured by like-likes while it is in use ( source ) . save the space in your ring box for more useful rings .
not really . that option is really only their if you were missing side missions . all you can really do now is run around .
they correspond to the number of gates in the area : white gates are still locked , requiring an artefact you have not found yet , or an artefact you have found but have not brought to the gate yet . orange gates are unlocked and usable . because you need to unlock gates as part of the main storyline , you will undoubtedly have orange gate icons for most of the locations by default . the other ones unlock optional paths and are usually unlocked with wild artefacts found in optional parts of the area .
forgive my bluntness but agent86 is not entirely correct . both the snes and nes actually do have hardware devices that can save and restore state with off the shelf cartridges . as an added bonus both offer true slow motion capabilities ( not the pause button hack commonly implemented by some controllers ) . these are perfect for games like mortal kombat and battletoads . for snes you are looking for the nakitek game saver plus available at www.stoneagegamer.com for about 20 bucks . a genesis version was mentioned in a game pro magazine back in the day http://www.digitpress.com/forum/showthread.php?91593-naki-game-saver but the genesis version they talked about never saw the light of day . for nes you want the much more rare and elusive game action replay ( not to be confused with the pro action replay , a game genie like device . ) these are very hard to find and typically go for 80-100 dollars on ebay . i own both and they work mostly as advertised with a few quirks . because of the lack of accurate information and abundance of misinformation on these devices i am in the process of putting together a complete review . i should be done with it sometime in february and i will post a follow up comment with a link once it is up . in the meantime order it now if you want it because once i clear up the confusion that is currently making people overlook these devices they are going to become very hard to find !
there are a few more commands , including /purr , /meow , and /screech . you also get a different set of commands as a dog . to become a dog , catch a mouse and bring it to the dog altar , accessible through the top-right corner of the alley , east side . once you have become a dog , you gain access to /howl , /bark , and /pant . however , as a dog , you lose the ability to chat , instead sending a random amount of woofs . the cat commands /purr , /meow , and /screech are also lost to you , and you get a different sound effect when using /nap . you can return to being a cat by catching another mouse and bringing it to the doormat , where you spawn .
it appears that you can use it multiple times , but you are restricted to using it once per hour , and will be blocked from using it during certain missions .
the dryad , does not have any other special requirements other than the base ones required to unlock her in the first place . if you have already unlocked the dryad and have a proper house , she should soon settle in that particular house . unless of course , she moved into another home . as jlabella has said , try checking if those homes are properly built to support npcs . you can do so by accessing the housing menu . specifically , click the house icon on the inventory screen , choose the " ? " housing query mark , and then click anywhere inside the houses in question . that'll tell you whether the home is suitable , or what specifically it is missing . you may also use this menu to determine where npcs are currently living , as well as change which npcs live where .
it seems like the only ways in are through charles bank and north end . the main gate is at charles bank , but there are a few broken link fences over at north end that allows you to sneak past the wall .
savescumming generally refers to the practice of reloading a saved game prior to a random event , repeatedly , until a favorable outcome is achieved . the term originated in the roguelike community , as the genre is known for the frequent occurrence of perma-death as a feature - in that community , any use of saved games to recover from a fatal mistake or poor roll of the dice , rather than restarting the game entirely , is considered to be unsporting or ' scummy ' behavior . these days , the term is often used in a variety of genres to refer to abuse of reloaded saves to yield optimal results .
at first i was confused as well , but do not worry , it is there . after your total points are calculated , many things are saved to the base new game template . whenever you start a new game , the game will use the new setup . every time you hit the end of march in year 8 this happens . available players ( and their levels and stats ) are saved . coach levels and learned formations are saved . all upgrades except for stadium and field upgrades are saved . fan activity levels are saved . previously owned players start at 50% interest . sponsor interest is saved ( previously signed sponsors start at 100% , but points still need to be spent to resign ) . facility placement is saved . when you start a new game , you will start with the initial players and coach , as well as starting money and available matches . you will have to reassemble your team , which takes time . however , you instantly benefit from the upgraded facilities from your last play . from what i hear , it takes about 3+ play-throughs to unlock everything , so have fun !
it is a random number that is attached to every battletag , no matter whether the actual name is unique or not ( the number makes it unique as the combination has to be unique ) . it is usually hidden though . it essentially makes your name unique while allowing the readable/name part to be used multiple times . that means , you do not say a friend to add " battletag " to their friends list , you tell them to add " battletag#1234" , because there might be more than one " battletag " in use . despite that , in games you will usually just appear as " battletag " , unless there is a second player with the exact same battletag .
modern warfare 3 does indeed support dedicated servers ( see here ) : will modern warfare 3 have dedicated servers ? yes ! modern warfare 3 supported matchmaking as well as dedicated servers , allowing players to find and filter via an in-game server browser or set-up their own dedicated server for complete control , without being restricted by any 3rd party hosting requirements . if looking for a dedicated server to join , if you choose not to set up your own , you can filter and favorite by ping , map , gametype , hardcore variants , voice , password , and many other options . as for an approved server list , it appears the ranked servers are managed in-game ( you have to enable browsing of dedicated servers in the options to even see those ) ; i will update if i find anything .
confirmed , brahmin tipping is in . you can test for yourself at the mojave outpost , west of nipton , southwest of primm .
ilo is red , milo is blue . that is it ! : ) sources : [ 1 ] , [ 2 ]
it is unlocked by reaching rank 43 all unlocks can be seen in battlelog -> player stats -> weapons
i have finally managed to get this to work . it turns out half life 2 executes a file named 360-controller.cfg automatically whenever it starts ( for linux , it executes 360controller-linux.cfg ; both are located at ~/.steam/SteamApps/common/Half-Life 2/hl2/cfg ) . so all you need to do is tweak that file to you liking . here 's my setup ( the missing buttons are left to default ) :
it is not possible . you have to wait , but there are no official sources that states you will have the possibility to change icons . it is also not clear how much customizable will be the hud . if you have suggestions or critiques i invite you to post them to devs forum .
so in a small scale tournament , one of the large considerations is what maps people can practice on . while anyone can practice on any map ( unless they have starter edition ) , most people lack a large stable of practice partners . as a result they are often restricted on what maps they will be able to get decent amounts of practice . if you look at the after hours gaming league you will notice that day9 specifically chose blizzard ladder maps for his tournament . this was because many of the players ( despite being masters level ) had difficulty organizing their teams for long practice sessions . as a result many of the practice sessions would have to be alone and there for on the blizzard ladder . while an argument was originally made for gsl/mlg/tsl maps because you could organize a random custom game on them ( part of battle net match making ) , the quality of the players you were matched against could not be guaranteed . un-like the iccup of the broodwar era , where the player base was more organized and you could guarantee the skill level of your opponents , the popularity of the blizzard ladder leaves it the only real option for people who do not have a good organized practice team . i think this is an important concern for any tournament organizer looking to start up a friendly tournament .
yes , you can freely fly the blackjack once you progress far enough into the story . i believe after you complete raiding the imperial magitek facility , you can start flying the airship to wherever you want .
in a blog post notch talks about the problems his server is having . these seem to be purely related to the registration process . and possibly the downloads of the game . when the server went down at the end of august/beginning of september the kids were able to play the game quite happily . there was also a " free weekend " where you could download and play without registration - again implying that it is only authentication . obviously , if you are playing a multiplayer game you will be in constant contact with the server hosting the map !
so there are only three factors which influence muta vs muta battles . they are , in order of importance : army size keeping wounded muta alive focus firing a lot of people will try to tell you that the bounce is important , but bounce has a range of 3 ( identical to the muta itself ) so once you get above 8-10 mutalisks , reducing bounce damage is not practical . army size is the most important part of any mutalisk on mutalisk contest , but not just having more than your opponent . at about 14 mutalisk , they gain the ability to one shot opposing mutalisks . above this point , having all your mutas target a single target actually results in a loss of damage . unlike the siege tank , mutalisk damage is carried by a projectile , so if the target dies before it hits , the projectile does not re-target . thus if you have more than 14 mutalisks , the best thing you can do is split them into groups of 14 and micro them independently . as army size is important , keeping your mutalisks alive is almost as important . this means backing out mutalisks who have low hit point values . because of the nature of the glaive worm bounce , this means you are going to have to pull wounded muta back prior to getting low health ( think about half ) . ideally you want your opponents mutalisks to follow this unit , as mutalisks have to decelerate on attacking . this means chasing mutalisks will never catch up , and become easier prey . if they do not chase then you need that muta to almost immediately get back into the fray ( the technique for this i will describe in a second ) . focus firing is usually a well understood concept by most players , but how it applies to mutalisks is often unique . ideally you want to attack the nearest opposing muta and then shift target his remaining mutalisks from closest to furthest . however , mutalisks are very quick and have the useful property that they bunch up very tightly when micro'd . you will want to use this to your advantage to prevent your opponent from focus firing your muta down . as mutalisks attack they will spread out a little , so you will have to use the time in between attacks ( yeah the 1.5 game seconds ) , to tighten them back up . this will usually require more than one action . make sure to hit Hold Position in between movements . while this will not function as advertised , it will make sure your muta do not waiting to fire while moving . finally , as mentioned before do not allow you focus-firing muta to chase after an opposing mutalisk as this will leave you open to assault . while muta on muta micro may sound intense , the period for which it matters is usually very small . as the most important aspect is army size , you should gain a slight advantage through better micro early on , which will quickly snowball . if you find yourself behind at some point , do not remain and fight , but rather quickly exit .
more money does not stack with itself . multiple characters having the more money ability will not increase your pg earned . the description was a mistranslation . more money does stack with items like golden egg . http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68317819 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68287566 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/729328-bravely-default/68100397
as usual , the act of typing it all out makes me think of another couple things to try . i had not noticed that there was a pressure plate behind the grate to the left ; placing something on that plate quickly before the floor fell out opened the way to a second lever and the solution ; both the left and right lever were necessary to open the way .
it turns out that the problem was that ian was standing in front of the door trying to get to me , which stopped the guard from leaving . moving over to the other part of the shop caused ian to move out of the way , which fixed everything ( i robbed killian blind anyway ) . he did not move the first time i went over there , so it may be that you need to save and reload the game a few times to make it happen .
there are multiple mods which can do this . i have not personally used any so i can only recommend browsing the steam workshop and/or google . it is also possible to do this by saving the map in the world builder then opening it as a scenario on the new difficulty . this does , however , cause some problems such as the ai forgetting parts of your diplomatic history .
do not keep the kind of a stash that you will want to visit periodically - consumables are not worth starving . come back only for great gear that synergizes with some other great item you just found . if you are holding an armload of unidentified potions and scrolls , stand near some water and id a few the hard way . at later depths , you will appreciate being able to decide on the spot whether the consumables you find are worth keeping , using , or leaving on the ground . build your strategy around rings , enchanted items , and higher-quality items in roughly that order . e.g. , your inventory is full , you have found a ring of wisdom , a couple staves , and platemail . platemail is nice , but you do not own a ring of regeneration therefore a warrior build will have difficulty succeeding - dump any weapons and armor that you can not currently equip , do not come back for them without an exceptionally good reason . you need to keep exploring and finding new food with a minimum of inventory-juggling . better versions of what you passed up can appear at later depths anyways . i hope that helps ! i die pretty often myself , but so far it has never been to the food lock .
there is not a way to do this , unfortunately , unless someone goes and deciphers the savegame format and figures out where the hardcore mode flag is . what you can do though , is export the character , then import them into a savegame that is not on hardcore mode . if you do this , you keep your skills , attributes , money , and experience , but you lose your reputation , honour , army , and items . its not really a great method , but if you are attached to your character , its a better alternative than starting over . here are the steps to take to export your character and import them into a non-hardcore save : load up your hardcore save go to the character tab click on the statistics button click on export character return to the main menu make a new non-hardcore mode character with the same name as your old character ( do not worry about the stats and stuff , they get imported ) play through until you get outside the city go to the character tab click on the statistics button click on import character i know this is not exactly what you want , but its about as close as you can get .
there are 3 glow effects in the game . as a demoman , any stickybombs you place glow . in payload maps , the bomb cart glows . in ctf maps , the intelligence briefcases glow . glows are visible through walls . i assume that enabling this ( it is disabled by default ) will show any glows you would normally see . it is not useful most of the time , unless you were recording a replay of a demoman life .
yes , they will still be hostile to you . no , the bounty will not be applied to your " human form " in this situation . let me know if i am wrong , but , this is what happens to me .
i completed single player on heroic last night , and the scene in question does not take place . a few similar scenes do take place : didact does hold the chief aloft ( with the force i guess ) a few times with his arms held out . once when you first release him and again at the climax of the story . there are no flash backs to the chief childhood . a promethean kight also does the ' jump on you head split open scream thing ' when you first encounter them on requiem .
for windows users : C:\Users\&lt;Your Username Here&gt;\Documents\Diablo III\Screenshots for mac users : &lt;Your Username Here&gt;/Library/Application Support/Blizzard/Diablo III/Screenshots ( caution : it is a hidden folder )
if you buy the game , play , then cancel your subscription , the characters are retained indefinitely . if you decide to play tera again after cancelling an account , you will be able to pick up where you left off .
the answer to your first question is yes , since it is a toggled spell , the damage from dr . mundo 's burning agony W does in fact scale up immediately . dr . mundo 's ultimate ( sadisim ) on the other hand , is a triggered skill . as such , when R is pressed , it applies a buff then is done . this means that the healing will not increase until the next time the skill is triggered . source
this answer is updated as of patch 2.0/reaper of souls all previous answers assumed an environment where the auction house was a possibility for gem procurement . this is no longer the case in patch 2.0 , and in order to get gems above the " imperial " level , you must pay covetous shen to combine gems , as well as provide a few materials beyond simply money and gems at the highest levels . so , is it worth it to combine gems ? yes . in patch 2.0 , it is possible for marquise gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters . it is also possible for imperial quality gems to drop from level 61 and higher monsters on master difficulty and higher . the gap between a marquise gem and an imperial gem is substantial , but gets even higher as you go further . let 's take an example of an emerald placed in your chestpiece . . . marquise : +62 dexterity imperial : +100 dexterity flawless imperial : +160 dexterity royal : +220 dexterity flawless royal : +280 dexterity so , given that you can achieve a boost of +180 to a particular stat by combining gems over what you can get just from drops , it is absolutely worth it .
yes , it does affect a few things . first , if you make a clearly goofy selection you will get a live trigger reward other than a potion . why this is does not make any sense to me , but picking the right or logical answer will not net you anything . the rewards here are almost always cosmetic so you are not missing much of anything . second , some of the live triggers will result in a paradox ending . these are , simply put , bad endings to the game . when you come into a paradox ending there will be a short scene and you will be dumped back to the historia crux . the unique thing about ff 13-2 is that all of these choices can be replayed by closing and opening gates again . everything in the zone gets reset other than key items and fragments . so if you are not satisfied with how your first choices turn out you can simply go through it again .
yes , you do need it . you are unable to interact with hidden doors until you are at least level 5 in detect hidden .
yes . i had not yet achieved golden god when i upgraded to wrath of the lamb , but after finishing the original game achievements i did receive it . i did not have to finish all the wrath of the lamb achievements .
your best bet may be to decrease their engagement radius to near ( or something like that ) they will not ignore them completely , but they will not go haring off across the system to attack far-away platforms .
" clagging " refers to a glitch called " charge lagging " . what happens is this : a paladin moves a few screens away , turns on vigor aura , and then uses charge to move very fast . this causes your character not to sync properly with the game/server , because the character is moving faster then the server can update . this results in the paladin seemingly jump/teleport ( without the teleport skill or enigma runeword ) from place to place . while the paladin is desynced from the server , they can also cast blessed hammers that are invisible to other players and/or not appear where they seem to be ( the paladin 's position is not updated correctly for other players . e.g. , the paladin is actually behind a wall , but seems to be in front of your character , you shoot at him the hit animation happens but the paladin loses no life ) , giving the paladin an unfair advantage . there is a similar glitch with barbarians and the increase speed and frenzy skill . see it in action .
the mothership vortex has a range of 9 from the mothership and has a radius of 2.5 . it cannot be used across the map as mass-recall can . you must fly a mothership to the location of the battle to use it . source:team liquid
i know this is a late answer , but i will answer anyway . you need to edit your server 's . ini files to add a proper http redirect . any requests to download mods and maps will be redirected to any server you want . as long as the host you are linking to supports direct downloading , you will be fine . i recommend dropbox public folder . there is a complete tutorial available here : http://wiki.unrealadmin.org/redirection_and_compression
a combination of the crossbow with the upgrade that grants mana on a headshot , and the frost bracelet ( seriously a very powerful tool , i never slay orcs without it ) will allow you to stunlock multiple ogres indefinitely , while also holding them perfectly still allowing for easy headshots ( as opposed the the crossbow 's secondary fire where they sway their heads ) . in combination with a fully upgraded crossbow , you can hold an ogre perfectly still and take it down in 3-5 headshots , normally before the frozen state is even broken , and if it does break , you can just freeze them again . this works even better if you use the secondary fire and have upgraded the bracelet to make enemies frozen by your secondary fire take more damage . not only will it freeze many many orcs and ogres , but it lasts much longer ( i think it is over 5 seconds ) and they will take more damage as well . the only problem with this strategy is frost ogres , who are immune to the bracelet . in this case , you are just going to have to stunlock it with your crossbow 's secondary fire , and aim at the moving head . there is no other weapon that kills as quickly as multiple headshots from the crossbow .
yes , sadly , it is true . to play multiplayer games over the internet , you must have a gold subscription . it is about $40-50 / year , $20 / 3 months or $8 / month , but you can sometimes find them for cheaper .
replace the launcher with your chosen game executable . a summary of the steps here : copy the saints row .exe files in your saints row the third install directory to a different folder ( that should be game_launcher.exe , saintsrowthethird.exe , and saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe ) copy back the one you want to always use - saintsrowthethird_dx11.exe to use the directx 11 version , or saintsrowthethird.exe to use the non-directx 11 version . rename the file you copied to game_launcher.exe . this tricks steam into directly running the version of the game you want , instead of putting you through the launcher .
sounds like a case of teleportitis . you can get this effect in a number of ways . if you are not wearing a ring of teleportation , then it is probably because you ate the corpse of a teleporting creature like a leprechaun .
you will need to modify your autorepeat settings and then simply hold down the key for an appropriate duration . this is the only way i am aware of , as starcraft does not allow you to configure that setting in-game . in windows , these two settings are in keyboard properties --> speed --> repeat delay/refresh rate . protoss players have gotten pretty good at moving the mouse at an appropriate speed that matches the refresh rate of the keypress so as to warp in units quickly .
life orb increases base power by 30% , while sheer force increases base power by a conditional 30% . if a move does not have a secondary effect ( like a burn chance ) , its base power will not be increased by sheer force , although life orb 's bonus still applies . the damage formula is a bit annoying to recall , but i believe that sheer force is applied to the base power of the move , which is then used to calculate the actual base damage during which life orb is taken into account . if i recall my multiplication properties correctly , this means that the increase in damage should be about 1.3 * 1.3 = 1.69 or a ~70% increase in damage .
i will take a stab at this . first thing is to draw your main avenue out . second , look at the direction of the wind . note this direction because you want to place industry down wind and inital water away from that industry . in my case its north towards my highway , meaning my industry/dirty polluting things will be at the top . there are two ways to go about this like you said . either you can plan out and place your cheap roads first , then destroy roads later , or just slowly expand based on your funds . speaking of funds , do not be afraid to take out all 3 loans . if you have a grand plan in advance regarding road layout , you can afford the hit in your monthly income since early on you will have no service expenses so income will flow fine . just remember to get power , water , and enough road area for initial rci . okay so for this plan i am using a road layout system of halby on youtube . it basically involves a lot of t intersections and l-shaped roads to get the main traffic on your avenues and avoiding the side roads . this is my first time doing this from the start so i hope it goes well ! before this point i took out 3 $25k loans . it was enough to get this much roadwork down . it is important to mix your commercial and residential together closely . if a sim can walk to a local shop , he will not have to drive , and we all know traffic is the bane of everything negative in this game . stick with medium ( or low ) density roads . the reason i say this is the job requirement for commercial and industry high density buildings is much much larger and will wreck your city if you are not prepared for it . the idea behind this road layout is : in order to drive to work the sims will avoid driving on all those side streets and basically funnel them towards the avenues . i may not have the perfect spacing here , but that is the general idea . avoid making new " shortest path " roads since that is the direction your sims will want to take by default . this strategy does cause a lot of intersections so i may have to do some tweaking later . also , as i noted above , avoid 4-way intersections as much as you can . the reason for this is it can cause gridlock when compared to t-intersections because there are less " left turns " . also note at the moment mass transit is buggy so it causes general traffic problems . street cars get stuck ( apparently only if they have a lot of intersections , one-loop is ok ) , too many buses flood from the region , buses follow each other around in packs , service vehicles get buggy and get stuck in the roads . basically anything you can do to lessen the burden on your traffic ( including limiting 4-way ) the better . one of my worst traffic-jam cities ( 120k pop ) has 100% avenues with 4-way intersections . horrible idea . one of my more traffic free city ( 80k pop though ) has 95% medium density stop signs and hardly any stop lights . go figure . i have been seeing recommendations that park-n-rides are better than bus stops because of limiting cars vs just transporting walking people . i do not know so much but its definitely smart to put some park-n-rides near the region entrance . this will allow incoming cars stop and get off the streets . avoid dead end roads . it may be tempting , but you will run into problems because of the dumb nature of sims . basically a larger number will start heading for a house/job/business . if it fills up and they have not arrived yet , they have to turn around . this causes unnecessary intersection issues . if you can connect your dead-end road somewhere , they will continue along their way . i do not know how big of a deal this is in the real world but it seemed logical to me when i read it . this is especially problematic if you have long dead end roads . hopefully this helps . there are all sorts of different types of layouts as well . circular cities , " palm " layouts , straight squares is what most people go for . anyways good luck ! i would recommend reading as much you can about traffic and theories people have to broaden your understanding of traffic . i might edit this post if anymore ideas pop in my head . one thing i did not discuss was commuting and how this can wreck havoc on your ideal road layout setup . if you have another city in your region , your main goal should be to closely monitor your population details ( ignore the rci guy ) . strive to have low unfilled jobs and low unemployment . if either is high , it will cause commuters in and commuters out , which can add extra burden on your traffic system and bring any city to its knees . services i wanted to also bring up the idea of placing important and traffic heavy services opposite of the flow of general working/shopping residents . the thought here is to put them in a location that will not impact the highest traffic roads . examples of this would be : police , fire , schools ( especially university ! this is very important ) , buses , basically any service or building that is going to bring traffic or depend on getting out to do their job . this applies to tourism and casinos as well , you do not want your worker traffic going to the same place as your tourists . in my example services would be ideal in east/west direction as worker traffic flow is going north/south :
the duration of the source power , in this case energy drain , is the time limit . so anytime during the duration of energy drain , you can use your incinerate and setup a tech burst . since energy drain does not really have a duration , you will likely need to have them happen simultaneously ( or nearly so ) in order to get the tech burst .
use the hotkey ' v ' . click on your unit , or even on one of his future waypoints , and hold the v key . move the mouse around , and you can see what his line of site is like , what he can shoot past , when he will hit a wall , etc .
you can buy packs from the c-store that have a random chance to produce personnel with the resolve stat . it is possible to win these duty personnel buy completing certain random duty missions . lastly , if you have the patience , you could check the exchange ; there is no way to search for that particular stat however . the following duty officer can be obtained at the academy by exchanging 5 green quality duty officers : name : voloror race : vulcan ( female ) rank : lt . junior dept : security specialization : security officer ground traits : tactful , ff , logical , resolve , telepathic
the following activated items can destroy rocks : anarchist cookbook - spawns 6 bombs in random locations so there is not a 100% chance that it'll break the rock you need . bobs rotten head - lets you throw a bomb in any of the 4 cardinal directions . dead sea scrolls - activates as any other random activated item , so it is super unreliable . the doctors remote - activates a crosshair that will drop a bomb on that location ( which can be changed ) after a designated amount of time . kamikaze ! - acts as if you blew up a bomb on your location . mr . boom - drops a big bomb on your location . the nail - allows you to walk through rocks for the room you activated it in , and instead of flying over them , you destroy them . additionally , one passive item , fetus in a jar , allows you to shoot bombs as tears , and one pill , explosive diarrhea , causes you to drop a few bombs as you walk . also , if you can kill a mulligoon near a rock , or prompt him to suicide near one , he will drop a bomb on his death . boom fly 's also serve the same purpose , except they immediately explode instead of dropping a bomb . fred fires projectiles in an upwards arc that explode upon hitting the floor , but they do not have much range so you need to wait for him to get close enough to the rock you want to destroy , stand near it , and dodge his projectile matador style . you can also use troll bombs ( which drop in place of regular bombs sometimes ) dropped from activated items and tarot cards , but in those situations , without the troll bomb you will get a regular bomb anyway , so they are not very practical . another way to break rocks is to use the high priestess tarot card to call down mom 's foot on a random enemy in the room . the foot will break any rocks around the impact point with about the same radius as a bomb explosion . this strategy is rather impractical though , as it occurs on a random enemy ( can be eliminated by having only one enemy left ) and you have to get the enemy to the rock you want to destroy ( which can be rather hard with some enemies ) . the wrath of the lamb expansion also adds the notched pickaxe , another activated item which allows you to break one rock per recharge ( one room ) as well as the passive item ipecec which behaves similarly to the fetus in a jar pickup , only the projectiles fly through the air and explode on impact . in addition , wrath of the lamb also adds many new enemies with explosive attacks ( only applicable in the new floors ) . these can be used in the same way as fred projectiles , by waiting near a rock and dodging the attack when it comes .
optifine has , among many other improvements , a clear water option ( under video options -> details ) . this is a pure client modification and works just as fine in smp . ( note that this is not compatible with mcpatcher , which is however not needed since optifine also includes hd texture support ) .
yes , provided the videos are encoded in a format that the xbox360 supports . also , you will need to install some software on your macbook to serve the video . connect360 and rivet are commercial products do this . there is also a question over on super user with some other options .
i havent played fifa for a while so this is not 100% but i am pretty sure there is no way to change the camera . all u can do is check the different camera settings in the option menu , and if it is not there then sadly no there is no way to change it . the warm up is mainly for fun and not for real match practice .
the ps3 supports the configuration of a proxy server in the network configuration . it can be any http proxy server . so you could try to run a simple proxy server on your computer , and point the ps3 to it . then , the proxy should be able to resume the download if the connection breaks , assuming it is setup as a caching proxy server .
here is a chart put together by someone on the endless space forums : post : http://forums.amplitude-studios.com/showthread.php?6030-hero-skills-tree chart : http://i.stack.imgur.com/22eao.jpg pilot most abilities key off veteran 1 +movement on fleet +offense and +defense +hp regen on fleet commander abilities scattered everywhere : assailant 1 , defender 1 , 2 , veteran 1-4 lots of battle actions : +crit on kinetics , +block , destroyed ships survive with 5% hp ( ! ) -accuracy to enemy +xp from battle +offense and +defense change assignment every turn corporate most abilities keyed off negotiator 1 and 3 +trade routes and trade route bonuses +20% science off veteran 2 -> dust wielder 1 administrator most abilities keyed off director 1 and 2 +approval ( flat ) +industry ( flat and % ) +food ( flat and % ) +defense off defender 1 adventurer most abilities keyed off veteran 1 > ground pounder 1 and veteran 3 +money leech +blockade bypass +science leech +melee and +offense a few battle actions : +critical on lasers , -defense mods on enemy , illusions other notes : all classes other than the adventurer get a special ability based off dust wielder 1 administrators seem completely overpowered pilots and commanders seem approximately equal for fleets . commander gets better actions , pilots get better passives . corporate and adventurers seem underwhelming , unless i am missing something
the default starting number of slots is three . you can purchase more individually , for $9.99 ( us ) each , or get them as part of various packages such as the starter kits .
you have not actually restarted the campaign , you have started playthrough 2 . however see how to get to play-through 1 after starting vault hunter mode ? for information on how to get back to playthrough 1 . but you have not lost anything and will probably want to play playthrough 2 with your buddies instead of continuing playthrough 1: see how do subsequent playthroughs work ? long story short , you will only get better guns and a decent challenge at this point by playing playthrough 2 . your current playthrough progress does not affect your ability to join friends games though ; even if your friends are in a different playthrough or part of the story you can always join their game ( the only risk is enemies may be impossible/crazy easy if your levels are mismatched ) . you can even hop into a dlc campaign you have not started via a friend ( only if you own the dlc of course )
yes , the xbox 360 will upscale classic xbox games to hd resolutions . whether that actually makes it look better or makes the polygons more obvious is in the eye of the player : )
this is a reference to the day notch got married , august 13th , 2011 . the linked page has explanations for all of the splash screen text , should that interest you .
yes , the maximum level in zuma blitz is indeed 80 . after reaching that level , you can no longer level up . you can choose to become a " zuma master " and return to level 1 , in exchange for a shiny gem on your zuma blitz profile . this site details all of the levels in the game : http://bchantech.blogspot.com/2010/12/zuma-blitz-level-up-table.html
at the moment , your only option is leaving the group entirely , it seems . there is a suggestion thread on the steam forums about this . it is been going since late 2008 , and as far as i can tell , it still is not possible .
if you referred 10.000 friends to league of legends until april 25th 2012 you were able to fly to riot games hq and design a champion with them . source : raf design a champ however this was removed and now there is no official way to suggest riot games champions you " invented " , except for the forum . in the forums you can post under the champion/item feedback section your ideas and hope that it will get lots of upvotes , so a riot employee looks at it , but it is very unlikely that a community-created champion sees the light of summoner 's rift .
there are waypoint markers for all your active missions on the map , that you can access in the ingame menu ( journal ) . to activate a mission marker to be displayed at all time in game , go to " view map " , search for the starting point , move the cursor over the mission and choose " track objective " . alternatively , you can go to the " objectives " tab in the journal and choose the option to track the objective from there . there should be a marker to the starting point of chapter 5 somewhere on the map . if you can not find it , here is a video with the starting points of all missions .
sorry to say this , but unless you play minecraft classic though the time machine in the new launcher , the latest version of java is not compatible with the browser-based minecraft classic .
play smarter ! my favorite vanguard on multiplayer is actually the drell vanguard . they make excellent support without too high of the charge-> nova risk , especially since on later waves its almost suicide to just charge in and have full shields , much less try for the charge-> nova leaving you with no half/shields . pros : strong support with pull spamming . pull is an excellent disabler , and with 200% cooldown ( i just carry a smg , a strong single pistol such as the hand cannon works as well ) , i can spam this none stop . the stagger is also extremely handy against armored pyros and rocket troopers , you can easily keep them from doing anything until your teammates take them down . cluster grenades rock . fully upgraded , these do a lot of damage . just hug a ammo cache or two ( on the harder difficulties your team really has to position themselves near some ammo to be effective ) , to be able to survive for a long time . biotic charge to build up barriers and to mop up small enemies with biotic explosion , do not use it to start a fight since you will be gunned down very quickly . use your missiles wisely . do not just use it on the big atlas that is halfway across the map . only use it when you see one charging at you while your team has to extract some data i.e. has to remain in one spot for a long time . if its just a standard kill all enemies wave , a smart team will be able to kite anything big to conserve the items . cons : weak vs armored targets . you really do not have anything great against armored targets once you run out of cluster grenades . you will have to rely on teammates and just use pull to stagger . if you are the last one alive , you will have to use charge to escape and go from ammo stash to ammo stash for the grenades since all you have for damage is a smg . if you have to play human vanguard , its not bad either , but rather than using the nova offensively , use it defensively . mop up any enemies that get too close to keep your team clean , do not use it to charge halfway across the map into a group of enemies .
yes , any mod that forced players to use a specific texture pack would also require the players to have something locally , to check with the server and see what pack it is using , then download and activate that pack . in minecraft 1.3 , a minecraft server will have the ability to recommend and provide a download of a texture pack .
the custom game selection will allow you to draw from maps that you have uploaded to battlenet via the galaxy editor . as i understand it this is exactly what you want to do and it sounds like you do understand how to publish a map . i believe there is an option to publish the map privately for custom game use , though i have not check since beta .
1 is a shrub . an impassible shrub that is used as a barrier for forests as opposed to those weird circle blocks on the right ( 2 ) which are used for cities/built up areas . i do not really think 2 is based on anything in real life , it is just there to impede progress and look kind of like it belongs around buildings .
assuming you want to capture animals ( groundhogs , horses , bears , dreaded rhesus macauqes ) as opposed to vermin . build a cage trap where the animals roam ( usually next to an outdoor food pile works well ) with b uild , t raps , c age . you will need a mechanism and a cage . mechanics skill is used to place the trap . you should probably designate an animal stockpile ( p , a ) where the animal will be taken after it is caught . after this , just wait for the animal to be caught . note : the capture live land animal option at the kennels catches vermin not animals .
one way i guess you can tell which server you played on is by using dotabuff.com . just replace your game id after matches/ . here is an example : http://dotabuff.com/matches/364337412 which gives these details : lobby type : normal matchmaking game mode : all pick region : south korea &lt ; &lt ; - which you interested in duration : 39:13 played : 22 hours ago hope that helps
i just tried all the options in the options menu and it appears to be impossible . and i agree with you , when i first started playing the campaign it irked me a bit that the scores kept loitering on my screen . it is unfortunate , but what can you expect from ea :/
it does indeed take both weapons into account . this can be tested by simply removing one of the two one-handers and then comparing the two-handed weapon with the remaining one-hander . the difference in stats shown will be different .
to ' activate ' the bird , click the trackpad .
enter cl_showpos 1 in the console . this will display your current position , angle , and velocity in the upper-right corner of the screen . to get the distance , open http://www.calculatorsoup.com/calculators/geometry-solids/distance-two-points.php in the in-game browser , plug your starting coordinates into the first box , your ending coordinates into the second box , and hit " calculate " .
luck is a stat that will increase the " level " of items that you find and your gambling output . for example , when you have the " luck foot " that cain starts with , you cannot get " bad " pills such as bad trip , speed down , and other such bad effects . you can however get neutral and good pills like " bad gas " , or health up . i do not recall if explosive diarrhea is considered bad or neutral . you also get many more " victories " when playing blood banks , the shell game , and slot machines .
according to the author of http://www.d3lexicon.com/ , a complete list of all conversations is given here . the data is gathered from the internals of the diablo iii client . you can filter the conversations by " fol " for " follower " at the beginning , then by " en " for " enchantress " , " sc " for " scoundrel " , " tp " for " templar " , and " all " for all of them . example " fol sc en wrld 2 " ( talk between scoundrel and enchantress ) : scoundrel : however did you become so good at charming others ? enchantress : i learned the charm spell long ago and spent many hours practicing it . scoundrel : that is not what i—never mind . example " fol all camp 02 " ( talk between all three followers ) : scoundrel : kormac , anyone can tell that you are lonely . let me help you find a woman . templar : i already told you : i have forsaken the pleasures of the flesh ! how hard can that be for you to understand ? scoundrel : there is no sin in merely talking to a lady , is there ? enchantress : the way you talk , there is . example " fol player en wrld 004 " ( talk between enchantress and player ) : enchantress : the templar is so strange around me at times . player : he is in love with you . enchantress : what ? ! player : you never noticed ? enchantress : no !
you get the credits , 20,000 xp , and a fountain through which you can return to the normal world . the endermen do stay there . depending on the server mods installed , you can get a new enderdragon using the /spawn command .
looks like loading the game from a previous save fixed the issue .
i think it is more of a timing issue . the farther you go the farther some of the jumps get and you have to hit it at the absolute last step before you fall and you will barely land it . to answer the original question though , there is not any way to jump higher .
make sure you have version 0.2 of the mod or higher . i had the same problem until i found the latest version of the got mod .
the blacksmith asks if i want light , medium or heavy armor . what equipment do you get if you choose medium ? if you choose light armor , you get imperial light shield ( light armor ) a full set of imperial light armor ( 4 pc ) . if you choose medium armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) imperial studded armor ( light armor - for chest ) the remaining parts of the imperial light armor set ( 3 pc ) . if you choose heavy armor , you get imperial shield ( heavy armor ) a full set of imperial heavy armor ( 4 pc ) .
yes , it is possible , via the menu brought up by pressing the home button . once inside this menu , do the following : controller settings > switch analog mode > analog mode` setting this to analog mode will enable the analog stick . i am uncertain what digital mode does , and the ps3 manual is not that helpful either . the only thing i can gather is that certain games only support one of the two modes , but does not offer any insight on what these two modes are .
stat potions are dropped by specific enemies , some enemies can drop multiple kinds of potions . attack potion beer god brute of oryx commander of oryx crystal prisoner cube god davy jones desire troll flying brain gigacorn greater nature sprite lord ruthven native sprite god oryx 's simulacrum oryx the mad god pentaract skull shrine spoiled creampuff sprite god the forgotten sentinel treasure sarcophagus white demon defense potion abyss idol archdemon malphas beer god beholder brute of oryx crystal prisoner cube god ent ent god horrific creation leviathan limon the sprite god oryx 's simulacrum oryx the mad god pentaract slime god skull shrine stone guardian speed potion brute of oryx crystal prisoner cube god djinn ghost bride ghost god grave caretaker jon bilgewater the pirate king medusa pentaract red demon skull shrine stheno the snake queen treasure sarcophagus troll matriarch dexterity potion crystal prisoner cube god hermit god jon bilgewater the pirate king limon the sprite god pentaract skull shrine vitality potion abyss idol archdemon malphas brute of oryx crystal prisoner cube god ghost of skuld grand sphinx hermit god murderous megamoth oryx the mad god pentaract skull shrine wisdom potion crystal prisoner cube god davy jones desire troll dr . terrible ghost bride gigacorn grand sphinx grave caretaker horrific creation oryx the mad god pentaract septavius the ghost god skull shrine swoll fairy troll matriarch life potion bes geb nut the forgotten king mana potion son of arachna thessal the mermaid goddess twilight archmage source : realmeye wiki
well , first , there are two terms you are using here that may cause confusion . ambience is the term used to describe the " cave noises " that play when near caves . i will assume that you are talking about the gameplay music , though , so here 's that . until recently , i thought that is was completely random , but it actually is not . a random track is selected at sunrise , sunset , noon , and midnight , though in some cases no music at all will be selected . this chooses completely randomly between the various minecraft in-game music tracks .
there are apparently 35 distinct mystery box rooms , 20 regular mystery boxes with 1 coin each and 15 gold mystery boxes with 2 coins each for a total of 50 star coins from mystery boxes . more than the single-player maximum star coins of 335 can be earned through streetpass mystery boxes which are duplicates of those 35 rooms . to see all variations , you need to reset the mystery boxes by either waiting 24 hours or changing the date/time on your 3ds .
it depends if a detection meter is shown above a survivor 's head upon them detecting your presence . if you get a survivor 's detection meter up until it turns red , that will count as them detecting your presence , and will cause you not to get the ' ghost ' achievement . this may be a " motivation " to put survivors asleep . this is the same for other npcs , not just survivors . if a survivor or any npc is friendly to you or does not mind your presence , a detection meter will not appear and that will not count as ' detected ' . i noticed that on a high chaos playthrough , survivors will have a detection meter and might alert hostile , armed npcs . while on a low chaos playthrough , they will not mind your presence ( no detection meter ) .
i really wanted to disprove your statement as it was hard for me to accept that a human could be doing things faster than how it was implemented in the game , however , you are right . to test this , i did something relatively easy . i have gotten myself a level 1 outlander , dualwielded the pistols you start with ( they fire every 0.88 second ) and went to the dummy of act i ( with my pet on passive ) . since outlanders get charge and this charge gives them higher attack speed , i used the console to always have full charge . this gives us a 10% higher attack speed and our guns should thus fire every 0.968 second . then i did 2 tests . one where i did a 30 second combat parse with just holding the mouse to attack and one where i did a 30 second combat parse using an autoclicker to click every 10ms . with the console command combatlog this parse gets written to a file . i removed unimportant lines from the file such as Player interrupted Dummy and was left with only lines that have attacks on them ( either normal attacks or fumbled attacks , i tested till i had a series with no execution attacks ) . when holding the mouse to attack , there were 58 attacks in 30 seconds . this means an attack every 0.967 second ( = trunc(58 / (2 * 30)) ) . we see that this is indeed corresponding with the ingame displayed weaponspeed ( see previous ingame weaponspeed above ) . now , when using the autoclicker , there are 62 attacks in 30 seconds ! so we can achieve more attacks if we click ourselves ( although really , really fast ) . so your statement is most definitely true . however , clicking once every 10ms like the autoclicker is somewhat hard to achieve . i tested my own fastest clicking speed on this site and i got a result of 7 clicks per second or about a click every 143ms . running the autoclicker with an interval of 143ms ( he is more consistent than i am ! ) i get a total of 53 attacks in 30 seconds . so even if it is technically possible to perform better by just clicking the mouse , i really doubt any of us can truly achieve the same amount of attacks as when just holding the mouse .
emblems are special items given by gods when your favor with one of them reaches 1000 . you can garner favor with gods by doing quests ( which often assign a number of favor points to a particular god associated with the task you completed ) or by donating to the shrine of a specific god . donations award xp ( up to a daily cap ) and favor , the amount of which is proportional to the value of the item donated . this particular emblem is gained by donating to the god pot and enables you to learn master chef ii . all emblems are tied to a specific high-level skill which you unlock when you earn the emblem .
link to post ugly formatting but here are the hints . click on the send pet to town icon in your pet 's inventory or near his health badge to send them off to sell your excess items , so that you can keep adventuring . hold alt to see any items scattered on the ground , or toggle this view with the magnifying glass icon . use the mouse-wheel to zoom in and out . clicking the mouse-wheel button will reset your view . holding shift while attacking will force you to remain in place during combat . holding shift while clicking on an item will cause your pet to run and pick it up . holding shift while clicking on an item in a merchant screen will instantly sell or buy it . unidentified items may be identified by using an identify scroll . right-click on the item to identify it if and it will automatically use any identify scrolls you have . left-click on monsters to attack them . hold the left mouse button down to continuously attack . right-click to use your currently assigned skill or spell . you can also use tab to switch between it and an alternate skill , noted on the right skill interface at the bottom of the screen . when you gain a level , remember to assign any points you may have earned to improve your player 's attributes . these attributes increase damage and improve defenses . feed fish to your pet to turn them into creatures with varying abilities , strengths , and weaknesses . press m to toggle the minimap , and use the [ and ] keys to zoom in and out . some equipment can only be used if you meet level or stat requirements . requirements you do not currently meet are displayed in red . if you find yourself dying too much , try to increase your armor . higher armor equipment reduces damage that monsters deal to you . elemental armors , like fire armor , help reduce the elemental damage you take , as well as reducing the chance of harmful effects , like burning . purple damage numbers mean you have ' fumbled ' the attack , which reduces damage . press j to view the arcane statistics panel and learn about this and other combat mechanics . your pet can now buy basic items like potions and scrolls from town . check out the fourth tab in your pet 's inventory to access the shopping list . items purchased this way will be added to your inventory when your pet returns . green items have minor enchantments . blue items are more rare and powerful . gold items are unique and have the best enchantments . purple items are related to quests . holding ctrl while attacking will only move you or use a skill if you have a target highlit . this is useful to prevent inadvertent movement during fast combat . if you find good loot which your character can not use , consider trading it with another player or keeping it in your shared stash for your other characters to use . if you are wielding two similar weapons , like any two melee weapons or two pistols , you have a chance to execute , striking with both weapons at one time . investing in your focus attribute improves this chance . passive skills are always in effect , but sometimes you need to have the right weapon equipped . in multi-player games , the monsters you fight will do more damage to you and take more damage to defeat , based on the numbers of players nearby . those nearby players will also get full experience for each monster killed . in multi-player games , any loot that you find will be visible only to you . feel free to take everything ! the other players will get their own loot . claw weapons are fast , but do not hit adjacent monsters . hammers tend to be slow but interrupt monster attacks and skills . axes do more consistent damage . polearms have longer range . most melee weapons do splash damage , hitting adjacent monsters in an arc in front of you . two-handed weapons have longer and wider arcs and do a larger amount of damage to these splash targets . cannons and shotgonnes attack multiple enemies in wide , but short arcs . crossbows have the longest range . pistols are fast , but have shorter range . bows have an average range . wands and staves do mostly elemental damage , which tends to be useful for embermage skills and perhaps any character investing in focus . remember to feed fish to your pet ! it will make your pet stronger and give you a critical combat boost when the going gets tough . look for fishing holes in the wilderness . the damage you do is reduced by your target 's armor ; more armor means less damage . attacks can score a critical hit , doing extra damage . check the arcane statistics panel for more combat details . most enchanters can enchant any item two times . others are more skilled and can grant a third or fourth enchantment ! enchanters can also remove existing enchantments allowing items to be enchanted again . do not save your ember for later ! use them in any piece of equipment with an open socket . you will find better varieties soon , and the ancient art of combining gems to make better ones has been lost in this era . higher level monsters do more damage and have more armor and health . these key combat statistics make fighting monsters above your own an increasingly difficult task . the z key will drink your best health potion . the x key will drink your best mana potion . shift + z key will heal your pet instead of you . press the [ space bar ] to quickly close any currently open interface panels . if no panels are open , instead it will access your inventory and character panels . when quest items are picked up , they are stored in your quest log [ q ] , not in your inventory . fire damage can randomly cause enemies to burn , doing extra damage over 3 to 7 seconds . burning bypasses armor and is good for taking down tougher enemies . ice damage can randomly cause enemies to freeze , slowing their attacks , skills and movement by 33% for 3 to 4 seconds . electrical damage has a chance to randomly shock enemies for 3 to 5 seconds . when you hit a shocked target , the impact releases 3 small charged bolts that can strike multiple targets up to10 meters away . poison damage has a chance to randomly poison enemies , reducing their armor and damage dealing by 33% for 3 to 5 seconds .
i found i could find specific spots standing on rocks in the area where i could shoot at them from range and they could not hit me . finding one of those locations and using ranged attacks might be your best bet if you are having trouble .
when you serve from the left side of your field to the right side , stand at the most left point of the field , aim to the most right side of the other field and try to get the full power . it is hard to do an ace , but it is possible . for me , this way is the easiest way !
( tl ; dr version in bold ) there are many national wonders that require a certain building in all of your non-puppet cities , the national college being one of them . if you complete the wonder and only then settle a new city , there is no problem - the wonder is still there even if the new city is missing the required building . if you are in the middle of the wonder construction , the construction will halt , and you will be forced to choose a different production project . however , the wonder construction will retain its progress , so once the new city gets the required building ( and that can happen immediately , if you just buy it ) , you can continue working on it from the point you stopped . well , technically there is a production " decay " - i believe that if you do not continue working on the wonder for 50 turns , then it starts slowly losing progress . i always manage to get those buildings long before the decay kicks in , though . as an aside , as far as i know , the production decay is not exclusive to interrupted buildings . if you just switch a construction project by your own volition , it also applies - the progress will remain for 50 turns ( 10 for units ) , and then decay . this is different with interrupted world wonders ; you cannot continue working on them , so instead you are reimbursed with gold .
here 's a quote from the minecraft wiki : in the final release of 1.8 , the enderman 's eyes are now purple , and instead of emitting smoke they emit nether portal particles . so there is no difference between them , they have only changed up the skin a bit from the pre-release to the actual release . source
you can often get around the blocks that they have in place by simply contacting steam support ( you need to register a separate account at their site ) and requesting the american store , but you will then have to pay with an american credit card . i did this several times when i was in australia and it takes 1-3 days for them to unlock your account to do so , so it may not be the best option for grabbing that game on sale . i played the uncensored version of l4d2 while i was in australia via this method , though i could not play multiplayer ( i am not sure if there were any local multiplayer servers in any case )
if there is a tie in the end of a gp , the human player will beat the cpus . in 2-player gps , player 1 will beat player 2 if they are tied .
yes , the console command to immediately force quit the game is qqq
it is the middle three people , but you are right on how on how to kill them : tactic : mark the 3 hvts for your teammates and give the command for a synched shot . all of them will be dead within a second . if you have problems to locate one of the hvts then throw motion sensors . source also watch this video on how to do it .
the " definition of insanity " solution there appears to be a glitch in hearthfire where giving your kids clothes can make them naked . the solution to this appears to be to give them more clothes . it is possible that an unrelated glitch made them naked in the first place , and then giving them clothes made them naked-er . giving them another set might be enough to fix the problem . the " abandonment " solution many bugs in skyrim can be rectified by leaving the area long enough that the area resets . for this to work , you have got to leave the house ( and the general area - get far away for best results ) and then take it easy for about 10 consecutive days . you will not win any parent-of-the-year awards , but you might get your kids clothes back on them . the " put that down " solution if you are playing on pc , you can try emptying out their inventory and then giving them clothes again to see if they will wear them . as always , back up your save before playing with the console ! open the console by pressing the ~ key click on the child . enter the command removeallitems player - this will put everything in the child 's inventory into yours . disable the child with disable enable the child with enable now try giving them their clothes back , and seeing if they put them on .
i have been having really good luck with kill confirmed . you get xp for kills , plus for their tags , plus if you can find a ) other tags from friendly kills or b ) red tags from enemy kills you will also get xp . a really good thing to try and do is to go back and get your own tags after your killed , it is a +250 xp bump .
signing up for cod elite ( even the free version ) grants you 2 hours worth of double xp , but they were having issues with elite , so not everyone got it right when they signed up . the website is still down , but you can check their twitter feed , where they are telling multiple people that they should be getting their double xp boost soon : https://twitter.com/#!/callofdutyelite chances are you signed up for the elite website at some point , and that is where your 2 hours came from . incidentally , when you view your playercard in the barracks , you will not only see the gold xp icon in the upper right , but towards the bottom there is a timer that shows how much double xp time you have remaining .
just fyi , hammerdin is one of the most expensive builds in the game so if you are expecting an elite character , you will have to save up for much better equipment than what you are using . as it is also a very mana intensive build , at the very minimum you should invest in a insight runeword poleaxe ( ral+tir+tal+sol ) for an act 2 mercenary , which will give you a very useful meditation aura and also allow you to swap out some of the mana items you are currently using for ones that will increase your survivability ( +hp , +resists , +skills , etc . ) . if you can not get your hands on a heart of the oak ( best weapon for hammerdins , hands down ) , some alternative cheap weapons that should not be too hard to find/trade for are the atlantean ancient sword , a suicide branch , or a wizardspike . another thing to keep in mind is that crystalline passage/frozen river is a very tough area due to the succubus/siren mobs , as well as the claw vipers which can tear you to pieces if you do not avoid their attacks and kill them fast enough . i highly suggest that you navigate these areas very slowly , making sure to stay fully healed and aware of your surroundings , especially once you get to hell . speaking from experience , even my heavily equipped level 96 sorceress has issues in this area , as well as my level 93 hammerdin .
gearbox may address this in a later update . it is finally here ! august 29th saved the player 's vehicle skin choice so that it does not have to be re-chosen in each new play session . source : bl2 official patch notes
there are a few ways out if you just happen to have the right items still left in your pared-down inventory : a sand or gravel block : you can jump up and place blocks around and above the hole so that one of these blocks falls through you into the bottom of the hole . you can then jump up onto it to get out . be sure to only drop one block for you and your villager to jump up on since two will suffocate you . a water source block ( i.e. . water bucket ) : you can place this outside the hole so that it flows into the hole , then swim up the waterfall . be sure to pick the source up quickly after you swim out so your villager does not risk drowning . a boat , minecart , or bed : you can jump and place these outside the hole , then jump again to right-click on them , which will place you inside/on them and safely out of the hole . if you do not have any of these , but you do have the materials to craft them ( along with a crafting table ) , then you can jump up to place a crafting table outside , jump up to right-click on it , and then make what you need . an ender pearl : jumping up and throwing it will teleport you out of the hole . if you are patient you could even wait until night to lure a passing enderman over and kill it for one . saddled pig rescue : if there is a saddled pig nearby , or a nearby pig you could saddle , then jumping up and right-clicking on it will also get you out . if you do not happen to have any of these items , i think your only hope is to position yourself just right so you can dig away at a wall block without hitting the villager 's hitbox . of course , you could also wait until you get killed by mobs or starve to death , then just respawn and return to free your villager .
deal of the week is not the only way prices are reduced on xbla . there are more : there was also a christmas promotion ( a game a day ) last year and xbla inventory blowout this year . major nelson is a good ( and an advance ) source of such information : major nelson 's deal tag
there really is not , as such . ( in new vegas , i believe one of the higher-level perks will tell you . ) however , if you highlight someone with vats , you can get some indication , as you will see how much ( or how little , natch ) damage your current weapon will do to them upon a successful hit . ( note that you will see primarily what a critical hit would do ; divide that roughly by half to see what a normal hit will do . )
no , dittos cannot breed with other dittos .
i found it ! it was the magic wand , which is formed from 3 ironwood branches plus the magic stick .
some combination of rebooting and verifying the integrity of the game cache via steam sorted it out .
very few buildable things in dwarf fortress block movement . as you witnessed yourself , tables and chairs are casually ignored . there are two principle items that block movement ( nothing slows movement , unless the dwarf is carrying something particularly heavy , like an elephant cage ) constructions -- specifically walls . dwarves can not go through walls , natural or constructed ( duh ! ) . also included in this category are flood gates , bars ( horizontal or vertical , for their respective directions ) , raised bridges , and locked doors / hatches . statues , windows , etc . workshops -- the specifics of which workshops block which spaces varies greatly based on the workshop itself . do mind the jeweler 's workshop , one of the few workshops to block the three leftmost squares of the workshop 's 3x3 grid ; more than one dwarven overseer has accidentally locked their poor jeweldwarves inside 3x3 rooms when they arrived to construct the workshop .
to safely release the goblin where you want it . build the cage , using b uild , ca j e , e x pand ( to show all cages and their contents ) , and build the cage where you want it . you can then connect a lever to the cage ( q uery the lever , a dd a task to connect to the cage , and use that to release the caged creature ( goblin or otherwise ) by pulling the lever ( add a task to p ull ) . you can also use the take from stockpile command to move them to another stockpile .
the only role that can viably buy an early vampiric scepter is a jungler . this is because lifesteal procs off auto attacks , and in early game you should not be auto attacking creeps because it will push your lane too much . one of the main ideas behind stacking doran 's is that it provides a cheap advantage for early game harrasment . if two champions with similar base stats are harassing each other , the champ with 2 doran 's will have greater sustain in lane and most likely will win the harrasments . having more health allows you to win the skirmishes against your opponent , survive jungler ganks , last hit easier , and stay in the lane after a failed jungle gank or harassment . this does put you behind for getting your first big purchase item , however given that a b . f . sword ( the most common big purchase for ad champs ) is 1550g , spending an early 475g on a second doran 's , and consequently getting greater cs ( note that after ~25 cs the dorans has paid for itself ) and champ kills , can actually allow you to get that b . f . sword sooner .
to defend embarked units in vanilla : remember that they do not die in one hit in general , they just can be destroyed by naval units that " walk " into them . in other words , ranged attacks do not always insta-kill them . remember that moving from a hex adjacent to one of your ship to another hex adjacent to one of your ships will deplete the entire turn for the enemy ship - in other words , if you keep your navy in front with gaps of two hexes or less , you can effectively block enemy ships from moving into your embarked units . if you get really frustrated , play as songhai - their embarked units can defend themselves , so naval units can no longer " just move " into them - though they still suffer heavy damage . things are very different in g and k : all embarked units can defend themselves , same way the songhai units can in vanilla . you can stack naval units on top of embarked units , defending them . you can use melee naval units to conquer cities , so you do not have to deploy melee ground units for that . in general , the naval combat in g and k is significantly revised , especially with the separation of naval units into melee and ranged units .
apparently , steam installs an incompatible version of games for windows . uninstall " microsoft games for windows – live redistributable " , " microsoft games for windows marketplace " and then reinstall them from here .
it is irrelevant as far as fighting goes other than the fact that you get to play through with all your upgrades . but as far as all the doors and souls , yes and no . for the doors , once you enter them , all the doors have a default difficulty . so no matter what mode your playing in , son of sparda , dante must die , etc . , the demons in the doors remain the same . really weak after you have upgraded . as far as souls , you do technically require certain weapons and upgrades to even reach some of the souls .
the bound npcs spawn just like monsters : they appear in a radius around you , off-screen , and will despawn at some point . if they are killed or despawn by themselves before you get to them , they will eventually spawn around you again . all of them will only spawn while you are underground . additionally : the wizard only spawns in hard mode . the mechanic only spawns in the dungeon . the goblin tinkerer only spawns after you have fended off a goblin invasion . the goblin tinkerer has pretty much no preferred hangouts . see this answer i gave here ; basically , the most effective way to find him is to wander around aimlessly underground while chugging hunter potions ( it reveals bound npcs just like monsters ) . playing fullscreen at native resolution also helps .
the game levels around you but when you end up seeing is different types of creatures ( draugr thralls at level 1 for example and draugr wights at level 13 ) instead of the same creatures of different levels ( a thrall that is level 1 or level 13 ) . kind of building off of what zig-zag has said , you simply need to learn them . if you do not want to use an outside source or the console commands ( if available to you on the pc ) , then all you have is trial and error . however , if you want to look this information up then i would point you to the uesp skyrim bestiary . this contains links to all the major types of creatures and on their specific pages you are given level information so you can see what names of creatures your spells will be able to affect . it is honestly too much information to copy and paste here but maybe someone will amass a table of it all ( despite se not having good table support ) .
if your chief medical dwarf is not doing diagnosis tasks , he is probably too busy . diagnosis is an annoyingly low-priority job , so the cmd would rather do basically anything else , even carting stuff from place to place around the fortress . i would turn off all other labors the cmd has turned on ( except for diagnosis ) until he gets off his butt and does his job . of course , he might take the opportunity to go " on break " for a couple weeks , then take a drink for a while , then eat his seasonal meal , but that happens sometimes . of course , since you mentioned your injured dwarf has been resting for over a year , most likely he is permanently disabled . most dwarves will heal anything healable within 4-6 months , so if he has not healed yet , he probably ain't gonna . i recommend a topical application of magma ; i find this tends to cure anything that refuses to heal in some other manner .
do not underestimate the power of ; player morale team chemistry i have gone through the same before and noticed a couple of midfielders with either poor morale , fitness , or chemistry . formation tweaks , and fitness/morale cards saved the day .
ok , i can now confirm : a new slim , pal xbox 360 worked with a relatively old ntsc ( 60gb/hdmi ) xbox 360 . system link was flawless , we connected the two directly with a lan cable however : the two copies of halo 3 we had were both ntsc , not pal . i am not sure whether this would work with pal+ntsc game copies . p . s halo 3 > reach
after spoiling myself and watching a few videos on youtube i can say that yes , that is all that can be explored in the demo version . what the demo fails to explain is that actually you start a " level " by reaching its starting sector in free roam through the game 's world . that is , the full version does not yank you to a level selection screen after rescuing the first crew member . the opening in the pink area allows for further exploration .
the complete details for each gem type and quality level appear on the official guide : http://eu.battle.net/d3/en/item/gem/ in short : +mf means magic find .
to change the group designation for a unit , assign the units to the new group , deselect all units , then press ctrl + the old group number ( this assigns the group to nothing ) . the only way to remove units from a group is to select the group , deselect the specific units , then re-assign those units to the same group .
well , according to the wiki article , it is totally random : all strongholds are located at random in a radius between 640 and 1152 blocks from the origin , 0/0 . due to the generation algorithm , the stronghold proper may extend further in or out of that circle . the three strongholds are spawned at equal angles from the center point of the world ( that is , each stronghold is 120 degrees from the others , measured from the origin . ) strongholds are still limited to 3 in a world . [ 1 ] they can be located using an eye of ender . this was not enough to definitively conclude anything , though , so i decided to look into the source code . here 's a snippet : that code determines the allowed biomes for a stronghold . you will notice that it includes a great variety of biomes . ( this code is from 1.1 , so jungle is not in there , but it probably is in 1.2.3 . ) the rest of the code is fairly uneventful , and includes no biasing or weighting to a certain biome . so no , swamps have the same probability as any other biome to generate a stronghold .
the secret ( which is no real secret ) is to finish in as few moves as possible , as fast as you can . if you find a hand you can finish in under 100 moves , replay it several times until you get the moves memorized without having to think about them . then just keep practicing and watch your times decrease . to get none of the top 25 scores , you will need a time of around 25 seconds ( i am not sure if this is till the case or not , but times under 25 seconds will not give you the bonus because the programmers assume they are glitches ) .
to cure a poisoned worm , just collect a health crate with it . poisoned worms lose 5 health points per turn .
increasing from 1x to 5x , if spending all needed pp , after the same time , 5 of the enqueued ship will be produced . increasing from 1⟳ to 5⟳ will produce one ship at a time , but will produce another ship at the same place on the queue each time one is finished . it will take at least 5x as long to build the ships , but only one at a time will be produced . increasing both numbers will , for example , build 5 ships at a time , and then build 5 more after those are finished , and continue doing so until 5 groups of 5 ships have been produced .
this one is kind of weird - basically , you need to target them with the trigger in the middle of doing the proper tasks . so for example , catch the farmers while they are milking cows , the tailor knitting , etc . it is the sort of things you had expect to find in the " encyclopedia of the common man " . generally you will probably have to leave the area and come back a lot to easily see everything . ( i do not have a full list of activities handy but i can maybe try to collate one later when i am back in front of the game . )
i believe , basing on reallygoodpie 's answer , i do know something that would work most of the time . unless you are a devout traveler and wandered for days away from the spawn point ( not too smart , a creeper blows up you and your bed and you are back to spawn , days away from home - not to mention all three strongholds are between 640 and 1152 blocks from the spawn ) we can assume your nether portal was somewhere within , say , 3200 blocks radius from 0 , y , 0 ( that is like 9 maximum zoom-out maps ! ) . since coordinates in nether are an eighth of the overworld , that means the portal will be within 400 blocks from 0 , y , 0 ( and you can estimate the radius by estimating the distance of the overworld portal from spawn . ) you can also estimate the altitude ( y ) - 64 if that was the surface , more for hills , less for underground . now locate 0 , y , 0 using f3 and then travel in spiral around that point , trying to explore increasingly wider circle of terrain and controlling your distance using the coordinates . that way you should not miss any terrain and be able to locate familiar areas and eventually the portal - six chunks radius is not something beyond hope for exploring , and most people will have their homes ( and portals ) within 1000 radius , that is mere 2 chunks of nether away from spawn . ( and if you remembered rough direction of your portal from spawn , using the cobblestone compass trick you can head straight for your portal from the " origin" ) another option , inspired by loren : if you have enough wood , or a chest - or are near enough from the portal ( say , aforementioned 0 , y , 0 ) - or are patient enough to locate a treasure chest at a fortress - write down your coords , dump all your equipment , suicide , then go , retrieve it all - stopping long enough to take note of the portal location this time .
need for speed : hot pursuit does not offer anti-aliasing on its own , but you can override aa from within your graphic cards driver software ( control panel for nvidia cards ) . this has been working for nfs:hp for nvidia cards since the 266.44 driver .
magickapedia says that there is only 20 levels . so any more than this is probably a hack . there have been issues where ( as of 1.3.4.0 ) where chapter 3 only includes the end boss fight . the temporary fix for this includes editing the xml documentation to state what level to start at . it would not surprise me if the challenge xml files can be edited as well . possibly to have multiple low enemy levels or high point enemies with added player advantages .
instructions identify cheaters early on in the game , if possible . cheaters often have absurd win and loss records , i.e. 100 wins and no losses . they usually will have hacked the game to give them use of unlimited items . for example , if you are hit with a blue shell early in the race and no one has had time to even reach the first item box , you are probably dealing with a cheater . quit out of matches against cheaters . if you are able to identify a cheater before the match starts by looking at his win/loss record , then quit out before the match starts . if you quit out before the match starts you will not receive a loss . if the match has already started , quit out anyway . attempting to race against cheaters at all rewards their behavior . report the problem to nintendo . although there is not any official way to deal with cheating in mario kart , i.e. by banning the hackers , the nintendo tech support forum suggests that you fill out an online customer service form so nintendo can investigate . fill out all the pertinent information that you can remember about the match such as method of cheating and the player 's name . a link to the form is available in the resources section . source and here is a link for a nintento form .
these locatons unlock in future playthroughs . unfortunately when you finished the game ( which i am assuming you did ) and you selected the secret mission you made yourself ineligible on this playthrough to unlock the doors . see this ign thread . it is generally suggested to play through the game multiple times unitl you have visited all of the paths and then tackle the secret quests . so basically if you want these paths to unlock you can not take on the secret quests you need to just select a new playthrough .
there is no point in helping the rabbit besides the achievement ( bunny buddies ) earned for doing so . there are several little achievement items like this scattered throughout the game , but they do not do anything to impact the overall story .
if possible , you should always run a game on the native resolution of a monitor ( assuming it is an lcd of some kind , which your laptop is ) as it will look " best " . that being said , there is absolutely no penalty , performance , heat , or otherwise for turning this option on . if it looks fine to you ( i think it would drive me crazy ) , go ahead and do it .
in the normal tabletop card-game , if there are multiple creatures blocking one creature , it is the attacking-player who gets to choose what order to assign the damage . in magic 2012: dotp , when you are the attacker , by default the computer chooses an order for you ( to keep the game " simple" ) . you can however change it so that you get to decide the order every time by going to settings --> advanced --> uncheck " auto assign damage . "
along with the things said , your choices for cars opens up a little further , and the upgrades you have to apply to your cars for pro races make them faster . the upgrade to all-star will also cost you to upgrade your existing cars and they will be faster again .
i accomplished this once . some things i remember : i had to weaken/kill off some particular number of units , 5 maybe ? i think i had to do that fairly close to the city state . once i did , they were my allies for a long time after . the relations boost was substantial . you might have missed something else entirely . i know in the case of barbarian missions you must be the one to finally kill the units , weakening them in any amount is simply ignored . maybe that applies here ? on another note , gifting units provides only a minor boost in relations , nothing compared to fulfilling any request or any gift of gold . you should not bother unless you really do not want the unit you are gifting . ( i let military city-states spawn units for me always , and simply give them right back if i do not need them . )
someone has reported ( reddit - /r/dishonored ) that getting blink ii will indeed stop the mostly flesh and steel achievement from unlocking . another report ( also from /r/dishonored ) . also , from the " notes on stealth detection , chaos , and trophies/achievements " post in the bethesda forums by gstaff , an admin and ' global community lead': i did not receive the ‘mostly flesh and steel’ achievement/trophy despite only using the blink supernatural ability . why ? the description reads “besides blink , ” however , this is referring to the initial blink power that you receive from the ousider in the dream . purchasing blink level 2 will prevent the achievement/trophy from unlocking . equipping bone charms will not count against this achievement/trophy .
the most obvious difference is that the archery passive gives you a different bonus depending on your weapon type of choice . a second difference is the choice for the secondary hand - with a hand crossbow it is either another hand crossbow , a shield or a quiver , while with a bow or crossbow the only option is a quiver . finally , there is another very important attribute beyond just the affixes and dps : attack speed . while dps dictates how much damage you can do per second , different attack speeds really encourage different styles of play . slower attack weapons can get rid of enemies before they can to you , but higher speed weapons have a mobility and no-overkill advantages . i usually prefer higher-speed weapons even when it means sacrificing some dps .
if you are extremely distant from the objective , the waypoint system will indicate the closest node with a yellow chalice icon . when closer , you can hit tab to pull up the map overlay and drag it around to find a direction/destination .
the shopkeeper is outside , around the left side of the building .
without access to console/mods you are on your own to recheck all locations , note that there are few issues and in some cases they can be helpful . periodically , some stones apparently respawn at their initial place , such as the one in jarl elisif the fair 's quarters ( ps3/xbox ) . in calixto 's house of curiosities , it may be possible to obtain a stone at calixto 's museum on one of the shelves if every other location has been exhausted without obtaining all twenty-four ( xbox ) . there is a delay between when you click on the stone and when the stone is added to your inventory . if you click on a stone multiple times before it actually picks up , you will receive one stone but the quest will count it as two or more . this can be used to complete the quest faster as it does not affect the ability to move forward . if the stone of barenziah in reeking cave cannot be found beside the dead mage after applying patch 1.4 , a glitch will need to be utilized to reaccess the thalmor embassy and pick it up from its original location . this bug has been found in all versions of the game , and videos to resolve the situation are available on youtube . for some reason , the gem may not appear on the counter where it supposed to sit in fellglow keep . the stone in wuunferth the unliving 's quarters may not be there after the quest blood on the ice . as of now , there is no known fix to this . for gems found inside dungeons where you might be fighting npcs - they can be knocked off their table , shelf , pedestal or whatever by spells , arrows , bodies running into them , walking over them etc . and sometimes fall into inaccessible locations like a deep furrow in the ground or underneath furniture . in such a case , you may need to return to the area after a few in-game days and hope that the item locations are reset back to where they were at initially . if somehow you are able to use mods these should do what you need , though i can not guarantee how they react when you have already found most of the stones . . . be careful with saved games . http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=9385 http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=13274
there is three things you want in a split push champion . the first is the ability to take down towers quickly . you only have so much time before the enemy team figures out you are there , and you need to make the most of it . similarly , you want to be able to clear out minion waves quickly , though this is a smaller issue as a lot more champions can do this easily . the second is dueling capability . often times the enemy team might send only one or two champions to stop your push while the rest try to continue what they are doing . certain champions excel at winning 1v1 's and even some 1v2 's , and if you are playing one of those , you can just kill them and continue pushing . the third quality is escape ability . sooner or later the entire enemy team is going to come after you , and at that point it would be a great idea to try and get out alive . a very good ( and very cheap ) split pusher is master yi . his abilities include a massive ad boost , a massive as boost , an incredible movement boost , and even resistance to slows . this is literally everything a split pusher could ever ask for , as you will be able to murder towers and lone enemy champions , and he is nearly impossible to catch . however , there is three other things you should do to increase the chances of succeeding with your split push . the first is to choose your spots well . if the enemy team is currently teamfighting your allies in the bottom lane , by all means , go take out a couple top lane towers . if three of them are dead and you have vision on the other two , again , push to your hearts desire . if they are all live and none of them are visible ? that is a bad time to push . the second is to ward well . there is this nifty 75 gold item known as a sight ward , that lets you see a small area of the map . plant these things at choke points around the area you plan on pushing , and you will know when the enemy team is coming for you . this makes escaping much easier , and is likely to save your life several times through a match . ( they are also very important for normal laning and teamfighting , but that is another issue . ) the third and final thing is the teleport summoner spell . if you have got a huge minion wave pushing top but you are currently back at base , teleport there and you will get the tower down before they know what hit them . on the contrary , if you have just taken down an inhibitor and you know they are coming for you ( thanks to those wards you placed earlier ) , you can use it like a much faster recall to get out of there . . . possibly to another lane you can push down . on the flip side , keep in mind that teleport is also an amazing way to stop a split push as well . if you see three enemy champions with teleport , you might be better off just trying to teamfight . similarly , if they have abilities that can effectively emulate a teleport ( twisted fate , nocturne , or pantheon 's ultimates ) , you need to be a lot more careful , as they can appear at any time and try to kill you . one last thing , although split pushing is a valid and extremely effective tactic , keep in mind that there are times where it is just better to teamfight . if the enemy team 's main push would kill your nexus before your backdoor can destroy theirs , you need to go back and help out your team . this can also apply to fights around baron , as winning that buff is often enough to seal the game . then again , in the eu vs na all star game , a split push during a baron fight took out everything in na 's base short of the nexus itself , so use your own judgement . good luck , and happy split pushing !
as raven dreamer says , only " classic " wow zones were updated with cataclysm , although some experienced much more profound alterations than others . in terms of starting areas : alliance side : a new worgen character experiences the siege of gilneas by the forsaken , during which time he or she is bitten by one of the numerous worgen running amok in the city . quests here focus on saving the people of your falling kingdom while coming to terms with your new identity as a half-human . this is a dramatic story with lots of phasing and atmosphere . a new human character appears outside stormwind and will help restore order in the aftermath of the cataclysm : your main opponents are hogger 's riverpaw thugs and the low-level minions of the current end-game antagonists , the twilight 's hammer . there are some fun and funny quests , but it was nowhere near as dramatic or interesting as the worgen opening , in my mind . a new dwarf appears in an isolated settlement southwest of ironforge and must train and prepare for the trip out of the backwoods and into the alliance . most of the combat at this point was against local flora and fauna , rather than major organized factions , although i think at least one of beast-men tribes—snobolds , perhaps ? —is getting support from one of deathwing 's elemental underlings . a new gnome appears in gnomeregan ; my understanding is that it is just been retaken by the gnomes , and a new player has to deal with isolated pockets of resistance before going up against a major mechanized rebellion . have not actually played this one , yet . a new night elf will explore darnassus while learning about kaldorei culture , before beginning a very antagonistic relationship with a particular satyr , who starts you off on quite the campaign of corruption-chasing through northern kalimdor . i enjoyed these quests , but like all classic races , they were not nearly as dramatic as the cataclysm-exclusive races . the draenei starting area is still unchanged from the burning crusade . horde side : a new goblin character is an up-and-coming executive on an isolated goblin utopia . you will get a fast car and some flunkies and clear out as many obstacles as you can to becoming the next trade prince—but the cataclysm will destroy your entire civilization and leave those of you who tried to escape stranded on an island where you will gradually be introduced to the horde and your destiny as their premiere artillery faction . incredible use of drama and phasing ; easily the most personal quests i have experienced . if you can stomach the playful use of anachronism and satire , this is some of the best that world of warcraft has to offer . a new orc has to help survey areas affected by the cataclysm and reassert orcish control of durotar and surrounding regions . it is been such a long time since i played this that i can not honestly remember too much about it . a new troll gets to see the newly reclaimed senjin village and deal with increasing tension between the orcs and the other races of the horde , while simultaneously putting up with human coastal invaders ( i am assuming ) . have not played this one yet . a new tauren must deal with the rift that garrosh hellscream caused by killing cairne bloodhoof , but i do not know much more than that , as i have not played this opening yet . a new forsaken will learn what life is like for the unliving while trying to make the transition easier for the newly undead—including lilian voss , whose powers are certainly unusual . there is a lot of worgen and scarlet outposts that you have to deal with , and a lot of tension with the rest of the horde as you perpetuate sylvanas 's plans to chemically conscript as many human settlements as possible in the vicinity . the blood elf area has also not been changed . that is all i have got , at the moment . i may be able to update with more information as i continue playing and researching .
yes , you can do that . there are a few additional effects of it every now and then ( such as the sick son ) , but in general , alternating between the two is a good strategy in saving money .
it is from the last part of the " heist " mission series as a star . you need to leave the trap death line of stars that are spawning . it does not win the mission but it does get the achievement . i did it by loading my largest star system and just plowing my way through the killer flying stars .
as a rule of thumb , never build swordsman . spearman might be slower then swordsman and therefor are less effective vs archers but they are just for tanking damage and the extra damage they do when they are in range is much more effective then the speed of swordsman . in the end archers win battles , at least 3/4 of your army should be archers the rest spearman as your army grows the amount of archers should grow/increase relatively to spearman . source : i have played settlers 3 online for a long time , i actually stood in the top 10 ranking for a long time . i played mostly big and long random games with peacetime of 45+ minutes though .
here is the list of available games in north america . if you are in a different region , different games are available . there are no ds games and no gamecube games available for download . also , there are no extra tracks available for mario kart wii . however , there are a large number of wiiware games , which are similar to the xbox live and psn downloadable titles - small games by independent and regular developers .
the bus and coach can hold 7 passengers .
according to this , yes indeed !
i ended up finding a solution here : http://forums.xbox.com/gfw/technical_support/f/268/p/371300/1948803.aspx basically , download a gfwl client , change it in the properties to behave in windows 7 compatibility mode , and only then install it . i then got the overlay when i launched the game and could log in ; it now saves my progress . did not need to turn off physx or any other hack mentioned in other places .
the wiki says there are 5 new weapons introduced in the dlc . there are four new uniques ( blue ) : the cobra , the pocket rocket , the boom puppy , and the kitten , as well as a new e-tech shotgun called the slow hand . there are no new legendaries sadly . all of the orange tourgue weapons in the vending machines can be found as possible drops in the general campaign .
the maximum hit chance you are gonna get is 100% , even if you theoretically have more that that . but , and this is important , the total value of 105 ( from your example ) will be taken into calculation when an enemy is behind cover and thus lowering your hit-chance . example calculation : 85 aim + 10 scope - 20 low cover = 75 hit chance also have a picture : keeping these examples in mind , if you are able to boost the aim of a soldier with a bonus or 2 up to 120 you will render low cover useless to enemies .
you can totally find your space hamster , specifically in the engineering deck : it would appear that the answer to your sub-questions is " no " for all three : this wiki entry says you need the me2 save this video shows some more interaction with the hamster towards the end and i do not see anything indicating you can do more than hear him squeak . admittedly i have not caught " davis " myself , though , so if you catch him please let us know the details !
i would not have thought so as the young drivers test is saved within the same profile data on the saved game data utility . so while you can reset the mode and start again , this will also reset your career , time attack , and champions mode statistics . which you probably already know . sorry !
the answers from @arremer and @ebongo below contain vital information so i can not accept one over the other , to that end here is that information combined : overview information from @arremer popular combinations : firefly dragon + air dragon sonic dragon + firefly dragon you need to be level 14 . breeding butterfly dragon takes place in a normal breeding cave or on the breeding island . breeding time : 12 hours a specific addition from @ebongo firefly is a requirement it has been confirmed multiple places that one firefly dragon is a requirement to breed this dragon . so your options are firefly + air or firefly + air hybrid . for air hybrids , sonic and blazing have both been reported to work . they are probably best , since they do not introduce any new elements . sources : here and here
you can reflect : soldier rockets ( all types ) pyro flares ( all types ) demoman grenades demoman sticky bombs ( sticky bomb launcher/scottish resistance ) † huntsman arrows ( which can headshot enemies ) sandman baseballs wrap assassin ornaments crusader 's crossbow arrows rescue ranger bolts ( will damage opposing buildings but not repair friendly ones ) mad milk jarate level 3 sentry gun rockets when you reflect projectiles they are promoted to minicrits ( if they were not ) , change sides with your team and ownership to you ( with the exception ( † ) of stickies ) . this means , however , that they will still do splash damage to you should they explode too close . as for stickies you can still push those off points and doors , however , or even push them below the demoman 's feet . you cannot reflect : hitscan shots — anything which is a “bullet” and appears as streaks rather than projectiles syringe gun needles bison and pomson projectiles ( you can reflect cow mangler beams , however . )
you should try to practice the timing of drifting , since sonic controls like a tank in sonic unleashed , hard to control or drift , unlike in sonic generations . you might want to check this discussion thread . as there are discussions on how to properly drift or etc . gamespot thread : how to drift video ( getting the s rank in mizuri act 2 ) youtube video : the basic idea from this video is that you turn before you begin to drift .
i am reasonably confident that i have now found the answer in the original alpha release video : proceeding frame by frame ( by mashing the space key ) from 12.01 , you can just about make out that the prisoners magically have guns in their hands as soon as they hit the first armoury tile . this would mean that my original suggestion would not be secure . i can not be entirely sure as things may have changed in alpha 18 , however i can say that this is the answer in the interim before i work out a way to cause a test riot .
there is no way to securely trade items , but you can transfer them from one person to another by dropping them and having the other person pick it up . obviously , this requires both of you to be in the same place . capsules are commonly used to transfer larger numbers of items in this way .
the tear of the land is just a plain old rock . any rock in your inventory will work . . . it is not a special one .
there is a 10-second cooldown between medallion uses . when it is ready , the witcher medallion next to your health bar will glow and pulse yellow , like so : when it is on cooldown , the medallion has no glow , like so :
yes . in an area covered by snow , it will only snow . weather is controlled by the type of biome it is affecting . it does not rain in tundra , taiga and desert biomes . at the moment , there are two types of weather : rain and snow . thunderstorms can occur in both types , and these can be dangerous : striking things with lightning ( including you ! ) , creating fires ( as a result of the lighting strikes ) and etctera . the occurrence of weather lasts for 15 minutes , if you do not want to go through it , you can sleep in a bed to skip that time entirely . as a proof that different biomes have different types of weather at the same time , see the following image : ( courtesy of the minecraft wiki ) more information about weather : http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/weather
legendaries represent a unique character , other cards represent a spell or a class/title . this is also why you can only have one of each legendary in your deck , but two of each of the rest of the cards . there is only one lord jaraxxus and one lorewalker cho , their names are unique . the other cards have general names only describing them and/or their job , bloodfen raptor , armorsmith and angry chicken for example .
this comes from the official black ops 2 site : buy the call of duty®: black ops 2 dlc season pass and get all four epic dlc map packs* , including the revolution dlc map pack , for the discounted price of $49.99 , plus an exclusive in-game calling card and access to the nuketown zombies bonus map . so you can say that when your purchasing the season pass you get all of the upcoming dlc maps .
no . they are one-shots -- that is why they are so highly valued . edit to answer question in comment : the best way to find these unlockable missions seems to be the slicing skill -- they show up as loot from bountiful/rich lockboxes sometimes .
short answer : yes . longer answer : different scenarios not only have different objectives and failure conditions , but also change things like the starting state of the earth ( e . g . cornucopia where the earth starts with an abundance of fossil fuels , or earth day where all regions start with a green outlook ) . because of these changes , you will likely need to employ different strategies to meet your victory conditions or just stay out of trouble .
guns excluding the golden guns , you should find yourself in possession of every gun throughout normal play as long as you do all the missions and explore all the rooms in dungeons . however , the raw stats of the guns tend to pale in comparison to the setup of attachments on the guns . for example , the 1195.45 auto that vashyron starts with has the best gauge break ( the ideal stat for a handgun ) of all the normal guns , but the mi50a from the arena has more slots for only a slightly smaller gauge break and a better charge rate . it is the absurd combination of 8 barrels , 4 sights , and more grips than you have hands which makes the gun shine . nevertheless , there are some guns which shine . the aforementioned mi50a handgun is very directed on the offense at the cost of magazine . the lp-09 you can buy in albona offers the best charge rate , while the z-40 you get from a mission in chapter 15 has a good balance of stats in all departments . these all offer some of the better attachment points as well . the pdw-xn . v3 you may find in chapter 14 is one of the better all-around machine guns . if you go dual-wielding , the np . 05c that gets sold later in ebel city is a good complementary machine gun . for attachment setups , both schools of thought ( absurd focus on a stat , versus balanced ) can function . charge acceleration is exceedingly useful for bonus shots as well as hero actions . charge speed is more useful for making long-range shots , coupled with accuracy . magazine size is great to amplify the damage of a machine gun , or coupled with a magazine case on a handgun . you have a lot of room to customize , so make sure to use as much of it . i do not think any particular setup is necessarily ideal , but i recommend setting up multiple guns and then switching them around with different equipment roles . it is all the crazy attachments that'll benefit your performance , and you will eventually come to recognize your guns more by which attachments you have focused ( say , you will know your " charge acceleration focused handgun " compared to your " general purpose handgun" ) . characters assuming you are levelling all weapons equally on your characters , the main distinguishing stats for them come mostly on their skill setups . they all have access to the same skill sets , but learn them at different rates . below is what they learn primarily , and thus need fewer charges to hit higher rates/potencies . vashyron handguns : damage up machineguns : full scratch grenades : charge cancel zephyr handguns : knockdown rate machineguns : knockdown rate grenades : ailment rate leanne handguns : penetration rate machineguns : stun rate grenades : hyper damage aside from grenades , though , the majority of mileage for skill activation is during bonus shots , and someone with a gun focused on charge acceleration may easily hit max cycles . thus , consider the main equipment setups that are preferable at this stage . you generally want one scratch damage dealer and two direct attackers of separate roles . remember , after all , you can not kill anything with scratch damage . scratch damage dealer dual machine guns - in charge of setting up enemies , untouched in terms of raw scratch damage . zephyr 's high knockdown rate makes him pretty good at setting up bonus shots , while leanne 's stun rate is helpful for saving people in the nick of time . machine gun and magazine case - the main advantage of this setup is with ap rounds . vashyron in particular , with the best full scratch , can render all parts of a unit completely ready for destruction with a good angled shot . the raw power of the dual setup tends to overwhelm the +damage and +ailment bullet options . machine gun and first aid - not entirely recommended as the scratch damage dealer tends to play a very vital role in attacking every turn . the first aid kit is probably better with a handgun . machine gun and grenade box - an amusing option to give your machine gunner something to do direct damage in between volleys . has a damage advantage over carrying a handgun . the focus is generally on damage for this , which makes leanne preferable for hyper damage . however , as you can not gauge break with a machine gun , vashyron 's charge cancel can be helpful , as his full scratch also mitigates the issue of lower damage . machine gun and handgun - generally inferior to the grenade box , but it does allow you to have someone else carry the grenade box and thus follow up your machine gun attacks with a grenade . direct attacker dual handguns - vashyron makes this shine with his focus on damage up - pair it with nice magazines and you can shred things very well even without scratch damage . zephyr can also be good , as his knockdown rate can initiate a bonus shot easily which merely serves to set you up with even more damage . handgun and magazine case - with ailments or +damage , leanne can do this well with her penetration rate skill , as that can vastly improve your chance of landing status on complex targets . with ap rounds , vashyron 's damage up shines very nicely , but make sure to stack your gun with a good magazine count and accuracy if you do this . do not forget to consider oil rounds if you have a nice molotov setup . handgun and grenade box - the more common grenadier , able to use handguns at a comfortable range but grenades up close . zephyr does not suffer too much with only having a single handgun , while his ailment rate is very nice with all of the grenades . leanne is also fair as hyper damage remains an incredible skill for a grenadier . handgun and first aid - the primary support type , may consider focusing on charge speed for long range fights , and primarily serve as the closer for combos . leanne 's penetration rate is handy to clean up scratch damage when not using items , while zephyr 's knockdown is handy for disrupting enemies to create an opening for item usage . grenade and first aid - not really a recommended option as you can run out of grenades ( and thus attack potential ) , honestly , but certainly possible if you need grenades but do not want to burden the other gunners with first aid duty . since your only offense is grenades , leanne shines once again with hyper damage being a superb way to maximize damage output of the big bombs . i have been fond of vashyron on dual handguns , leanne on dual machine guns , and zephyr with a handgun and either a grenade box or a first aid kit based on the current needs .
update as of 18/1/2013 the options menu has been changed to make it easier to find the control rebinding for items . i have taken a new screenshot - simply click on steps 1 through 4 from anywhere in the game client to open up the menu and rebind your item hotkeys . note : this part of the answer is outdated , but i left it alone for now . if it is appropriate to delete it , mods are welcome to do so . you can change the key bindings for both abilities and items by clicking their icons underneath the list of controls in the options menu . below is a screenshot of the controls menu , you can see that i reassigned my items to numbers 1-4 and my extra mouse buttons . it is not immediately apparent that these buttons which look like the ingame hud are actually additional key binding options , but each one that is labelled can be changed . it is also highly recommended that you rebind at least a few control group keys to something else , but it is rare that you will need all 6 control groups in a normal game . i chose f1-f3 , but you can use whatever you like .
hit the ' public games ' button in the main menu in order to look at which quests are selectable . when you select a public quest , the description contains a level range . and if blizzard recommends an area , i bet your character will still get experience in that area .
lucky you ! blizzard has created a handy dandy skill calculator where you can plug in your skills and show it off to the world ! for example , this is the build i am currently using for my demon hunter
tf ulting away when he still had a global ult . lol good stuff .
jump height is based on how hard you press the jump button . a quick tap makes for a shorter jump , and mashing the button does a larger jump . the huge backflip is automatically done on a jump off of a grind when going fast enough , and counts as an air trick . and , a normal jump will be done if moving slowly on a rail . " yeah ! " and " nice ! " simply mean you successfully did a trick . the more tricks you do in succession , before touching the ground , the faster you will grind . boosting also increases speed . the more speed you have ( jsrf has a speed meter , i do not remember if jsr does ) , the further you will jump , but not higher .
it is really tricky to weed out " bad " xbox 360 's . i do not really recommend purchasing one used , since many of the early consoles had hardware issues that were not resolved until later in the production run . even with a warranty , i am still suspicious . it is always possible there are intermittent issues or hardware failures that would not show up in a quick test or in the first week or month of play . however , if it is just too good a deal to pass up , i would at least run a few tests before buying . if you can , you might ask the current owner to sign in to xbox live gold using their own account credentials . if they can get online and play a quick round of something , that is probably the best test of the console 's online status . if that is not feasible , you can probably run a quick test yourself . first , you will need to be able to connect to the internet . create a new profile on the box , and when prompted , sign up for xbox live silver . go into the marketplace and try to start downloading a game demo . if the console 's been banned from the service , somewhere along this path , you will likely run into an error along these lines : “this console has been banned for violations of the terms of use . to protect the xbox live service and its members , microsoft does not provide details about console bans . there is no recourse for terms of use violations . ” in addition to testing the network and console ban status , you will also be checking to see if the hard drive is reading properly . a more thorough test of the hard drive and the optical drive is to install a game from a disc . microsoft 's got a good knowledgebase article on the subject , including a video . the basic steps are : insert the game disc into the disc drive . go to home . highlight the game you want to install with your controller . press y on your controller . select install to hard drive . this should spin up the disc as fast as possible , and read data continuously for 10-20 minutes . this is about the best test of the optical drive you can do in a short period .
the " toasty " guy is dan forden , he is a sound programmer and composer who worked , among other things , on the mortal kombat series you can read more about him on this wikipedia page
yes , you should still be able to get the skulltulas after planting the magic beans . http://zeldawiki.org/magic_bean even though planting magic beans in soil will help gain access to different areas , there is another use for the soil . link can bottle some bugs and drop them into the soil . this will result in a gold skulltula jumping out . [ 6 ] [ 7 ] this can be done even after a bean is planted .
after donning your invisibility cloak and sneaking across the screen you will encounter a pumpkin which can be levitated . on the wii this is accomplished with z on the nunchuck . to get the pumpkin rotating you press in a direction . if you press it any direction but straight to the left you will get the weak throws . pressing left will magic-bullet-targetting-system onto death and you can bean him . i am advised that this problem on the xbox involves using the b button , not the x button , to pick up the pumpkin in the first place .
in all honesty : what is written in serenes forest is not wrong at all , but it is worded in a way that could lead to confusion and even misunderstandings . the fact is , i believed the game would define a child 's skill the moment one begins the chapter and would keep it in memory forever . in truth : the child 's skills are defined and redefined every time one begins the chapter . simply exiting the map , re-ordering the skills , then restarting the chapter , is enough to reskill the child . this is especially neat , considering one can enter a map without forward knowledge of which child is going to be recruitable , exit the map , then reorder the parents ' skillset . all without reloading any savegames . needless to say , that once the child is recruited , the battle won , and the game saved ; there is no way to change which skills the child will inherit from its parents , other than starting a fresh new game .
i have some anecdotal evidence in response to my question . short answer : no long answer : we spent an evening playing co-op missions as a crew . a number of the higher level players would drop weapons for lower level players . dropping a weapon removes it from your weapon wheel and you need to repurchase it at ammunation to get it back again . the players who picked up the weapons seemed to lose them over time . it was hard to work out when the weapons would disappear from their inventories but it seemed to be when they were killed while the gifted weapon was active . point two is hard to work out with out a lot of complicated testing . it could of also been that they lost their weapon after a mission , or if they left the session , or if they had not unlocked that particular weapon yet . still a bit confusing sorry , but hopefully someone can come along and give a better/ clearer answer .
this link has explained it quite nicely , you may take a look . it says , there are 7 new slots for the equipment : chest , back left , back right , front left , front right , left side and right side . different items can be quipped into different slots , so you can combine up to 7 different pieces . the items give you extra carry weight : small pouches - 25 satchels , box pouches and bags - 50 bandolier - 75 large bandolier - 100 to see which slots the items are , using and how you can combine the items , there are screenshots given .
yes you can . there is some loot you can not get to without taking damage if you do not have the wire cutters but you can reach the level goal without them . after some time away from the game i saw things from a different perspective and figured out how to get to the goal a different way . if you are stuck and can not figure it out : you flip one of the switches , climb up the wall that the switch is on , walk over the cage careful to avoid the trap pressure plates up top and then drop down next to the other switch and flip it , avoiding the pressure plates that reset the switches . if you are in focus mode , the trap plates glow red and the ones that reset the switches glow blue . you need to be relatively quick but not nearly as perfect as the route under the stairs that i had previously been trying .
cemetery of the forsaken is a pretty nice place with relatively few enemies . just go around in a circle , keep your rhythm , and do not forget you can smash those stone column things near stairs . use those columns to hop between the gravestone patches . also , having a skill such as leap or some other kind of teleport will help you keep the rhythm if you accidentally end up too far away from your next target . i recommend using a close-range melee attack . aoe attacks are not recommended because you might end up in an empty area that you created . if you use skills that consume your resource , make sure you have as much as possible and can easily regenerate it by , for example , attacking the skeletons in the area . grab some cheap +movement speed gear from the auction house , too .
nope ! you are not a bad hero ! unless you think leaving a damsel in distress hanging is bad . . . then yeah , you are , sorry buddy . whatever you do , you will always be late and impa will brandish it over your head , so keep questing ! i suppose you could call that a character-building experience for link ? as far as i remember , there are only a few time-limited quests , and you are notified before you set off to complete them . why have side-quests available if you are supposed to be rushing through the main plot , right ?
let 's see , your options are : exping : the act of gaining experience , be it through quests , missions , puzzles , treasures , or just by killing opponents . edit : disregard the previous term , as it looks like it is not as widespread as i thought . consider it just a localized version of leveling . leveling : the act of gaining levels , usually by accumulating experience points ( xp ) . generally used refering to the actual moment of going up a level ( "he just leveled up" ) , can also be used for a continuous action ( "i am spending my time leveling" ) the term " farming " instead refers to the act of going through the same actions for long stretches of time to hoard single resources ( you can farm money , minerals , items , and even xps )
here 's a small exmaple of how dps works in skyrim . the dps if smithed row shows how dps will change if all weapons get the same smithing bonus damage of 46 ( smithing gives a flat increase to damage instead of scaling to base damage ) as you can see , the weapons are more or less balanced without smithing , but with smithing speed wins over base damage every time . i would recommend one-handed weapons unless you are not interested in smithing or not obsessed with having the biggest numbers .
yes you can ! once you pay the bux to buy the costume , it remains unlocked and available to any bitizen you have in your tower . i purchased the astronaut costume for my bitizen whose dream job was the planetarium , and have since put the other two planetarium-dream-job bitizens in the same costume at no additional charge .
trendynet is a fickle beast ; you are certainly not the only one . if your game loses connection with their servers ( or the steam servers ) for more than a second or so . the game is dropped immediately . at this point , there is not much that can be done about it until trendy fixes the issue on their end .
you should send them to trade posts , which will increase your trade income .
it changes how your partner reacts when you shoot them . with attack reaction : on , i remember that your partner would react to the shots as normal , they will hit your partner , your partner will shout\scream\bleed ect . with attack reaction : off , your partner will not react in any way if you shoot them . no blood , ect , and the bullet will pass right through them . regardless of which option you choose , you can never hurt your partner , it is visual effects only .
i have had a look around and in the game , but all evidence i can find points to it just being an achievement , just like it is in lots of games . seems like mw1 was just an exception .
the lyceum is one of the random dungeons in the southern highlands . it has a fixed spawn point but shares it with several other random spawns . the entrance area looks like this : its spawning place is slightly northeast of the entrance to the southern highlands : this spawn point is shared with the revenge of gharbad , the empty servants house , ancient pyre or the event pictured below , among others ( you can see the similarity of the place , also it seems like it is the only place which can host such a large environment ) :
there is a " completed auctions " tab on the auction house menu . clicking on items in the list will give you the option to send them to your stash . you can not send items to your stash if it is full , but they can remain in the auction house indefinitely .
this is a hardware limitation of your keyboard . unfortunately , the only solution is that you must purchase a better keyboard that does not have this limitation . to be more specific : in order to save money , keyboard manufacturers often put many keys on the same " circuit " of sorts within the wiring of the keyboard . this prevents multiple keys in the same region of the keyboard from being pressed simultaneously . sometimes it even prevents more than 2 keys at all from across the whole keyboard being pressed at once . often the shift , ctrl , and alt keys are not within this limitation , so you can hold shift and press 2 other keys at once and it will still work fine . even high-end gaming keyboards often have a similar hardware limitation , although the cap is much higher so that it is unlikely to be reached during the normal course of gaming .
farming bosses is pretty useless in d3 - you only get guaranteed rare loot the first time you kill a boss . besides that , i think none of the bosses is actually hard if you know the mechanics .
according to this walkthrough , collecting enemies first lets you add them to your crew , then you get a silver statue , and if you collect a hundred of them , you get a gold statue : q : why do i have to collect many monsters ? a : 30 earns you a crewmember , 50 a silver statue , 100 a golden statue in the museum . silver statues do not do anything special , only for pleasure , while all golden ones unlock the final tank masters battles . you can also unlock these battles by completing the main storyline .
in the current version ( all 's well that is maxwell ) , caves do not respawn/regenerate anymore . in earlier versions/builds/releases of do not starve , caves were a work in progress . when you entered a sinkhole , you got a dialog telling you this , and asking if you wanted to enter , stay above ground or regenerate the cave . a lot of guides or wiki pages still reflect the possibility to regenerate caves and harvest all the resources again . for some resources ( gold , stone , gems , flint , . . . ) the " earthquakes " actually do supply infite resources ( albeit at a slow pace ) , other resources ( mushroom trees ) are in fact finite and should be gathered carefully .
here 's the comprehensive list based of blizzard 's skill calculator and this list of affixes . no base skills increase arcane power regeneration , but many skills have a rune that does so . i have only listed those affecting regeneration , as per your question . many more runes , etc , reduce the arcane power cost of the skills or increase the maximum arcane power the wizard can have : active skills : magic missile ( attunement ) - whenever magic missile hits a target you gain 4 arcane power . shock pulse ( lightning affinity ) - every target hit by a pulse restores 2 arcane power . spectral blade ( siphoning blade ) - every enemy hit grants 1 arcane power . electrocute ( surge of power ) - gain 1 arcane power for every enemy hit by electrocute . arcane torrent ( power stone ) - every missile hit has a 2% chance to leave behind a power stone that grants arcane power when picked up . magic weapon ( conduit ) - attacks have a chance to restore 1 arcane power . familiar ( arcanot ) - while the familiar is active , you regenerate 2 arcane power per second . energy armor ( absorption ) - you have a chance to gain 4 arcane power whenever you are hit by a ranged or melee attack . &nbsp ; passive skills : power hungry - gain 30 arcane power whenever you are healed by a health globe . astral presence - increases your maximum arcane power by 20 and arcane power regeneration by 2 per second . prodigy - when you deal damage with a signature spell ( magic missile , shock pulse , spectral blade , electrocute ) , you gain 4 arcane power . &nbsp ; item affixes : foreboding / ominous on orb or wand or wizard hat - +arcane power on crit
no it does not change how others see you . however , it will change everyone for you . if you are viewing yourself as left handed , you will also see everyone else as left handed . it works the same way for right handedness , everyone else will see you as they see themselves . the 3rd person character model does not change at all either way .
there are 2 methods that i know of to regain hearts , and you mentioned both : you can refill a single heart at the store . i have only ever seen them available for 5,000 . you can only buy a single heart , and then you have to wait for the store to restock . you can collect bandages to refill a heart . i think the first heart you lose , you have to collect 10 bandages , and then if you lose a second and third ( you can have 4 total hearts i believe with an upgrade ) , you have to retrieve 15 bandages for those . if you die , you have to start over . you keep your various upgrades and shanties , but you start back at the beginning of the map , so be sure to have plenty of upgrades on hand each board you play to be prepared to run if needed . edit : it appears there is a way to revive yourself with gold if you have enough when you die , though i do not recall ever seeing this option .
my brother had that problem with minecraft turns out the problem was a program runining in the background was disabling the escape key .
the game is called the witcher 2: assassins of kings . if foltest does not die , then there is really no plot for the game to follow . there is no way to save him .
there should not be an armour cap for items , but there is a cap on the amount of damage you can mitigate ( 80% ) this comes at 567 displayed armour rating . with that said , even if you go over it should still display what your actual rating is , just will not mitigate more than 80% of the incoming damage . my guess is a bug or you are doing something wrong . source
flechette ammo deals around 6 damage less per bullet in close quarters than buckshot . this means that you can be less accurate per shot with buckshot ( more bullets can miss ) and still do the same or more damage . flechette rounds pierce targets better though , so if there are 2-3 targets in a row , you will get more overall damage per shot , but still less damage on the target in the front . at maximum damage dropoff , flechette rounds deal about 3-4 more damage per shot . it all comes down to the fact that because you need less bullets to hit a target in close range with buckshot , you can actually 1 hit kill from further away , as with flechette rounds you need to be close enough to have nearly every bullet hit . although this is slightly mitigated by the fact that fletchette rounds have a slightly smaller spread , meaning if you are accurate enough , more bullets should hit at range than with buckshot .
you can actually get a Collectors Catalog from chocobo racing but chocobo racing is actually required to obtain it . follow these steps , but i warn you , it is a long and arduous task : acquire a Golden Chocobo from ' a dying world - 700af ' . it is found in a dead-end somewhere . ( you have already done this , but so others know ) . max-out this chocobo 's stats . i think the max is level 45 . go mental . race at the chocobo arena until you reach Fal'cie class . keep an eye out for the race Dahaka's Stake . this race sometimes gives the item Collector's Catalog . you can use items ( i forget which ) to refresh the items rewarded from this race . optional : this will max out a collector 's catalog obtain one Collector's Catalogs from step 4 above . obtain two Pheonix Bloods . if you do not have some already in your inventory then they can be bought for 1600 chips at the Casino , which you should have amassed from your racing anyway . obtain two Sunpetals . these are dropped in windy Archylytte Steppe from the microchu but these are a rare drop go to see Chocolina at the archlytte steppe and you can buy a Durable Collectors Catalog for 40,000 gil a piece . enjoy your upgraded durable collectors catalogs which increase item drop , gil etc etc ah yes , they are not stackable see my answer here to see details on drop rate improvement from accessories / abilities
it is definitely possible with plants vs zombies . i had to copy saves between accounts in steam folder ( saves stored in windows user settings folder appear to be some sort of cache and copying them does not work ) , and it did the trick .
no , you will only miss out on one thing by playing on casual mode . if you beat the game while playing casual on the lunatic difficulty , the ng+ for lunatic will be casual only . this is different from beating it on classic mode which unlocks both . this is also different from the other two difficulties where beating it in casual unlocks both classic and casual ng+ . other than that the games are identical except in casual mode permanents deaths are turned off and you can save in battle , you are allotted two slots for this . there are no extra boards/characters/etc . that can only be obtained by playing on classic .
while wielding a daedric dagger , having 100 one handed ( all perks ) and 100 sneak ( all perks ) , the daedric dagger 's base damage showed as 33 . from the dagger 's sneak attack ( only 15x damage ) it caused around 500 damage . then i applied a power attack and it caused 1,000 damage . then my orc used berzerk and a single strike caused 2,000 damage . i could do some more testing ( like getting shroud gloves , dual wielding with a power attack doesnt do a single hit unfortunately ) , and having bonus one handed damage enchants ( it modifies the displayed base damage btw ) , but i think this is enough to show that multipliers stack ( 15x + 2x = 30x + 2x = 60x ) instead of combine ( 15x + 2x = 16x + 2x = 17x ) .
since you are talking about the pc version of rage , from steam , no - this does not require games for windows live . when i start my copy of rage via steam , i get launched straight into the game without having to log into games for windows live .
each armor reduces the incoming damage by one , prior to any reductions . then damage reductions are applied due to damage type and unit size . the minimum damage that can be done is 0.5 per attack . http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/damage
not currently possible . but a lot of people have been requesting this feature , and caught blizzards ear . if/when it actually gets implemented , who knows , but at least there is this : This is a functionality we're interested in providing our players at some point in the future. :  http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/189279348#7
inside a pos bubble , a ship will stay in place indefinitely . outside of a pos bubble , rookie ships and shuttles will stay for 30 days , and other ship types will stay indefinitely . of course , by indefinitely i mean until someone finds it .
i was hoping for a more authoritative answer , but after > 50 hours of gameplay using mostly elemental weapons , i am pretty darn sure there is no longer a tech pool . elemental guns deal consistent damage and elemental effects are randomly distributed . the visual effects are consistent ( either a shot was elemental or not , you can tell by watching the bullet impacts ) . this means that slow firing weapons are worse for stacking elemental status effect damage than high rate of fire weapons , which is sort of the opposite of how the old tech pool worked . the status effect chance % as listed appears to be the only relevant factor for " procing " a shot , though it is affected by skills , class mods and badass bonus stats .
i am not aware of a way to remap the scroll wheel within minecraft , so i think your best bet is to look for third-party tools that will remap your mouse keys for you . after a quick google search , i found x-mouse button control for windows , and usb overdrive for mac . looking at screenshots of both programs , they both allow you to remap mouse buttons as mouse wheel up {MWUP} and mouse wheel down {MWDN} , which is perfect for item-switching in minecraft . x-mouse : usb overdrive :
the question : this question is pretty vague , but i will give the best advice i can from personal experience . my credentials : in my 93 arenas , my average wins is 5.29 ( i have done at least 6 runs with each class ) . i also have ccg experience from a long time playing magic the gathering . answer : the best way to learn is to gain exerience . learn the cards ( all of them ) and how they interact . one of the fastest ways to do this is to watch videos of other people playing the game . if you go to twitch . tv , select " games " from the menu on the left and select hearthstone , it will give you a list of people streaming their games . i spent over 40 hours watching people play before i got my access . kripp ( kripperian ) streams a lot and is a very good player . sadly , he does not always speak through his thought process so it is harder to learn from him if you are not familiar with the game , so this is not the best place to start , in my opinion . another option is to go to youtube and watch some of the arena videos posted by husky ( huskystarcraft ) or totalbiscuit ( thecynicalbrit ) . totalbiscuit has ~20 videos of himself drafting and playing arenas . i have found his commentary to be the most insightful as to card value when drafting . it is also valuable to watch them play with the decks they draft and to see how it all comes together . these will help you to see what other people have done well and poorly and you will be able to better understand your own mistakes . that advice given , here are some areas to be aware of tactically . strategy : part 1 - card advantage card advantage is king - one of the first concepts you need to understand is card advantage . card advantage is gained or lost based on the efficiency of your cards as well as how you play them . as an example , as a mage you could play arcane blast ( deal 1 damage to all enemy minions ) on turn 2 to kill his turn 1 creature with one health . but if you instead play out 2 minions with +1 spell damage and play the arcane blast on turn 4 do deal 3 damage to all those minions and get 3 kills , you are creating card advantage . card advantage is often referred to as going "2 for 1" or "1 for 1" . if you used your arcane blast as in the 1st example in the last paragraph , you would have gone "1 for 1" , that is , you used one card to kill 1 card . in the second example you would have gone "1 for 3" or "3 for 1" ( it is often said either way , the point is 3 cards were negated by 1 ) . knowing what cards can be used in what situation to generate card advantage is important to increasing your skill level as a player . sometimes it is the best decision to do nothing ( wait a turn ) . card advantage can also be thought of as " number of card choices available " , as in your handsize . in this sense , a card that draws cards can generate a powerful amount of card advantage sometimes by giving up tempo . a great example of this is the priest 's northshire cleric . a 1/3 creature played on turn 1 can draw a lot of cards if not answered quickly . an example of a great play for card advantage here would be going 2nd with a priest , you play a northshire cleric for 1 , use your coin and follow it up with power word : shield . powerword shield makes your minion a 1/5 ( hard for your opponent to deal with on turn 2 ) , it also lets you draw a card . now if you opponent does have a spell to kill your creature on turn 2 , they have gone "1 for 2" against you since you invested two cards already ( plus the coin , which usually is not counted ) . you did get a draw out of the shield , but understanding how to make cards work together will help you become a better player . strategy : part 2 - board presence strategically , you need to be aware of the concept of board presence . when you play an arcane blast that kills off 3 minions on turn 4 and you still have a 2/2 and a 1/4 each with +1 spell damage in play , you have captured board presence . certain cards help to generate board advantage more quickly , but trying to recapture board presence is like climbing uphill . that does not mean that the player with the most minions on the board is going to win , but you need to understand in what situations what cards are useful . i would also like to tie the idea of board awareness to this . generally it is considered sound strategy to control the board ( prioritize killing your opponent 's minions over dealing direct damage ) . however , there are a lot of situations where that may not be the correct decision . even if you can not win on the current turn , if you can bring an opponent from 15 life to 5 and represent fatal damage for the following turn , that could be a better choice . so when analyzing board pressence , be aware also of the players ' current health . strategy : part 3 - health and deck types in hearthstone you have to consider the value of life . having more life than your opponent does not mean you are winning . life is a resource , similar to cards ( card advantage ) and mana crystals . a great illustration is the warlock 's ability lifetap : lose 2 life but generate a card ( creating card advantage at the cost of life and tempo ) . some decks have a lot of cards that try to rush down an opponent quickly before they can start dropping big cards late game . warriors have a lot of good synergy with this strategy from increased availability of charge and also support from weapons . opposite of the aggressive style , there is also more of a control heavy style that uses a lot of spells to remove your opponents creatures . prime examples of this would be a mage with +spell damage minions . these type of decks tend to need more support from taunt . do not ignore the value of minions with taunt . that does not mean you need 12 taunts in deck , but without any you may find you struggle whenever you lose board presence . strategy : part 4 - balance with specific regard to arena , your decks need to be drafted with balance . you want to have some minion kill spells and some taunt . it is harder to generate gimmicky effects , but synergy is still important to consider . that said , there are some simple rules to follow . - picking a murloc is a huge gamble b/c of how that race works . you need to get a lot of them to synergize well together . that does not mean that it is the wrong choice to include 1 , but be careful not to commit yourself too much to one idea . - picking a pirate with a weaponless class is almsot always a bad idea , but not necessarily the worst ( for example , given the choice between dread corsair , wisp , and argent squire , sadly the best pick may be the pirate ( this happened to me recently ) . - learn the class specific cards ( which classes have weapons , what are they ? which classes have secrets , what are they ? what is each class ' " kill spell" ) - make sure to have some taunt and a way to kill minions . - silence can be very valuable ! ironbeak owl is not that great of a card , whereas spellbreaker is one of the best . - spells / abilities that heal are easy to over value , especially if they can only heal your character and not a minion . that same can be said of spells that can only deal damage to an oppoent but not to minions . learn how to value cards well and you will become a better drafter and deck builder . good luck ! i hope this helped .
for those interested , it was dg to delete to the end of the file ( even though g alone moves you to the beginning of the last line ) . hope that helps .
no . while every class has the same number of abilities , passives , and runes , which skills unlock in which order vary from class to class , with a few exceptions . for instance : you will always unlock a skill for a skill slot at the same level you unlock that skill slot you will learn your final class ability at level 30 . here 's an imgur gallery of the class progression charts .
if you are playing the game on xbox 360 or playstation 3 , you unlock the achievement/trophy called " the city of angels " . other than this , no , you do not unlock any bonuses for completing the game , unlike in gtaiv .
i tried sending myself a gift just now - the email contains the sender 's email address , indeed . what you can do is send a gift to your own secondary email address , and send them the url for redeeming the gift ( the url you receive by emailing the gift to yourself ) . hopefully you have some way of contacting them other than their steam profile ; for example , give them the url written on a slip of paper . caution : the url contains the email you sent the gift to . if you do not want the receiver to be able to guess who you are , and the secondary email you are sending to is obviously related to you , create a new email account to send to . example url , email highlighted : https://store.steampowered.com/account/ackgift/1f631467bb7e?redeemer= fadeway%40yahoo . com with this method , the first time they learn the sender 's name will be when they enter the url into a browser : if there is no way to transmit the url to them without posting on their steam profile , that is a lost cause , unless you get a third person to act as an arbiter/organizer who friends everybody and distributes the links while keeping it a secret who sent which one .
survivability in diablo 3 takes in account 2 components : toughness , and healing . while those stats are easy to understand , the mechanic behind and between them and how to take profit of both is not always obvious . i will try to explain to you how to take advantage of the different affixes you have in the game in order to become really survivable and have a great sustainability . toughness toughness represents ( if you read the tooltip ) the number of damage your character car undergo from full life to zero . while it is clear what toughness is , it is harder to understand how to optimize it . a common mistakes is to have a really high life pool ( lot of vitality ) and overlook armor and all resist . while your sheet toughness will look the same , if you do not have enough resistances and armor , your life pool is just a big amount of lie . it provides a fake sense of toughness when you can actually die really easily . toughness is a balance between vitality , armor and all resistance . to reach higher torment difficulties ( and especially torment 6 ) , you will need at least about 1300 all resist , 7000 armor and a life pool between 300 000 and 350 000 . with a demon hunter , you can boost up those stats with your companion boar and with the passive skill perfectionnism . last but not least : the more life you have , the less the healing stats will be effective , that is what i am going to explain in the next section healing and synergy with an optimized toughness healing affixes are : life on hit , life after kill , life per second and life per resource spent ( the latter exists only for melee classes ) . why are those affixes important ? it is easy to overlook the healing stat by thinking that health potion and health globe are enough . while they offer you some good sustainability , the drop rate of globe and the cooldown on the health potion does not make them as reliable as other healing affixes . let 's take a quick example by comparing 2 situations : character a 5m toughness 30 000 hp regen/sec 500 000 hp character b 5m toughness 30 000 hp regen/sec 300 000 hp they have the same toughness however b has a more optimized one since he has 200 000 hp less . let 's assume both are being hit by a monster that deals 500 000 damage per second . it is 1/10 of their toughness which translate into them losing 1/10 of their life pool per second . for a this represent 50,000 hp and for b 30,000 . however , both heals for 30,000hp per second . . . see where i am going ? indeed , in this situation b will never die while a loses 20,000 hp per second and die after 25sec . of course in the game you are facing way more factors than just one monster hitting you but you get the general idea . the trick is to understand that healing give back raw hp and not toughness , so depending on your life pool : you are getting back a better % of your toughness if you have few hp but high armor and all resistance . for a each life point account for 10 toughness and for b each life point account for ~16.5 toughness which makes the healing stat about 65% more efficient for b . you now understand that healing can be very powerful , you should use : life on hit when you have a high attack rate or you are using a skill that have a high proc rate . life after kill allow you gain huge amount of life when clearing trash mob ( if you have powerful aoe , this stat does wonder ) . life per second offer sustainability during the whole fight ( you can gain it easily with paragon point or with the templar compagnon when playing solo ) life per resource spent if your character benefit from it . conclusion survivability is a mix between killing fast , toughness and healing . for the defensive aspect , the more you stack armor , all resistance ( and damage reduction modifiers ) , the more powerful your healing becomes so you can survive much longer even with a smaller toughness number . what you get with this sense of " false toughness " when stacking life is actually " diluted healing " .
according to answer of matthew scharley here : stackexchange-url things will not move through unloaded pipes either so you will not get your materials till you go near the pipeline . and comment of jonathan drain here : how many chunks do i need to keep loaded to keep quarries working in buildcraft ? everything fell out of the pipe at the point where it reached the unloaded segment . i tried to test it and i think that the items in the pipes in the chunks that were unloaded will just stop . they will not disappear . for new items heading through pipes into unloaded chunks , i think it is very likely that everything fell out of the pipe at the point where it reached the unloaded segment , although i do not have enough time to test it and strong evidence to prove it .
here it states all the console-exclusive things for terraria . npcs are not among them , and therefore are most likely just the same as the pc version . here you can see which npcs that are possible to spawn pre-hardmode . that is : the guide merchant nurse painter dye trader demolitionist dryad arms dealer party girl stylist angler goblin tinkerer witch doctor clothier mechanic that is 15 npcs , which means you will need 15 houses .
from the zelda wikia : once defeated , they drop their soul-housing lanterns , allowing link to store the spirit of the poe in an empty bottle and bring them to the ghost shop in hyrule castle town where they can be sold for ten rupees . link is also able to drink the spirit of a poe , although doing so usually causes negative effects . this is slightly incorrect &mdash ; i spent about an hour killing/drinking poes and only observed 3 effects ( in order of frequency ) : +1 heart , -1 heart , and full health restoration . on the whole , soul-sucking is usually beneficial . as well , there are 10 big poes throughout the game : the hunting and collecting of big poes is part of a side quest . . . . once a big poe appears , link must hastily dispose of it with the fairy bow . once one is defeated , its spirit can be stored inside one of link 's bottles and sold to the ghost keeper . the ghost keeper will give fifty rupees and one hundred points on link 's " card " for each big poe collected . once link has gathered all ten big poes in the game , his card will be maxed out with 1000 points . the ghost keeper tells him that now he has achieved true happiness , and gives him an empty bottle for his trouble . here 's a guide to their location , should you need it .
traits are determined by their " rarity " - http://rogue-legacy.wikia.com/wiki/traits_breakdown the higher the rarity , the harder the trait is to acquire . there is no way that you can influence which traits your family gets . there is a 94% chance that a champion will have at least 1 trait , and a 55% chance that a champion will have 2 traits . the game makes a " dice roll " to determine which rarity of traits to select from . 50% chance to be level 1 36% chance to be level 2 14% chance to be level 3 the game then gathers all of the traits with the given rarity and randomly selects one of those traits to give the player . the game also checks for trait conflicts , which means the following will not occur : muscle wk . and hypergonadism endomorph and ectomorph gigantism and dwarfism near-sighted and far-sighted color blind and nostalgic the game also ensures the same trait is not selected twice .
the sas module is designed to keep your craft on its current course by means of altering fins and micro-rockets . you should turn the sas off while you maneuver your craft onto the desired heading , then turn it back on to have it automatically stay on that heading . if you find the sas is not staying on course , you may need to make your craft more maneuverable with the addition of extra fins or micro-rockets .
found it ! 24v 0.75A from ac adapters for logitech wheels
ahn'kahet / gundrak / drak tharon keep has dropped good gear for me as for my tank/healer specs . you can try halls of lightning in storm peaks but best go with very well geared party into ulduar . so , storm peaks is perhaps the best . nax is the entry level raid instance for new 80 's . you could also try and get into a sartharion raid which you can get to via theramore on kalimdor . i did not really do naxxramas and skipped it . went back later for the achievements . lots of fun in a 25 man raid though . basically a good raid party that is well geared can help pull you through the instances . but looking for the rare gear , you can consider trying to get the tier 9 gear . this guide is not bad either . a lot of good gear can be acquired via badges . ultimately you are preparing for level 80 raiding in 10 man dungeons . this guide is a good for an idea about which instances to use for raiding , ( it is geared for pallies , but it is good for any class preparing for raids . ) .
not really . shrines are still godawful expensive even after the update . their utility is great as a panic button of sorts , but you are better off in the long run spending your mana on real defenses .
now , you need to make sure that your copy of dance central ( note , not dc 2 ) is first-hand and you will also need internet connection . on the back of the dc 1 manual that comes with the disc , there should be a redeem code ( i will have to confirm that when i get home tonight ) . this is one time use only ( hence the first-hand prerequisite ) . if it is second-hand , it is probably not a problem as long as the previous owner has not already used the code . the songs will still cost 400msp on top of the redeem code ; however , if you preordered dc 2 , you should be able to get it for free through a voucher code ( i am not too sure as i did not preorder mine ) . now load up dance central 2 . on the main screen , select options-> redeem code . enter the code from the first paragraph and confirm the purchase . it will start downloading the dance central import pack . hope this helps .
a " carebear " is a derogatory term used for characters who stay mostly in concord ( police ) controlled space and never ventures into unsecured "0.0" space . basically synonymous to cowards .
find an agent that gives combat missions . you should go with lvl 1 or 2 agents . http://eve-agents.com/
many of the effects of encounters are randomized -- even if last time you were in the exact same situation with the same text , things might go differently . you will not be able to tell if the crewmember will be insane until the event completes , except in certain special circumstances ( detailed below ) . i believe in one particular event , you find a station with a sole survivor , and ( s ) he offers to join your crew . there is a chance that everything goes fine , and this will add +1 crewmember . however , there is a chance that this person will go insane and murder one of your other crewmembers , in which case you end with -1 crewmembers . the outcome is randomized , though . the insanity is immediate during the event , and unlike a " boarding party " you can not fight the crewmember . if they go insane and there is no mitigating factors ( see below ) you will instantly lose a crewmember . if they do not , you will never have problems with the crewmember in the future . a couple of things can affect the outcome , however : having an upgraded medbay can heal the insane crewmember . this seems to always result in the " good " outcome , regardless of the random factor . i believe a single upgrade point is sufficient , and you do not need to have the medbay completely powered , so dropping a point on your medbay might make sense as an early-game scrap investment . a slug crewmember can use its mind control powers to affect the outcome and potentially keep the crew member sane ( or at least harmlessly end the event ) . joe pointed out on a comment to another answer that this new crewmember will likely then be human .
no it is not possible , sorry . this is probably due to the fact that they are the standard quick game servers which most likely change , start and stop based on demand . for example if there are no caspian border maps currently available a server might change it is map rotation to suit . this is all just a guess at why you can not by the way since searching the interent for solid reasons was unsuccessful : (
unless someone makes a mod or you continually reset your system clock , it is not possible . as soon as you enter a world outside of the designated holiday time frame ( dec . 15th-31st ) , santa will die instantly . you can keep your access to santa claus by making a dedicated " santa world " with him in it , and only entering it on special occasions when you need him ( of course tampering with your system clock beforehand ) . you can start the frost legion event outside of the holidays , but they will not drop presents , so your supply of snow globes will eventually run out . if your world is not in hardmode yet , keep your presents and unpack them when it is ; else you will get no snow globes at all and the event will be unavailable .
along with the story mode , there are many collectibles such as playboy magazines and wanted posters . you will have to collect these as well if you want 100% completion . a guide to all the collectibles can be found here .
from my experience , if a character damages a monster , he will gain full amount of experience when that monster is killed ( e . g . 90xp for skeleton ) , but if he is not involved in killing monster , he will gain half of experience ( e . g . 45xp for skeleton ) . dead characters gain no experience . for monster groups , each monster kill is counted as killing single monster . and that is probably what makes your party having different xp : there are more groups in lower levels . since most of ( or even all ) spells affect all monsters in group , your mage started gaining full xp from all monsters . when fighting group of monsters , fighters will first hit monsters in front of them ( left fighter will hit left monster ) and then hit monsters at the other side ( left fighter will hit right monster if left monster is dead ) and when first row is finished they will get to the back row . i presume you are using rogue for ranged attack , and in that case he will only hit monsters in front of him ( if rogue is to the left , he will , in most cases , hit only left monsters , and when they die he will just miss right side monsters ) . edit : and as henryhey said , they all get xp for finding secrets .
assuming you do not want to break the station in to separate stations and use a load of feeder links , you will need to tweak the advanced option that limits your maximum station spread . this advanced setting ( specifically Stations→Max station spread ) can be adjusted to values between 4 and 64 , with a default of 12 , and determines the maximum size square that can be allowed to bound each station ( whether compound or not ) . the recommendation is to only increase this if you are using the yapf pathfinder , but this is the default so if you have never tweaked that setting there is no need to worry . for more information , you can see the wiki entries for the setting and station spread . if you need a station larger than 64 by 64 , well then i think you are stuck ( and possibly doing it wrong ) .
once you enter the game , in the main menu go to options . in there you can rebind the keys . after you change them click on the save and confirm , otherwise they will reset each time you start the game .
use the following as your command line : ( from the library right click on the game , then pick properties → set launch options . ) -sw -noborder  -sw means " start windowed . " -noborder tells windows to not draw borders ( titlebar , window buttons ) around the window . you can also designate screen size ( e . g . -w 640 -h 480 ) , skip the intro video ( -novideo ) , turn on low violence mode in l4d ( -lv ) and other options that may or not mean anything to you . a fuller list can be found here .
i am sorry to do some house advertising here , but steam condenser is probably the way to go if you want to do this programmatically in either ruby , java or php . it provides all you need to query source and goldsrc game servers , the master servers and the steam community ( like profile , inventories and achievements ) .
software-modding a wii involves getting a copy of a game that contains a bug that can be exploited to run custom code . the first known hack involved a bug in twilight princess , for example , but the exploit does not work on wiis with more recent firmware and other bugs had to be found . ( i am not up on the current exploits , and being more specific would just make this answer out-of-date before long anyway . ) bricking your wii is unrecoverable without unusual technical skills . bricking is also a risk you run any time you engage in soft-modding , so if you do decide to mod your wii , do it only if you are willing to accept that you might destroy it . modding involves replacing parts of the operating system and firmware , so you can not update the firmware without losing the modding ( and possibly having the update brick the machine in the process ) . however , the firmware has nothing to do with dlc like new songs and modding will not interfere with dlc . it is much more likely that a pal game trying to access dlc servers in an ntsc region just will not connect properly , regardless of modding .
this particular mod was designed for vanilla , offline minecraft , so you are not able to install it onto a bukkit server . however , had it been a bukkit-compatible mod , you would download the files of the mod . sometimes , you are provided with only a .jar file ( ex . SomeBukkitMod.jar ) – other times you are given a .zip containing a .jar and also a directory with the name of the mod containing preference files . whichever you are given , put the files in the /plugins directory of your bukkit server . despite this , it seems a minecraft forums user by the name of krnlyng has ported a few vanilla minecraft server mods over to bukkit , including buildcraft . this thread is linked to from the official buildcraft thread so i am assuming it is reliable ; at the time of writing , though , it is only compatible with 1.7.3 .
upcoming changes seems like riot has targeted flat runes as being a source of balance issues . be on the lookout for more flat rune nerfs and scaling rune buffs because if they are significant enough ( say , scaling outvalues flat at level 6 instead of 13 ) then the flat runes have far less value than the scaling . here 's a peek at the upcoming changes . general advice in short , go with flat runes if you will have a significantly stronger laning presence because of them . although scaling runes outpace flat runes around level 13 ( sometimes even earlier ) , the strong early game presence provided by flat runes can out-value the late game presence provided by scaling runes . to answer your questions more directly : certain champions that have high stat scaling or activated abilities use flat runes to significantly empower them early game . some examples : champions with near 1:1 ability power to damage ratios on their abilities ( sion , amumu , etc . ) can turn an early game 50 ability power directly into 50 damage , which is scary for early levels when you have from 400-600 health as a squishy champions . you will have to be weary of taking damage from them as this will badly hurt your early game . crit builds , mostly crit gangplank , rely on flat critical strike chance or damage early game to win the lane through big critical strikes when harassing . anyone who is had the unfortunate experience of being killed by a huge crit during a low-level duel knows how strong this can be , albeit very luck based . edit : this has since been changed but i am saying it for historical reasons : akali 's twin disciples passive used to provide 10% spell vamp and 10% bonus magic damage when she has a bonus of 10 attack damage and 20 ability power , respectively . having this at level 1 or 2 is very appealing , and this is what pro akali players tend to do , including the top akali westrice . you should never buy less than tier 3 runes . tier 1 and 2 runes provide small bonuses and may be responsible for at most 3-5 of your low level wins , but once you hit level 20 you will be glad you saved your hard earned ip for tier 3 runes . runes cannot be bought with rp so you will be forced to grind for them , which i have been doing for the last 200 games and i am still not finished . you will still win plenty of games without a rune page before level 20 , speaking from personal experience . there is always a certain level at which scaling runes outpace flat runes . that level is usually around 13 , but as stated in this answer some outpace at level 6 . almost all of the time you need to measure the utility you get out of your runes by yourself , because their value is largely based on your skill and style . the exceptions i know are that flat armor , flat magic resist , flat attack damage , and flat ability power quintessences are are far more valuable than scaling because of how important those stats are early game . early game farming and presence is very important , which you will learn with time and i will not cover here . flat mana regen runes can also help early game sustain . referring to playstyle : in terms of offense , flat runes are really worth it if you can use them to force enemy champions out of their lane and zone them early game . for example , if those flat runes get you three waves of creeps and 1 more kill than your opponent , you have a ~800 gold advantage that more than makes up for the stats lost by taking flat runes over scaling . this is most commonly done by killing your lane opponent and pushing the lane to their tower . in terms of defense , i always use flat runes to counteract the power of others . if your opponent happens to use a strong combo of flat runes on a champion in most cases you will be crushed in lane ( read my answer to #1 ) . by starting with flat runes like armor yellows and magic resist blues i get a great +13 armor and +13 magic resist . health quintessences are also decent . they mean you can basically ignore enemy champion harassment for the first 5 levels and farm as you please . there is nothing more discouraging to your enemies when they can not force you out of lane after trying their hardest . dominion i have racked up a lot of dominion games and came out deciding that my advice on flat runes still applies to dominion , if not more than in classic gameplay . this sounds odd given champion level increases so quickly in dominion , meaning scaling runes reach their potential faster . however , scaling are only viable if you can farm properly and prevent your opponent from killing you . in dominion , there is no consistent farming and you have to fight ! if you are staying in lane farming you are likely going to fall behind everyone else who is focusing on getting kills and capturing points . so you can not reasonably expect to avoid fights and just farm . you are going to be fighting opponents with all-in flat rune strategies , and with scaling you are likely going to be losing . in particular the initial fight for the windmill happens at level 3 . at this level flat runes still provide more power than scaling , so they are important to have if you want to win that fight . if you do not win that fight you tend to lose the whole game - all 4 of your teammates dying at the windmill is a ~500-1400 gold advantage that the enemy team has ( depending on how many of them died ) , and with that gold difference you can have a very hard time catching up .
if i were to list all the units that fungal growth is effective against , i would end up with a list of the units in starcraft 2 . there was once even an occasion where i cast fungal growth on siege tanks ( which seems ridiculous , but was very necessary ) . instead , to try and determine how to effectively use it , let us follow the advice of hannibal lector ( quoting marcus aurelius ) : first principles , clarice . simplicity . read marcus aurelius . of each particular thing ask : what is it in itself ? what is its nature ? what does he do , this man you seek ? fungal growth has two properties to it , which you have listed , it prevents units from moving and it does damage ( 36 over 8 seconds ) . its nature then is two fold : damage and delaying damage fungal growth does 36 damage over 8 seconds ( in game seconds ) or 4.5 dps . by comparison a phoenix does 9 dps , a zealot does 13.3 , and a hellion does 3.2 ( vs non-light ) . so not a ton of damage ; but , like the hellion , it does aoe damage so that 4.5 is multiplied by the number of units you hit . hit two and you are like a phoenix ; three and you have zealot level damage ; four and you are out dpsing hydras and ultras . so the first principle of effective fungal growth is : the more units the better . obviously this means you want to target smaller units more often as they clump up better . unlike hydralisk , two infestors can not fungal growth the same unit ( well the can , but it does not overlap , it just resets the duration ) , so your principle use is going to be slightly different from a hydra ball . while you are still going to want to fungal growth his whole army during large scale engagements , this is not the time when fungal growth functions best . instead consider its long range ( 9 ? ) and how you could utilize that to get more than one cast off on a given unit . consider an advancing enemy force , and what happens as you fungal growth it and fall back : its forced to wait out the damage . while healing and repair will mitigate this some you are draining resources . thus our second principle is like voting in chicago : early and often . get fungal growths off before the main battle delaying in addition to doing damage , the other large advantage to freezing an encroaching enemy army is that it buys you time . zerg is largely a momentum race so many zerg players will opt for very macro oriented builds , choosing to invest more heavily in economy than a standing army . as a result you may not have the forces to deal with an assault when it comes . being able to delay your opponent for 8 or 16 seconds can easily be the difference between a 100 food army and a 130 food army . one of the best people to see this behavior in is liquid`tlo 's zerg style . he will frequently delay opposing armies with fungal growth while he builds a force . so the third principle of fungal growth is : more time means more units . delaying an assault is fine and all but there are time when what you need to do is delay a retreat . whether its marines retreating from banelings , drop ships running from hydras , or maybe just an enemy force looking to run from a losing battle , being able to stop a retreat is almost always a good thing . usually , if your opponent is smart , he is retreating for a reason , and cutting off that retreat is letting you exploit that reason . so our fourth principle of fungal growth is do not let them get away . tl ; dr so let 's sum up about the uses of fungal growth : the more units the better early and often more time means more units do not let them get away whether you are getting infestors as your core tier 2 unit , or your just using them to supplement your current army , i think you will find that these four principle will really help you be more effective . the issue of range came up and fungal growth does indeed have range 9 . you can verify this in the galaxy editor , but i have also supplied a picture as proof : i used a viking ( range 9 ) as a ruler .
do not give up -- just keep practicing ! you should get an auto-save just prior to or just after activating the third part of the prophecy . if you have managed to get all your stalkers up until that point , you can continually reload from there until you succeed . other tips : just keep running . do not stop to fight , kill nydus worms , etc , anything . your first blink should be into the lowground " pit " with the zerg defenses . stun one with zeratul and then just charge up the ramp -- you had take more damage going the long way around . blink over rocks when you can , but when you get to the set of two rocks , blink in between and destroy the second pair ( the zerg will have to stop to destroy the first set ) when in doubt , blink ! edit : i just completed the mission again today , and can emphatically restate that you do not want to take the suggested route ( delimited by the arrows on the minimap ) but cut straight through the little zerg base in the pit . just keep running , and you should be able to escape handily ( just be careful about where your units are before you blink -- i wound up only saving 5 of the 6 stalkers because one poor fellow misjudged the blink distance and wound up having to go the long way around . : ( )
it is a random assortment based on your skill level . every mission has a minimum skill before it becomes availiable , and there is a maximum number of availiable missions at each tier , which is based on your skill and increases with it . you can refresh the list by zoning into a new area , or logging out and back in .
the bronze star is a ui element that was accidentally introduced in the last update before it was meant to be displayed . it was supposed to be removed in a subsequent patch , but to date arenanet still has not been able to do so . here 's a reddit post detailing the fixes in the latest patch . note the following line : hid blank world-event ui for temple of the silent storm week this was later removed from the official forum patch notes when it was discovered that the star was still there for players . update : another patch was released on january 30th which has now solved the issue . here are the official patch notes which mention the fix .
ok , i did it : you can always switch between english and the language you downloaded hearthstone in ( if different from english ) using the client . config in you hearthstone directory . for example , i downloaded it in spanish so i can always change between engb and eses in the file and it'll work flawlessly . for any third language you will need additional files . those files are contained in the archive base-win-lang . mpq where lang is your language ( e . g . base-win-es . mpq ) . but those files do not have any effect unless copied to hearthstone/data/win . they are 2 files named soundslanglang0 . unity3d and spellslanglang0 . unity3d . example of additional files i pasted in this directory : soundsdede0 . unity3d and spellsdede0 . unity3d . " where do i find additional language files ? " only from downloading the whole client to get hold of base-win-lang . mpq or asking someone who has them on their drive . the archive itself is 37-39 mb , while the 2 extracted files are 40+ mb . extract the 2 files and copy them into programs ( x86 ) /hearthsone/data/win . and do not forget to still edit client . config accordingly . :- ) edit : i uploaded the soundfiles i had to dropbox , so feel free to use them . they are already unzipped , so just paste them into the directory mentioned above . if anyone wants to upload the other soundfiles/mpq then i would be happy to link them here spanish and german files
it really depends on the quest . in the geth vr thing you will not be granted additional xp for destroying more blocks than necessary , but you will be granted extra xp for locating extra clues during investigation phases of the leviathan dlc .
from the civfanatics forum : khaaan ! requires an outright loss through both score and lack of conquests . if you want the achievement , easiest is to give all your cities away to a remaining ai one turn before the end of the scenario , then press end turn .
in the general sense , every weapon will give the same dps at the same rough level of skill . if you are just as skilled with the dual swords as the gunlance , your dps is going to be roughly even . how much dps you do depends on quite a few factors , and if all of these are equal , so will the dps . you can see the damage formula here . it is not just raw dps you need to pay attention to , nor elemental . you need to ensure you are hitting the right area of the monster , using an element the monster is weak to , and you have to make sure you dodge , too . monsters are not just going to sit still and take it , either , so you can not just assume you can go all out and have perfect dps . in the end , dps is somewhat of a meaningless stat , as it all evens out .
when you defeat an enemy , you are awarded a fixed amount of experience for each unmastered item you had equipped in the fight , and for each item , that much xp goes toward moving your character to the next level . the total xp is essentially a multiple of your unmastered items . so if an enemy is " worth " 500 xp , you had get 2,000 total xp if you are using an unmastered weapon , shield , armor , and helm . if an item is mastered , you no longer gain experience for using it . so , if one of the items you use in a fight is mastered , then the portion of the xp earned for that item does not go toward moving your character to the next level - it is effectively lost . imo , the only time you had want to use a mastered item over an unmastered item is if you are having a hard time with a fight , and the mastered item is stronger than the unmastered item .
as always , the best defense is a good offense . if you can take his drone control offline , you just need to work harder to keep it offline . that might mean targeting the drone system to disrupt repairs even when there are other undamaged systems to target . you are correct that drones can come back online quickly and this is an issue . i am not sure the enemy actually has to spend drone parts to do this , though you would have to . defensively , dodge and shielding of course matter . you can not have too much of either ( well , dodge from engines experiences diminishing returns at higher levels of system improvement , so do not overdo it there ) . getting to 2 points in shields fairly early can be a very good investment , and i like to have 3 by sector 5 or so . you can destroy drones around your ship with ship weapons , however this is a coincidental thing and the drones can be brought back online with the expenditure of a drone part . if the orbiting drone happens to collide with a projectile , boom . it is very unusual ; i have only seen it once myself .
from personal experience ( which seems backed up by this thread where the developer responded ) , the repair arm heals you 1 hull point , regardless of the amount of scrap collected . from the developer via that thread as well : we did not want it to be always a positive , obvious choice . the power of constant repairs after every fight is too useful without at least a few setbacks . [ . . . ] i might sell it come sector 6 or 7 if i am doing well since that 15% starts to hurt a lot more and the extra boost to finish off the boss is helpful . the ftl wikia seems to agree with this as well : repairs your hull by 1 point every time you collect scrap [ . ]
http://www.gamefaqs.com/gbc/197155-dragon-warrior-monsters/faqs/8155 this faq should answer all of your questions and more .
from your description it sounds like you are most concerned with testing the contents of a hopper that is filling a minecart ( either a chest minecart or a hopper minecart ) and performing an action based on its empty or full state . this is good because it is quite easy to test , as opposed to testing the contents of the cart itself . since you mention in a comment that you are basically building off of my previous design , but adding an automatic option to send the minecart instead of pressing a button , i will show you how to modify it accordingly : after adding a hopper above the cart , add a comparator which powers a redstone torch . this will turn on when the hopper empties . this signal then powers a rising edge detector circuit that consists of a dropper feeding another hopper , which in turn feeds back into the dropper . place a single item in the dropper . a comparator tests the contents of the hopper , and a repeater feeds the signal into the powered rail . whenever the feeding hopper empties , the rail powers and sends the cart along .
it is not possible as yet . they have plans for character profiles , similar to world of warcraft 's armory . http://us.battle.net/d3/en/blog/5406050/character_profiles_coming_soon-5_11_2012 also , http://us.battle.net/wow/en/forum/topic/5271598804 details blizzard 's plan for an api to get diablo 3 information .
when this question was asked , steam family sharing was in beta . however , as of march 3rd 2014 , steam family sharing is out of beta and available to everyone . if you open that tab now , you should see a screen like this :
fof missiles have been rather safe to use for years now . back in revelation ii , they were changed from attacking the closest object/target/ship/anything in space to only attacking mission rats and large collidable objects in high-sec , and any ships and large collidable objects in low- and null-sec . what is dangerous about them is that they have a penance to choose large collidable objects instead of players or rats , making them a massive wastage factor along with their diminutive ability to reduce the mission rats ' combined dps on your ship . a general rule of thumb regarding fof-missiles : recycle them .
this partially depends on whether you mean for a pvp or pve character . for a pvp character , yes , the purchasing all skill packs will allow you complete use of all campaign skills in pvp . for a pve character , no , as pve-only skills , cannot be unlocked via skill pack purchases . so , for example , you had still have to do quests for the various factions in eye of the north to get those skills . note that for pve characters , this does not mean that you automatically will have all these skills learned on your character . you will still have to pay to learn non-elites and capture elites . however , non-elites will be available on all skill trainers for you , which can be especially valuable in the early game , where the skill trainer 's offerings are more limited . you can also learn unlocked skills through elite/non-elite skill tomes , and , perhaps the handiest feature , all unlocked skills will be available for you to equip on your heroes .
well , they neither do improve your assist nor they are just for fun . completing marksman challenges only unlock weapon attachments , which might offer new tactical alternatives , depending on your playstyle . there are bugs in the game where equipping a visor attachment ( holographic , acog ) actually will increase accuracy slightly whem aiming down sights on some guns ( will not go into detail ) , but that is a different question . completing other challenges have various effects , namely they upgrade your perks from basic to pro .
you can get a mighty blow when you use a channeled skill , but only if you kill enough monsters fast enough . the fact that you use a channeled skill to kill enough monsters does not qualify for mighty blow unless you kill them quickly enough . i am pretty sure that , in general , mighty blow does not care at all on how you got the kills - from a single channeled skill , from an aoe attack , from a combination of mines and 2 different skills - it only cares about 6+ kills in a short enough timespan ( about a second ) . so whether a skill is channeled or not has no impact here . but either way i was able to 100% verify that mighty blow is obtainable from channeled skills , but only when you kill the monsters quickly enough .
the simple answer is to click on the nexus . you can see the energy they have . if you have health bars on , you do not even have to click on it at all .
you can make the decision when you leave the starting planet . you also need to be at level 10 , you may not be level 10 at when you reach this point so you will need to go back if you leave that area . to leave the starting planet/area you need to complete all the story quests .
i think the numbers you are referring to are the xx/yy numbers . those numbers refer to the condition of the weapon/armor . the xx part refers to the current condition of the item , which degrades with usage . weapons degrade when they are used to attack and armor degrades when you receive damage from enemies . when an item 's condition reaches 0 and it is used , it'll break and lose all its effectiveness . you will either have to repair it at a blacksmith or use a repair kit . the yy part refers to the maximum durability of the item .
these items can be given to members of the tiller faction , in exchange for friendship . you do not gain reputation with the tiller faction itself , but each member of the tillers has a friendship level : each item you can pick up will give you reputation , but you can get additional reputation by giving the item to the named person in the description of each item as follows ; blue feather - old hillpaw or chee chee jade cat - fish fellreed or ella lovely apple - sho or jogu the drunk marsh lilly - farmer fung or gina mudclaw ruby shard - tina mudclaw or haohan mudclaw by giving the item to the person named in the description , you will gain 900 reputation with that individual , if you give an item to a person not named in the description you will receive 540 reputation with that person . each person has additional quests for you once you reach certain levels of friendship with them and will give you a vanity item for your farm once you become best friends with them .
this post tells you how to back up your bf3 save files for transfer to another computer : http://forums.electronicarts.co.uk/battlefield-3-pc/1455727-solved-battlefield-3-orgin-backup-method.html it should be in something like " c:\games\orgin games " and then " battlefield 3" or " bf3" . additionally , you have the option of saving your games in the cloud through origin .
in regards to which group is most popular , i can honestly not tell you , nor do i know how you would find out as the only way you could is statistics unavailable to the average player or personal testing , but even then the popularity of each one may vary daily . i can however provide you with some advice that may help with your problem , similar to my answer to your second question , the ring 's purpose is to block connections to everyone but the people in the same group . this means that if it is general co op you are after , the ring is not really the way to go unless you are wanting to play with friends that you can tell what group to go in . also what is your issue with connectivity ? finding signs or actually connecting when you use them ? if it is the latter your problem may be completely different . i have not played dark souls 2 for a little while but i assume it is still very popular , so there should in theory be no problem with finding signs . hope this helps .
according to http://www.lurkerlounge.com/spirea/hirelings/stats.shtml, the inherent attack rating ( ar ) of act 1 mercenary is quite low : 796 on level 80 . combined with the fact that the monsters in hell difficulty have defense rating ( dr ) on the order of 1500 and the chance to hit formula ( assuming equal levels of attacker and defender ) : toHit = AR / (AR + DR) , this makes her base chance to hit very low : 796 / ( 1500 + 796 ) = 0.35 . if we add 1000 to her ar , we will get the chance to hit of 1796 / ( 1500 + 1796 ) = 0.54 , which is 1.57 times higher ! so , if there were no other factors , i would keep the ar bow even if it had 1.5 times less damage . note that other factors affecting the ar and defense include inner sight and fire arrow . another thing to keep in mind is that the poison damage does not stack . if you have a weapon dealing 100 poison damage over 3 seconds and you hit once per second , the damage poison deals between hits will be mere 33.3 , and then , when another hit lands , the old poison will be replaced with a new one , not added to it . on the other hand , poison stops the natural monster regeneration , which may be a big deal for really tough monsters .
a very interesting discussion about this from this reddit /r/teslore post : in the azura and the box story , the sage nchylbar was not trying to prove whether azura could determine what was in the box . he was concerned with whether the divine spirits had mastery over all of the world , or if mortals could create their own destinies . so he duped azura . she saw clearly what was in the box , but he palmed the flower before revealing it . in the aldmer version of the tale , a sphere becomes a flat square , but i would surmise that the gist of the story still hinges on slight of hand trumping divine power . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44wcqk azura and the box is one of the tales of the ancient dwemer by marobar sul . it is a plagiarisation of a colovian story adapted to fit a popular conception of the dwemer . it is not to be regarded as an historical document . source : http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/rdbxh/azura_and_the_box_and_halfdwemer_people/c44y12r
you can only pay tabs for people who are in your party . once either you or they leave , you stop paying their tab . " elevators " is self-explanatory . " all " includes elevators , but also includes deactivated mecha-knights , laser cannons , and energy gates , all of which can be activated with energy .
bend will can be used on odahviing and he can be ridden . picture from http://imgur.com/r/skyrim/labhz
the drive is separate from your account , and the ps3 backup is not reliant on ps+ subscription . you do not lose anything owned by your account by deleting it from your ps3 . if your backup fails , try deleting unnecessary files like game install data ( under game data utility on the game category on the xmb ) , i had a problem when install data for one game was corrupted and this may fail a backup . when all else fails , backup all of your saves to the cloud backup then replace your old drive with the new drive and restore all the saves to it . you will need to redownload all of the full games , demos , game patches , dlc and reinstall disc based games in order to play them again , though , and you will lose the current themes on your system and all the non-game media ( movies , pictures , music ) .
just like the western cliché where someone shoots a cowbow in the hat and it flies away , this is just a visual candy to add some authenticity and fun to the game . it also means that you were a bit off regarding your headshot and aimed a bit too high and shot the hat only ( you should be able to shoot a hat with any gun and even your fists ) . as far as i am aware of , drinking whiskey only gives back hp , you can only get your hat back when you respawn .
since 1.0.4 , there is a normal jungle on the surface above the underground jungle , so you do not need to go deep to grow it . what you can expect depends on how deep you go . the depth that underground jungle enemies ( hornets and man eaters ) and jungle roses need seems to have been increased in patch 1.0.4 ; i am not sure of the exact height , but it is possible that it is world specific , like the dungeon position . i built a working underground jungle grinder before 1.0.4 right below the zero feet mark . the only monsters that spawn now are jungle bats and snatchers ( the over-ground jungle enemies ) . jungle roses will not grow , and ones that grew before the update do not drop anything . whether you need to trim the vines , depends . they do not stop monster spawns , at any rate . you could also build a stone ceiling above each layer to prevent the vines from growing at all .
by definition , the dense ores symbol adds instability , and instability leads to decay . there might be a way to remove the instability through cheating , but that is , as stated previously , cheating . your best bet would be to have a chicken , cow , and sugarcane farm , so that you can make the books that you need . once you get dense ores symbol , you can learn the symbol in the writing desk , and then write the dense ores symbol into any age you want to .
it is in call of duty : elite , the online component of call of duty . login , then go to " elite tv , " then you can " select a channel " and then finally , click on your gamertag in that popup . you will be taken to a place where you can view any video in your vault . ( if you are logged into elite already , this link might take you straight there . ) from this you can also link to youtube and upload videos from elite 's online vault into youtube . you do not need an " elite subscription " to do this . you can sign up and use these features for free , although there are some other features you have to pay extra for .
the best answers for optimal plays can usually be found in the elitist jerks forums , because they do a lot of testing and maths to confirm their recommendations . on dot refreshing , they say : compared to wlk , our dot 's are far stronger now . you want to do your best to maintain very high uptime on both of them . typically , the only time you will hold up recasting of a dot is if it falls off and the corresponding eclipse is coming up very soon--you will wait one or two casts and refresh at the beginning of eclipse . if both dot 's are coming up at around the same time when you start eclipse , remember that nature 's grace will only affect the second one , so you want to remember to use insect swarm first ( because moonfire/sunfire is stronger than is under either eclipse ) . cataclysm changed the way dot refreshing works--when you refresh a currently ticking dot , you no longer waste a partial tick . significantly , if you refresh a dot when it has only one tick remaining , there is no loss at all . this means the optimal time to refresh a dot is during its last tick , thereby maintaining true 100% uptime . failing that , refresh at the same time you do now , as soon at it falls off . note : since moonfire and sunfire are two different debuffs , we can not benefit from the new dot system when replacing one with the other . in that case you should wait for the old moonfire/sunfire to fall off . dot ticks use your spellpower , haste , and +% damage ( e . g . eclipse ) values from the moment the dot was cast--they do not update in real time until the next time you cast the dot . crit chance of the ticks , on the other hand , does change dynamically if you gain or lose crit buffs while the dot is ticking . because the entire dot is effected by your stats at the moment of cast , there can be detailed decisionmaking in when to apply them--see " advanced points " below for more . from http://elitistjerks.com/f73/t110353-balance_cataclysm_4_3_dragon_soul/#dot_refreshing
if you look closely ( its easier with more brightness ) there is a this pressure plate missing in the back . here , i made a video showing how to get the key . . .
yes , this is entirely possible , you just have to move the .craft file from one save folder to the other . inside the ksp directory , you should be able to find the ship you created in career inside the $KSP$/saves/&lt;save name&gt;/Ships/ folder . ships created in the space plane hanger will be in the sph subfolder , while ships created in the vab will be in the vab subfolder .
it could be the controller as i have personally had many old controllers like the thrustmaster and honestly found them to be pretty bad , i cannot really answer if it is the controller as you are the only one with your controller , if anything look at it in the settings ( control panel > controllers ) and see if the controller reacts to button presses quickly and properly ( as in pushing forwards and then letting go does not cause you to take a step back . the second thing is it could be dark souls , dark souls has a certain timing to many of these attacks that take time to get use to . there are delays in swings because your character has to draw their sword back or pull their foot up and kicks requires specific timing . the timing for the kick is to press the attack button and forwards at the exact same time . not one slightly ahead of the other but nearly exactly at the same time , the reason is sometimes you want to move forward and attack and not kick so the timing is specific to ensure you kick when you want to kick and attack any other time . secondly the plunging attack requires you to not jump off or roll off initially . i do not know if you are doing that but it will delay your attack . just walk off the ledge at the boss and as soon as you start falling hit the attack button and you should perform a plunging attack . it can actually be done a little too late and seem like you will miss it only for it to land . i use a ps3 controller with a tool to make it function like a xbox 360 controller and the game reacts perfectly too it and i can perform all these attacks just fine .
another negative aspect of resting is that it expends your hunger level much more quickly than playing at normal speed . think of it as the game increasing the play speed by a few [ units ] , anything affected by time is affected by resting .
this does mean that you are not eligible for the Ghost experience bonus . it does not mean that you are not eligible for the Foxiest of the Hounds achievement . foxiest of the hounds refers to if a guard runs up to an alarm panel and activates it , or a camera sets off an alarm , not the " alarmed " state that guards can go into . also , you already lost the " ghost " bonus because someone spotted a body . edit : alarmed occurs whenever a guard sees ( or hears ) something out of the ordinary . for example , a door open , a dead body , a hole in the wall that you punched out etc . this state varies . this state will disqualify you from receiving ghost if someone spotted you or a body or something similar . this state will not disqualify you from receiving ghost if someone spots a door opening , a hole in the wall or something similar . ( at least i think this is how it works , i have received and not received ghost in these ways , but i am not 100% sure if this is exactly how it works ) suspicious occurs whenever you are spotted by a camera or after guards have been hostile for a while and you have remained hidden for a while , they will revert back to alarmed , and then suspicious . this state will not disqualify you from getting ghost . hostile means that they are actively searching for your last seen location and occurs only if you have been spotted by a camera ( for long enough ) a robot or a guard . this state will disqualify you from getting ghost .
as far as i know , the honor of a daimyo is his own . when that daimyo dies , and is replaced the things that he has done will not so much effect the new one .
according to the terraria wikia , wyverns spawn above 800 feet above ground in all biomes except hallow , where they spawn at just 300 feet .
this list does not take in account every legacy items such as the star of azkaranth which could in the pre 2.0 patch roll ( 3-5% vs elites ) but no longer does ( legacy one vs ros one ) bonus vs elite black bone arrows ( quiver : 5-8% ) archfiend arrows ( quiver : 4-7% ) hellcat waistguard ( belt : 3-5% ) halcyons ascent ( amulet : 10-15% ) stone of jordan ( ring : 25-30% ) unity ( ring : 12-15% ) blood magic blade ( 1 hand blade : 4-7% ) sun keeper ( 1 hand mace : 15-30% ) empyrean messenger ( 1 hand spear : 5-8% ) venomhusk ( bow : 8-9% ) sydryu crust ( bow 9-10% ) ruinstoke ( wand : 4-7% ) aughild 's set ( bonus 3 : 15% ) blackthorne 's set ( bonus 2 : 10% ) socketin a weapon with a diamond ( 2-20% depending on the diamond quality ) bonus vs other types tyrael 's might ( chest : 10-20% damage to demons ) pig sticker ( 1 hand dagger : 15-30% damage to beasts and 15-30% damage to humans ) monster hunter ( 1 hand sword : 5-6% damage to beasts ) sever ( 1 hand sword : 5-10% damage to demons )
yes . the higher your lock picking the longer your picks will last while trying to open the lock . if you reset back to 15 , your picks will break very often , thus making it necessary to constantly try to remember and find where the hot spot is for picking the lock . this will mean that it may take you a lot more lock picks before finding the hotspot of a difficult lock .
the mousetrap maibock is not purchased ; you get it by tapping on a mouse .
the typical team composition is : two players in the long lane ( left or right ) , with an adc ( all damage carry ; physical ranged ) and a support ( typically building tank , hand of the gods , and warding ; often rotating for mid-camps ) . mid lane a mage . solo lane ( short side lane ) with a solo-capable god ; often a bruiser . one player as a jungler . in lower level play a jungler is not always present . in higher ( mid to high ) level play a jungler is present because it distributes xp and gold better between teammates ( the additional gold and xp from the jungle as well as the solo laner not having to split with another player in lane ) . the typical players distribution at the start of a game depends on whether the long lane is left or right . if the long lane is left , the duo goes for their sides blue buff , while the other three players go for the right mid-harpies . the mid player then goes for mid , while the jungler and solo laner go for red and blue buff , then into the solo lane . the jungler takes the red , the solo the blue buff . if the long lane is right , the jungler helps left solo to get his blue buff . the other three players take the right mid-harpies , mid goes mid afterwards , and duo takes their sides blue - which the adc takes . at around 1:40 the support may rotate to the mid-harpies to catch them at 2:00 with his hog . the jungler ( may ) initially helps out the solo laner ( otherwise he could get pushed back hard two on one by the enemy jungler supporting his solo ) . the jungler mainly clears his jungle , and ganks whoever seems gank-able by over-extension or vulnerable god - situational anyway .
yes , the number of flashbacks is limited . the number of flashbacks you have available differs depending on difficulty , and is shown in the bottom left of the screen , next to the mini map ;
in general the requirements to tier up are : population , number of workshops and production ( a rating based on the number of things created in workshops ) . you also need at least one farm . the requirements for the different tiers is : tier 1 ( camp ) 2 workshops , population 20-29 , and production > 20 tier 2 ( settlement ) 6 workshops , population 30-39 , and production > 100 tier 3 11 workshops , population 40-59 , and production > 500 tier 4 population 60-99 , and production > 1000 tier 5 population 100-199 , and production > 3000 tier 6 population 200+ and production > 10000 there is a bug in the current version ( 1.41 ) that if your population exceeds the range of the next tier before you meet the other requirements , you will not progress to the next tier - so if you are at tier 1 and have population 40 before having enough workshops or production then you can not progress to tier 2 but need to skip straight to tier 3 ( or cull your population ) .
in theory if you had a person 's user name and number , you could look them up ( on the blizzard website ) . unfortunately those numbers are hidden by default so unless you get your opponent to give you his number , i do not see how . ultimately i tend to ask my opponents , and i find this works well . i can probably trust their answers about as well as i can trust them to give their hidden number . more often than not , i can tell a person 's league just by scouting : if they have a lot of workers and are using a known build : probably plat/diamond if they are doing something weird , or i find a proxy blank , probably gold . if they do not have more than 13 workers , definitely silver or lower . these rules are not hard and fast , but they do tend to explain 90% of my games . if i am getting 4 gate timing push at 6:30 you can bet the guy is in diamond . where this breaks down is when you start to get top 10 diamond and then start seeing things like : bunker push , 2 pylon wall in . and all of a sudden i start sweating . . .
yes . if you change online-mode to false in server . properties , you can still play on that server while minecraft .netis down , since it does not try to check your username against the database . a word of advice , this will open you up to major griefing and it only allows one person to log in at a time .
this is undoubtedly a video card issue . i had something similar , only it was displaying just green gobbledygook . your only recourse is to call up microsoft and hope it is under warranty -- or replace it . sorry .
canabalt is an endless run game , it only gets more difficult as the game goes on . reason why the scores are similar on top rank is because the game probably gets technically impossible to beat ( too many jumps close together or unjumpable heights ) .
what you are referring to is sometimes called " drop shooting " or " dolphin diving " ( the later one has some forward motion ) . people do this because : 1 ) shooters typically work like this - you go into crouching or prone position and your aiming reticule gets smaller , therefore you can shoot more accurate . 2 ) you yourself offer a smaller target . while true that you expose your head , you are still very small and hard to hit . 3 ) quickly dive into cover . some games try to remedy this " phenomenon " by applying some penalties , like not being able to shoot while the " going prone " animation rolls ( battlefield 3 ) , jumping very dramatically without the ability to shoot ( black ops , other ones might as well , but do not know ) , or simply do not support prone ( battlefield bad company 2 ) . edit : reading your comment - i do not know if someone has actually made something like that , but here are some youtube videos . might contain something satisfying for you
the nes titles run just fine . there are no worries there . the n64 titles run mostly fine . sometimes they slow down and " lag " a bit . get a bit choppy , but run surprisingly well for being emulated on the console that is next gen to it . played all the way through ocarina of time with no problems . played all the way through majora 's mask with only 1 freeze . both were choppy in parts , but overall very playable experience for me .
the wii has had access to the rock band store since the release of rock band 2 . your wii needs to be connected to the internet , and you need regular wii points in order to purchase the songs . the usual price is 200 points per song , but there are some priced at 100 points . also , due to the lack of a hard drive , you will want a good sized sd card in the wii in order to store the songs . i have a 2gb in mine , but that is because rock band 2 does not support a larger card , even though the wii does . my guess is that rock band 3 will support larger sd cards .
yes , you can find the same piece of set item multiple times . source : personal experience proof : also if you do not have the luck to get the same items you sold you can just buy them off the merchants you sold them to but of course the price will be lot higher then what you got for them ( but then again that does not really matter as getting the money if fairly easily and fast past lv10 and you will have so much money you wont know what to do with it anyway ) .
there is not a great reason to save them at that point . blood meals max out at 999 currently . they could be used to increase your " collections " , but their main value is in bringing up skill levels for familiars by doing the ' blood brothers ' vaporizing thing . at 100+ , i would try only for long-shot uc chances , as those net you 45 skill points , unless you really need the common variety for boosting . given the limit of familiars you can hold , the common ones start to become more trouble than they are worth . you will still want to keep some blood meals for events , as they might be useful for catching the tournament type of familiars .
i do not believe this is currently possible with respect to controlling each piston in a completely independent manner from all the other pistons . it is possible to isolate the inputs to each piston such that they can be independently extended , but the problem arises when you want to independently retract them . here is the key point from the " bugs " section of the minecraft wiki for pistons : if two extended pistons are one above the other , the lower one cannot retract until the upper one retracts ( video explanation ) . if the top one will start extending while bottom one is still retracting , the last will start extending as well . the only possible solution i can think of would be to retract all higher pistons whenever a given piston needs to retract , then return them to their previous state ( if they were extended ) after a brief delay . this is the only way to ensure that a given piston can retract , but would require more complicated redstone circuitry . it would also mean that the pistons are not acting in a completely independent fashion , since changes to lower pistons would transiently affect the states of higher pistons . to illustrate proof of concept for this solution ( transiently resetting all higher pistons to their retracted state ) i built a simple 2-piston stack : the lever on the left controls the lower piston , and the lever on the right controls the upper piston . here 's a view from the top showing how it is all wired up in back : the left lever drives the lower piston directly , but the right lever drives another piston that opens and closes a circuit delivering power to the upper piston ( basically , an and gate ) . the " power " in this case comes from two or -ed signals : one is the left lever signal passed through a repeater with a 1-tick delay ( coming from the left in the image ) and the other is the left lever signal inverted then passed through a repeater with a 2-tick delay ( coming from the top in the image ) . this design creates a scenario whereby power is continuously supplied for use by the upper piston if the lever for the lower piston is in the on state , off state , or transitioning from off to on . however , when transitioning from on to off , the power to the upper piston will be temporarily disconnected . if in the extended state , the upper piston will momentarily retract long enough for the lower piston to retract before returning to the extended state . extending this solution to a larger stack of pistons is an exercise i will gladly leave to the reader . i for one am hoping they will simply correct the bug . ; )
i think the other posts pretty much sums it up , it is really situational . i found this which is in an in depth comparison between last whipser and black cleaver . copying the tl ; dr from the linked article : everything in league of legends is situational . neither last whisper nor the black cleaver is superior to either in all situations ; learn to think analytically and determine in what situations one will do more damage than the other . edit : link contains hard math , result is still " it depends " . the lower armor and longer engages the better black cleaver turns out and of course vice versa .
here 's the a very good explanation for dice poker including statistics . it is for the first witcher game , but it is mostly the same , except for those symbols . one circle is 1 , two circles is a 2 , and for the rest count the points , so the triangle is 3 , etc . the unlabeled circles are a glitch . restarting your game should fix it , but in most menus in witcher 2 , space is accept and esc is reject .
geralt 's amnesia started in the beginning of the first game , it has nothing to do with save files . geralt does not remember most of what happened to him in sapkovsky 's books . as far as i remember there was no crinfrid reavers in the first game .
this video here provides an excellent way of getting gold badge on this level . you have the right idea , you want to make them circle around , one of the best areas to do so is right at the beginning .
run into debt . let your family die of sickness give the investigator the coded ezic documents on day 12 . accept the ezic gift , but do not let the second ezic agent pass . kill an innocent person with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot an innocent person with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill a guard with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot a guard with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) kill the man in red on day 23 with the rifle . ( silver key ) shoot the man in red on day 23 with the tranquilizer gun ( gold key ) have unauthorized hangings on the wall during inspection after being warned previously . arrest shae on day 25 to get this ending on day 26 . do not work with ezic , and stop them from blowing up your booth on day 31 , but let them blow up the wall . work with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 . work with ezic , but kill them after they have blown up the wall on day 31 . escape to obristan work sometimes with ezic , but stop them from blowing up the wall and your booth . escape to obristan with your whole family work with ezic and let them blow up the wall on day 31 . do not work with ezic and stop them from blowing up the wall on day 31 .
according to : http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/professor_oak he used to be a trainer , but then retired into researching pokémon . his lab is used to research pokémon , unravel the mysteries of these creatures , and study their characteristics and behavior in a natural environment . pretty much to understand the varieties out there . kinda like a scientist that only studies whales .
abigail 's attack is relatively weak but it affects all enemies near her . she is not very good at fighting single , larger enemies ( though pretty much anything that tries to fight a tree without kiting it will die ) . she is , however , extremely effective against groups of smaller enemies such as spider dens . once summoned , abigail will remain until killed . this means you can summon her outside of combat by killing a rabbit or other small creature and have her with you when the fight starts . it is much easier than trying to summon her while fighting/running for your life .
yes , the concentration mod will stack with the infiltrator 's operational mastery , or the soldier 's adrenaline rush . the spare thermal clip upgrade increases your overall ammo capacity for the rifle , but does not impact the clip size . so , in the case of the mantis , your clip size will always be one . your spare ammo capacity , on the other hand , will be increased by the given percentage , rounded down ( need to verify the rounding , but memory-maths tells me this is the case ) . the extended scope upgrade highlights targets within the smoke , using an orange/red outline . i found this had mixed success depending on how close the target was to the smoke , since sometimes they would fade out of view .
the max level is 5 for mods , period . you should not have to play a new game plus to get them , though you will have to get to the end of the game for them all to unlock , they are not available from the start . you might have to play a new game plus to get the credits to afford all of them however , especially if you spend lots of credits on other items .
it is very similar to the way it worked in mass effect 2 . disc 1 contains the first and last missions of the game , while disc 2 contains the more open middle part . however , as you experienced , some of the early side missions on disc 2 are accessible while you are still on the disc 1 part , but this is not a big deal . once you get to the disc 2 part , there is no more disc swapping until you get to the final missions on disc 1 .
all champions got their pros and cons and like all others varus got his counters . in my opinion all champs who got skills to evade varus skillshots will counter him hard like a bot lane with lot of cc . so back to your question : if you are able to play passive and land varus q ( which is his long range arrow skillshot ) as often as possible you can definitely kick some other champs . if you going to give it a try here is the link to the top-rated varus guide available on mobafire . there you can find everything you need .
you can obtain manure either from feeding flowers to pig men , or more reliably from finding a herd of beefalo , who produce it all the time .
no . . . you can hit rewind story . it is r1 on playstation so i am assuming it is rb on xbox . i do not know about pc . it gives you the option to rewind story so that the events and outcomes are different . if you hit replay mission and select a mission , you can rewind the story back to there .
i am not sure ( only got one gaming pc so can not test ) , but i guess it has to do with the size of skyrim savegames ( they are rather huge ) . i would suggest - as you probably want an immediate solution - to simply use the old fashioned way : copy the files yourself . you do not have to worry about inconsistent cloud states ( like overwriting newer saves by accident ) , because the file names are unique ( just make sure to create a new savegame once you have played ) . just copy the savegames you need from your desktop pc to your laptop . you can find the files in the following folder ( just create it , if it does not exist ) : My Documents > My Games > Skyrim > Saves the file names should be the same as they are in the game , with an attached .ess file extension . pick the savegames you had like to take with you and copy them to the same location on your laptop . once you are back home , do the same in reverse . also , you can remove old save games by simply removing them from that directory ( e . g . deleting them or moving them to a backup drive with more space ) .
as it stands you can only create 1 character , but there is no need to create more than 1 anyhow . each character can swap between any of the battleframes ( firefall 's version of a ' class' ) , simply by unlocking it at the battleframe garage and then swapping between them by using the battleframe stations ( these are located in most towns/outposts/watch towers ) you start with 3 battleframe slots , and can purchase more with redbeans ( the ingame currency ) , but even if you dont wish to spend anything on purchasing any extra slots , you can happily delete battleframes without losing any xp or unlocks you have earned on each frame . meaning you can delete a frame , and later load that frame again and you still have everything you had originally . . . you will just have to re-equip certain gear items/unlocks .
critical hits pack more punch , basically . a critical hit deals 300% the base damage of a weapon , disregarding distance between you and the target and random damage spread . in other words , you will always deal the same amount of damage no matter your luck and distance , so long as your shot hits your target . splash damage works normally , except obviously it'll deal thrice the punch . unless random crits are disabled , every time you fire your gun* you have a chance to shoot a random critical shot . chances range from 2% to 15% based on how much damage you have dealt ( or your buildings have dealt , or your medigun patients have dealt ) in the last 20 seconds . ( for melee weapons , the chances are 15% to 65% . watch out for those wrenches and medic saws ! ) *for the miniguns , the flamethrowers , the syringe guns , the pistols and other such weapons you only roll for crits once per second . a successful roll , however , grants you two seconds of guaranteed random critical hits . additionally , some weapons have guaranteed ways to obtain critical hits ( like all spy knives when attacking from behind ) , some weapons have no ways to obtain critical hits whatsoever ( like the cow mangler ) , and some are in between ( the flare gun will crit enemies on fire as well as deal random critical hits . ) a mini-crit is , instead , a simple 35% damage bonus after distance ramp-up ( the damage bonus you get for hitting enemies up close ) but without distance fall-off ( the damage penalty you get for hitting enemies from a distance ) . damage spread is also applied . you can only deal minicrits if something causes you to ; the tf2 wiki has a list of such situations . most notable are : jarate , buff banner , airblasted non-crit projectiles , death marks . read more about damage ramp-up and fall-off here .
as far as i know , nothing will happen . so yes , return manually . it felt kinda weird to not get any feedback , but i liked the empty feeling it left me with .
the world data , which also includes player inventories , is saved to a folder in the current working directory of the server . the name of said folder depends on the level-name setting in server.properties , and defaults to world . thus , you can start a new world and toggle between the saves by simply changing this setting . vanilla server commands related to saving/backups : /save-all - forces the server to save . /save-off - disables saving . you should definitely execute this before making a backup of a running server to ensure that the server does not save while you are copying , which could result in a corrupt backup . /save-on - re-enables saving .
the effectiveness of the life steal affix – which restores your life by a percentage of the damage you deal – is reduced in advanced difficulties , as shown : normal : 100% nightmare : 70% hell : 40% inferno : 20% keep in mind , however , that life on hit items are still perfectly viable in any difficulty . it is very common for the monk and barbarian to have high loh ( 1500+ ) just to survive act 3/4 inferno . diablo 3 life steal entry
the major cities each provide access to a bank which is 30 slots ( you can increase this ) shared by all characters on your account . you need to either travel to a bank manually or use one of the freemium items that allow bank access from the middle of anywhere . additionally , your collections storage of crafting materials ( max 250 of each crafting material ) is global to your account -- and you can access that ( and your bank ) from any crafting station .
your question is not correct . it is advantageous to flank an enemy , because it gives you better chance to hit . but if your chance to hit is , say , 90% , it does not matter if you are flanking - flanking is already factored in these 90% , and your chance to hit is 90% . there are no " normal ninety percent " and " flanking ninety percent " , that would be kind of stupid . to guarantee a hit , you need to guarantee a hit - i.e. get a one hundred percent chance . i have missed from 98% percent , and this is correct - approximately two shots out of 100 should miss . the only thing you can do to " game " hit percentages is reload and shoot in a different order . the game remembers random number generator state after save-load , and will always roll same numbers for same actions - but you can switch your shots around to miss with low-damage shot and then hit with a high-damage one . edit : upcoming enemy within expansion is promised to have a configurable option of saving random number generator state . i.e. with it off , you would be able to simple reload and take the shot until the outcome becomes " fair " ; - )
i am afraid there is no way to cause more villagers to spawn without going into creative mode and/or cheating in spawn eggs . if you do attempt to move them , note that you only need 2 , as they will breed . to prevent this from happening again , you can cause iron golems to spawn to protect your villagers by having at least 21 houses and 10 villagers . to get ten villagers , you need to build 29 houses , but then you can cut them back down 21 if you want . iron golems spawn every 10 villagers and 21 houses , so you could spawn several .
try opening the cd tray and closing it . the game then unhangs and continues as usual . you may stop hearing the music for a little bit , but it should restore and keep playing . this trick is not very well known , but it helps with this specific game .
the point of the game is to work together as a team to defeat the enemy team . there are now two primary modes : multiplayer - you and your team take on another team of human players in a game on one of several types of maps including : capture the flag king of the hill payload ( one team attempts to " push " a cart along a track to the other player 's base ) control point and others . . . co-op ( aka : mann vs . machine ) - you and your team work together to fend off wave after wave of ai controlled " robots " . keep in mind tf2 is a " class based " shooter , which has nine roles , which each play very differently . scout : a fast light class that captures points more quickly . soldier : a slightly heavy class that carries a rocket launcher . pyro : a short range , mid weight class with a flamethrower , which is great for rooting out spies . heavy : a very heavy , slow class with lots of hp and a fully auto " mini-gun " . demoman : a mid weight class that carries explosive weapons , including the remotely detonated sticky bombs . engineer : a mid weight class that focuses on building buildings on the map such as sentry guns and dispensers that supply health and ammo to your team . medic : the ubiquitous healer with a heart of stone . sniper : a mid weight class with a sniper rifle . spy : a spy that can turn invisible , disguise as a member of the opposing team , and kill with a single backstab . your choice of starting class will likely depend on your experience in other games . soldier , heavy , and sniper will probably be the most familiar to players of fps . if you have not played a lot of fps i would suggest pyro , since it is a little less particular about aim , and does not require the strategy of medic or engineer . the game does feature training which i would suggest using before jumping in , it'll get you familiar with the classes and controls . after that find a multiplayer game and jump in . you may also want to check out the official tf2 wiki .
i quote the elder scrolls wikia : at the end of raldbthar there is a dwarven mechanism which you lack the necessary item to activate . ( first dark brotherhood contract area for muiri ) the item is an attunement sphere found in other dwemer ruins . to unlock the mechanism you need to travel north of winterhold . carefully walk down the mountain , or jump off the bridge path to the college and pray you land in the water ( not suggested ) then swim north past skytemple ruins , to a cave called septimus signus 's outpost . once you have talked to septimus he will give you a quest called discerning the transmundane and give you key to open the dwarven mechanisms . raldbthar connects to blackreach ( by going through the mechanism ) which is part of the discerning the transmundane quest , so if you dont want to explore the location septumus suggests or if you already went through that gigantic location and dont want to retun yet , then you can ignore the mechanism . tes:v wikia
according to this article , yes . it is possible to escape the snow monster by traveling another 2000 m from the point which the monster gives chase , creating a loop and starting over from the beginning . one way to evade the monster is to go directly left or right in fast mode . he is right behind you , but cannot catch you unless you hit an obstacle . pressing " f " can make you move faster than the monster . also , here 's a video that shows it and xkcd :
i am currently enjoying playing the 2008 prince of persia game on the xbox 360 ( but its also available on ps3 and pc ) . it is relatively easy so far and quite a few reviews for the game suggest this too
you were lucky , but not that lucky ( 2/3 chance of success ) . mutation resistance 1 ( and mutation resistance 2 ) grant you a 33% chance of resisting mutations . mutation resistance 3 grants you a 100% chance of resisting mutations . below is the relevant source code :
55 mph is the speed limit for trucks in most european countries . what you are doing wrong is speeding . you can see the full list for speed limits in the wikipedia article for speed limit . here are some examples : germany : 80-100 kph ( 49-62 mph ) italy : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) poland : 70-80 kph ( 43-49 mph ) austria : lorries with heavy trailer - 80 kph ( 49 mph ) spain : 70-90 kph ( 43-55.9 mph )
this is specifically prohibited by the ikariam tos and you can get your account banned from using such applications . from section 5 , specific terms for the use of online games , subsections 5.3 and 5.4: 5.3 . the user is also prohibited from running the online game ( including all individual web pages ) with other programs besides the internet browser or the client program that has been provided . this refers in particular to so-called bots and other tools meant to replace or supplement the web interface . also prohibited are scripts and completely or partially automated programs that provide the user with an advantage over other users . this includes auto-refresh-functions and other integrated mechanisms of the internet browser , if it includes automated operations . 5.4 . the user may under no circumstances a ) create or use cheats , mods and/or hacks , and any other third party software products that may change the result of the online games , b ) use software , that allows " data mining " or otherwise intercepts or collects information in connection with the online games , c ) use outside of online games , buy for " real " money or sell or swap virtual objects that are used in online games . this includes all evasions , similar actions or actions that match in their effect the aforementioned bans . there are not any solutions we could provide that would not violate the tos .
a similar question on the official xbox forums . do you use the adapter shown at the very bottom ? if so that might be what causes the issue . http://forums.xbox.com/xbox_forums/xbox_support/f/7/p/191396/996508.aspx#996508 see in this second post where jaxson 66 mentions that if you are using the optical out for headphones , then swapping back to hdmi will cause the reset . http://forums.xbox.com/xbox_forums/xbox_support/f/7/p/191396/996508.aspx#996508 so in summary , you can " fix " the problem by disconnecting your headphones if switching between inputs when one of those inputs in hdmi . this does not really fix your problem , but at least you can work around the issue until they push an xbox fix or you can get a firmware update on your display .
it is called a breaching charge . i believe in the cod series they tend to use " frame charges " for breaching . it is used specifically for explosive door breaching . a breaching charge is a type of shaped charge , which focuses the force of a blast in a specific direction in order to accomplish a specific purpose .
these symbols are called shadowmarks . glossary of shadowmarks ( all of the below comes from the in-game book , " shadowmarks" ) " the guild " this is the symbol for the guild . this means the place is as safe as the flagon 's cistern . if you see this shadowmark , someone from the guild is nearby for certain . " safe " we usually leave this shadowmark when we have scouted and found a safe way around something , a hallway without traps or maybe a house that is already cleared out . if you see one of these , head the way it is pointing and you will be fine . " danger " if you see this shadowmark , head the other way or take your life in your own hands . it means there is something ahead or beyond that door that wants to turn you inside-out . " escape route " now , on the rare occasion ( it better be a rare occasion if you want to work in the guild ) that you find yourself in jail , look for this little beauty . you see this shadowmark and escape is just a few steps away . " protected " we put these shadowmarks on places we do not want you to go . as in stay out of there or there is going to be a boot up the backside . these people are under the guild 's protection and should never be robbed or assaulted . " fence " this should quickly become your favorite shadowmark . the person near this mark will buy your . . . hard-earned stolen goods for a fair price . " thieves ' cache " who says we only take and never give back ? if you find this shadowmark near a chest or maybe a hollowed log , you are in for a surprise . . . a gift from the guild for the thief in the field . whoever said membership did not have its privileges ? " loot " there is something near this shadowmark worth stealing . saves you from breaking into a place only to find the people do not even have two septim to rub together . " empty " the opposite of the loot shadowmark . pass on this place , there is nothing inside .
yes , it is . go to your skyrim folder . inside this folder there should be a folder called " data " . inside this folder should be a folder called " video " . delete the video called : bgs_logo . bik it should be the only video inside the folder . i have also tested and verified this works ( and does not break the game ) . it just puts you on the start menu where you can load or start a new game . possible locations , replace the path where applicable , check the ( x86 ) folder on 64-bit systems . %programfiles%\steam\steamapps\common\skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik %programfiles%\the elder scrolls v skyrim\data\video\bgs_logo . bik
anyone not currently using teleport is either not playing inferno ( the only difficulty mode that matters ) , or is using 2-3 other--less effective--defensive skills in its place , and thus wasting time and/or dps . teleport is a wizard 's only escape spell , and it can be used both offensively and defensively depending on your survivability requirements in your best gear ; in inferno , where nearly every champ pack or elite has one or more of fast/teleporting/vortex/jailer mods and so much cc reduction that snares are almost completely ineffective , the way you actually stay alive in practice is like this : dps while kiting , take first hit through force armor ( after stacking a lot of damage reduction on gear , of course ) to proc illusionist and reset your cooldown on teleport , teleport to escape/interrupt/dps as needed , then dps and kite while regenerating health - repeat until your mob is dead . of course , using teleport requires the illusionist passive skill to make any good use of it - but the only other inferno-worthy passives we have at this point are glass cannon/cold blooded/conflagration in terms of offense ( glass cannon being the only one worth taking in all but a handful of only marginally-effective builds ) , and galvanizing ward and blur for defense . ( general rule in choosing passives is this , for those unfamiliar : galvanizing ward until you reach at least 1200 life regen per second without it ; blur until you have enough dr to take advantage of force armor or unless melee damage is not an issue ; illusionist always - because you are always using teleport ; then phase in offensives as you increase your survivability , starting with glass cannon ) . many people recommend teleport with fracture , but i have found that the decoys are extremely unreliable a majority of the time ; to make effective use of them , you really need to use teleport before you have caused any damage to a mob , or else the mob will ignore your decoys completely - but this would mean you are playing inefficiently and overly defensively to begin with , and ultimately hurts your survivability by unnecessarily prolonging fights . i find this rune is only effective when fighting extremely large groups of many , many mobs - in which case , a small portion of them may be distracted by the decoys , which accounts for a moderate amount of overall damage reduction . still , that is almost always an avoidable situation , and manageable in other , better ways . in such a situation , wormhole would be a better option - because it would allow you to escape to a safe area/choke point and take control of the battle from there . in my experience , if you need a strong defensive option , wormhole is just far superior overall ; it lets you completely escape a fight with all but those few extra fast mobs that are already extremely fast by default , ( mostly in act 2 ) , which allows you to re-engage on your own terms - a far more valuable tactical solution than simply avoiding a single attack . if you are very fragile and simply can not take any hits yet , this is your best bet against most mobs and packs . the calamity rune is ideal if you have enough damage reduction to easily survive 3-4 hits through force armor , and enough life regeneration to recoup the loss from one hit in no less than a few seconds ( > 20k health , ~90% dr minimum without dodge , and ~1500 life regen per second ) . the wave of force cast upon landing actually knocks mobs back quite a reasonable distance , does decent damage , interrupts any casting/attack animation on non-bosses ( though you need to be conscious of your latency when using it in this way or they can still hit you if your timing is not perfect ! ) , and can be used both to escape a mob 's area as well as to simply push it away from your area - a huge improvement over other teleport runes in general , and even more so when used in the currently top-performing venom hydra/blizzard build variant , as it requires very precise positioning overall and kiting in the same area to take advantage of venom pools . i used this to great effect beginning in act 2 inferno , when i found i needed something that would allow me to repeatedly escape mobs that could close any distance nearly instantly and which could not be kited effectively with blizzard ( leapers , etc ) , without completely stopping my damage output . if you are forced to use calamity in a primarily defensive capacity for an extended period of time ( i.e. . you do not have enough time to cast 2-3 other dps spells between teleports ) , mirror image with mimics are an excellent addition ; with the small damage component they add while you are running for your life , plus the damage from calamity , kiting battles will go much , much , much faster - helping you avoid enrage timers , as well as keeping you out of harm 's way . if you consider the half-second to one second that mobs spend " confused " after being knocked back every time you use teleport with calamity , your overall reduction of incoming damage is going to be far higher than with any other rune - and you are doing damage at the same time . it is basically a wizard 's form of counter-attacking , and it is very effective when you learn to use it expertly .
it increases the value of that item by placing a cool label on it , other than that , there is no special attribute . image grabbed from the tf wiki
taken from the changelog for 1.7.2 on the minecraft wiki fishing changes to fishing mechanics items other than fish can be obtained by fishing . fish : 4 items total , including raw fish , raw salmon , clownfish , and pufferfish . treasure : 7 items total , including enchanted fishing rods , enchanted bow , enchanted books , name tags , tripwire hook , lilypads , and saddles . junk : 11 items total , including damaged fishing rods , water bottles , rotten flesh , string , leather , bowls , sticks , boots or damaged boots . new enchantments for fishing rods that can change your luck when fishing . lure - reduces wait time to catch an item . luck of the sea - increases chance of getting treasure and decreases chance of getting junk .
i feel like there are usually a bunch of magic items there as well . a good option if you want to search for cheap equipment is to enter maximum buyout price when searching . at lower prices , the proportion of blue items tends to be higher .
the recently released patch should alleviate the issue , if not , try using msconfig to disable sound drivers you are not using on startup ( startup tab ) . if that does not work , go to device manager and disable sound devices you are not using .
you can not . mostly . the story-dungeon has waypoints every few levels which you can port directly to from town , but other than that , you are stuck .
the primary stat is the stat that modifies damage by 1% per point - intelligence is the primary stat for witch doctors and wizards dexterity is the primary stat for monks and demon hunters strength is the primary stat for barbarians .
the 1st door can be cleared right after starting part 2 of the game when you are in your low 20s . it seems the key is to have a strong weapon from that part of the game . the 2nd door will kill you in 1 or 2 hits in the first chamber at that level . it can be cleared easily in the mid-20s . the 3rd door can be cleared in the late 20s with a suitably upgraded weapon . just be careful of the 3rd boss on the bridge , it can kill in 1 hit !
the main reason shen takes so little damage in trades is because his w skill , feint , is a shield . essentially this adds to his hp every time it comes off cooldown . in order to help damage him , you can make sure to hit him as soon as his shield disappears and is on cooldown . it is a bit tricky , but manageable . damage dealt when his shield is on is reduced by the strength of his shield . another reason you might be dealing less damage than you expect is because of the damage reduction effect of his e skill , shadow dash . taunted champions deal 50% reduced damage . also , shen gains very high hp regen after hitting a unit he has marked with vorpal blade . this lets him regain health lost to harassment much quicker than most other champions . the final reason you might not be dealing as much damage as you want to is shen 's defensive items . if shen is stacking armor , then he is also going to take less physical damage . the solution to this is building armor penetration , such as last whisper or brutalizer , or simply taking more armor penetration from runes .
try zog 's glitchy tools , a collection of data gleaned from the glitch api . specifically , the locations page shows details of vendors , trees , resources , etc and clicking on a specific one will tell you the closest location and how to get there from your current location .
from the playstation blog : yes , some games do have this option . what you are looking for is pass-and-play multiplayer . q : how many playstation move motion controllers do i need ? a : most playstation move games only require one motion controller . however , some games may support two controllers for single-player gameplay ( such as the fight : lights out and certain events in sports champions ) or for multiplayer mode . q : how many players can use playstation move at the same time ? a : the actual number of players supported depends on the game you are playing . many playstation move titles support anywhere from 1 to 4 players with many options for gameplay , including single player , pass-and-play multiplayer , competitive , or co-op modes . the ps3 system supports up to seven devices , of which up to four of those devices can be playstation move motion controllers . sports champions does support pass-and-play . sports champions supports 1-4 players through intuitive , pass-and-play gameplay or head-to-head challenges . high velocity bowling does not specifically mention it , but reviews i have read suggest that it supports pass-and-play . brunswick pro bowling does not mention it either , and i can not tell from reviews whether or not pass-and-play is supported . if there is a specific bowling game you are asking about that is not listed , add that to your question and we will see if we can find out whether or not pass-and-play is supported for that game .
here 's a quote from the developers : q : i changed the in-game resolution , how can i restore the original settings ? a : the game will auto-detect your monitor 's proper resolution on start-up . if you change your resolution and the proper one is not available in the options menu , you can have it auto-detect again by deleting your profile here ( exact location may vary ) : "\program files\steam\userdata\33142021\107100\local " source
it tells what your supply count is at when the command to create the item is at . for example : 13 gate this means , if you have used 13 supply ( which means 13 probes ) , build your gate ( way ) then . elsewhere in the linked answer there are messages like : 2 gate rush which means , rush with units after you have two gate ( way ) s
there currently is no way to do this . which is very annoying when it resets to the default size ( not zoom ) when pretty much anything happens , including a team mate entering or exiting the vehicle you are in .
according to a couple of my personal tests , inserting a delay between the lmb and rmb presses , and casting the spell as if without the dual casting perk - twice , results in the fastest leveling . twice as fast , more or less . also , it appears that the higher level the spell , the faster is the leveling process .
what does each enchantment do and how much effect does it have ? attack -> your weapon has more damage countdown -> countdowns are a little bit faster life -> your hp increases each time you attack do you lose the enchantments when you acquire a new weapon ( and have to start over ) ? when you acquire your new weapon , your enchantment will not be lost can you put multiple enchantments on the same weapon ? yes each level of attack gives +7 damage each level of life gives +2 hp each time you attack enemy countdown has one level only ( why not try it ? )
this station is exactly like a passenger station that both generates and accepts passengers : the wood that is being generated there needs to be taken to another station that accepts wood . the station will accept wood from other sources , but never from itself . none of the cargo is " absorbed " by the local sawmill - you will need to transport all of it away , and if you want that local sawmill to generate goods you will need to transport wood in from another source .
you did not mention what race you play or he plays when you select jotunheim , but i am going to guess norse based on the theme of the board . this is a choke point board and controlling the pass certainly affects the outcome , however , you also need to play the strengths of your race . for the norse , their strengths are quick , powerful rushes early in the game . if you are spending time building up reserves or defences you are not playing into their strength . if you can develop a quick offence , you can prevent the walls from going up and start removing his economic base , crippling him . maximizing your returns involves using your god powers effectively as well , because you mention your opponent making a defensive stand , a rush seems the best response . hersir rush using loki loki specialises in his heroes , the hersirs . a typical loki strategy is called the hersir rush . you use a fair number of hersirs and the myth units they summon to overwhelm your opponent 's early defences . once the hersirs start spawning myth units it often turns the tide . to make this strategy work you must aggressively collect food . if your main food sources are berry bushes , then immediately start harvesting them . train and add at least 4 more gatherers to the mix . once this is going you can explore the immediate vicinity of your base , looking for additional food sources . if your main initial food source was hunted animals you should invest in the hunting dogs ability and start gathering from the wild life in the area . try to avoid harvesting your cows or sheep until they have fattened . as you are able , add the 4 gatherers to the hunting party . once your food production is moving along nicely , build a house near your base and also add an ox cart and 2 gatherers to harvest wood from a nearby grove ( do not chase down single trees yet ) . as you are able add an ox cart and 2 more gatherers to harvest gold from the closest gold mine . at this point your berry bushes should be nearly or totally depleted and you should move on to animal food sources if you have not already . adding 2 more food gatherers at this point will help keep things moving . this is a good time to get your ulfsark to build a temple . you can keep it close to your base if you are being at all pressured , or you can set it towards the pass if your opponent is playing defensively . now add in 2 more gatherers on wood and 2-3 dwarves on gold . when you are able , upgrade to the next age . from this point on you are looking to generate your hersir army . they are vulnerable to infantry but the myth units they spawn are not , so you want to have enough hersirs to withstand an initial counter attack . if he has already built the wall you might want some raiders or other units to back you up , but if he has not built the wall then you should be able to do a lot of damage to him quickly .
i am fairly late on this question but in case someone wanders . so this is the path to the saskia and zoltan , what you have to do is just go back the same way . door behind them is used for vergen besieged and acquired key is for the door marked with 7 , really not shure why there is a door protecting few monsters . other marks : 1 pontar valley 2 bullvore 3 zoltan and saskia – connected with hatred symbolized . 4 adam pangratt and the mercenaries – connected with vergen besieged . 5 dethmold and adam pangratt – connected with vergen besieged . 6 vergen exit – accessible only during vergen besieged . ! nekkers , rotfiends
it expands the map to introduce more muslim states in north africa , although i am unsure if you need the dlc for that . paradox also vaguely promises "20 new features " , but those might just be relevant to muslim factions . the biggest " change " that is relevant for a non-muslim player , is likely that the ai muslim leaders need to adhere to decadence . due to this , their vast empires seem to crumble on a semi-regular basis . if you do not plan on playing as a muslim , then i do not think you are missing out on much ( but please correct me if i am wrong ) . however , the dlc is often on sale for next to nothing either by itself , or in a bundle .
cull the weak will work with torturous ground . tho i am not sure why or how it works with other immobilize effects : all immobilize effects could count as 100% slow . it could be that torturous ground adds immobilize along with slow . or blizzard just made those 2 skills compatible . more discussions here and there
a quick youtube search pulled up the following video , which helps demonstrate what i am about to tell you you need to do . basically , you should not try to reach the wall under bandage girl , as your position on the wall there prevents you from getting enough vertical boost from the repulsor to safely clear the buzz saw . if you jump from the ( safe ) flat ground before the final repulsor , you can easily clear the buzzsaw , as the video shows . edit : okay , now that you have posted a picture , i have misattributed the source wall of your frustrations . in that case , the answer is much simpler -- you are not supposed to end up on that wall . you need to get over the buzzsaw and inside the 2nd building from the repulsor .
this is a known glitch feature behaviour . it may or may not be by design . thisismyfirstpost can only come up with this exchange as evidence : jakpo8: @jeb_ can a piston push another piston ? # jeb_: @jakpo8 only when the other piston is contracted #
the blacksmith costs more gold to level than the jeweler . much more . at all likelyhood , you will be easily able to keep the jeweler at a similar level to your character ( that is , making gems of the appropriate level ) while the blacksmith will start to lag behind . at any rate , the bottleneck and primary gold sink is definitely the blacksmith , so leveling up the two at the same time is definitely viable , simply because the total cost of the jewler is essentially an afterthought .
for some reason , it always starts up as if the down arrow is pressed . pressing the down button a few times when the menu is up keeps it from cycling . not a permanent fix , but at least it makes things usable .
the silencer ' officially ' does not reduce recoil , although on certain weapons it does . the acr 6.8 with a silencer behaves completely differently than an acr with no attachment , and in my opinion the acr should always be run with a silencer . the acog does not increase kick , but when you are looking through it , it appears to because your field of view is smaller so a small rise appears larger . it is best to use burst or semi-auto weapons with the acog , or manually burst-fire the weapon .
so map control is a very ephemeral concept , but at its core is the idea that you can control space ( area ) on the map and prevent things like : expansions , harassment , scouting . since map control is largely concerned with covering area , having map control usually means having units which are very fast and thus can respond quickly . additionally , it often times means having good vision on most of the map . its important to note , that vision helps you maintain map control , but in and of itself it does not give you control . control is the ability to respond quickly . consider the following scenario : you are a terran player who went mmm . you have a large force and its sitting in the center of the map . how quickly can you respond to reaper harass ? if you see nydus tunnels on opposite sides of the map , what can you do about it ? what can you do about overseers contaminating your buildings ? what is you are response to a void prism ? or void ray in the back of your base ? now compare that player to a terran player who went 1:1:1 and has a lot of vikings . all of a sudden he can be everywhere very quickly . reaper harass ? vikings land in the front and back and you have got him . overseer scouts ? shut down . you control the map and what happens on it . map control is very powerful not only because you can scout but also because you can expand . if i am starting up a new expansion away from my main , i have the choice of putting my army there , or in my main , or splitting it up . the first two options lead to suffering from harassment , the last one suffers from having poor response to a big push . however , if you have units which can quickly move around the map and shut down harassment , all of a sudden you are free to expand and out macro your opponent . this is very much a dominate strategy in broodwars . some units which help with map control are : vikings hellions banshee mutalisks speedlings phoenix warpgate + pylon but this is by no means an exhaustive list . a number of people have said that vision connotes map control , or helps a slow force respond quickly . while vision is nice , it is ultimately a scouting technique . if you have sufficient scouting it is still possible for an opponent to launch successful harassment if you do not have the units to respond . since map control is based around the ability to respond , having vision is largely beneficial , it reducing your response time . additionally , being able to scout your opponents base also reduces response time . neither of these things , in and of themselves , gives you control . the only determining factor is : can you respond ? in answer to this question i largely focused on what units gave map control instead of how to scout as scouting is largely a different question . this is not to understate its importance though .
changing affinity as suggested by cjm made things just worse as long as less then four cpus where selected . but it did not improve anything at all . i did not bother with the disk performance tools , would not believe i am in trouble with the ssd as i know ( and have measured in the past ) my throughput is around 200mb reading . i have no such hogging background processes , i do not run antivirus ( exactly because of this ) . checked with msconfig.exe , all automatically started services looked normal and tools started on system startup looked good as well . finally i tried to play around with compatibility setting when i found a CoJ_DX10.exe in the game directory . it never occurred to me this file exists as typing Juarez in the w7 start menu only provides my on links which starts up CoJ.exe it seems . after starting CoJ_DX10.exe and configuring my settings ( everything maxed out at 1600x1200 ) and played again from the start -> there was no stutter at all anymore . besides , it looks better still at 85 fps . . . so simple i can not believe it .
chubbies have a small chance of spawning from pre-set locations i believe . so if you revisit the areas that might have them repeatedly you might see one . they are extremely rare though . two known spawn locations are : right outside hero 's pass , in the eridian blight . there is a chubby rakk . i have seen this one myself . i have also been in this area about 100 times looking for donkey mong and never saw a second one ( or donkey mong ) so the rate seems to be very very low . right inside the caustic caverns there is a chubby varkid spawn location . i have gone through this area maybe 2-3 dozen times ? and never seen it . i would not bother actively seeking these guys . as with most " rare " things in borderlands 2 , they are far too rare to make actively hunting them any fun . for the record i am at over 150 hours game time and i have seen one . allegedly the caustic caverns one is easy to make appear but i have never tried seeking it out . interestingly there is a lot of chubby rakk that spawn in an area in the tourge dlc in a specific area ( the only rakk in the whole dlc , a mission takes you to the area ) . these chubby rakk seem to be a 100% spawn but do not drop the special look ( or if they do it is an extremely low rate ) . i killed about 10 of them with no drops beyond ammo/cash .
it is not a consumable item , although you use it like one . that is to say you need to have it equipped in one of your item slots , and use it with the item-use button . so you could think of it was a consumable item with unlimited uses .
nothing , you are doomed . sorry to say it , but sometimes that is just the way it is .
every so often , they will send you an email discussing how much ip you have earned from your cases . there is no actual record in-game that keeps track of where your ip is coming from .
it is a bug . normally it is sent by a follower , spouse , or other npc you have befriended . according to the wiki , it should contain this : &lt ; character 's name> , in the name of &lt ; jarl 's name> , it is with great regret that we inform you of &lt ; npc 's name> death . the deceased has bequeathed unto you a measure of inheritance in the amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces . the jarl 's court has levied an amount of &lt ; number> gold pieces from the sum , as the lawfully and honorably due tax . the remainder has been commended unto the care of a trusted courier for deliverance . while all of the jarl 's court grieves with you on this day , we rejoice in the knowledge that the deceased was in possession of dear friends and wealth to communicate unto them . may this lawfully bestowed inheritance prove as a reminder of your enduring faith in one another , and of the jarl 's beneficence accorded unto you both .
what you are looking at is most likely the particle effect for the active of the shard of true ice . this is the only image i could find on the internet , but i believe the particle effect gets more detailed . the active effect for the shard of true ice slows all enemies near your ( allied ) target by 30% . this effect lasts for 4 seconds . common targets include tanks/initiators ( to keep enemy teams from disengaging ) and carries ( to keep them alive if your team disengaging ) . the shard of true ice builds out of a kage 's lucky pick , mana manipulator , and 535 gold .
they will sometimes move automatically but for the most part you have to shoot them . do not feel bad , they are just b.o.b. s
yes , legacy names are unique per server and all your alt toons will have the same legacy name on that server . if i picked " stackexchange " as a legacy name on one server , no one else can pick that name on that server . but if they moved to another server where it was not taken , then it is up for grabs . better to identify people 's alts with . do not believe me ? take a look here and here .
entire answer is in spoiler tag since there is no way to avoid it . no if you stand there for 20 minutes ( actually more like one minute ) he will just suggest a tour of the facility . it also does not matter how long you play the 8 game . nor whether or not you wait in the waiting room . there are some dialogue differences , but only one ending .
in the mission " sudden impact " , when you walk across a bridge a ceph drop ship comes and makes the bridge collapse . when you fell down , there is a parking garage down the street on the left . in there you can find the pistol silencer . if you have collected it , the pistol silencer is available for the m12 nova , hammer and feline . unfortunately , there is a bug which can relock the gadget and it becomes unavailable again .
there is a fairly simple step-by-step guide on blizzard 's site : you will need to log into the auction house through diablo 3 by signing into diablo 3 and clicking auction house from the left-hand side of the character selection screen . in the top-right corner of the auction house , you can access the real-money auction house . to buy , in the buy tab , find something you want to buy using the search in the auction house , click on it and place a bid . to sell , in the sell tab , select the item in your inventory and set bidding criteria . use the auctions tab to view the status of your auctions . view the auction house faq for more .
note : i do not have personal experience with any of these devices or shops . essentially , you need to modify the 3ds to intercept the video data and send it through an external output . what you need is specifically a 3ds capture board like this one . the site above only allows you to send in your system to have the modification performed , and it has to be the original 3ds , not the 3dsxl or 2ds . you can also buy pre-modded units from http://www.3dsvideocapture.com/ . to the best of my knowledge there are no diy kits available anywhere ; you have to send your device to the seller for installation , and this is , of course , only going to make it even more expensive . unless you are expecting to make heavy use of this functionality , it is unlikely to be worth the cost . if you happen to be a licensed 3ds developer , you can also obtain a development unit with capture functionality - however , these are not only significantly more expensive , but they are also not able to run retail cartridges , so it is only useful if you want to record a game you have developed yourself .
the epic arc standings change percentages are listed on the official wiki here . the formula for standings change is also available on the same site , here . the standings gains would be calculated for the faction which offers the arc , and losses also depend completely on what is killed during missions and your current standings , due to the percentage based method of changing the standings . the arcs can be completed every three months , if i remember reading that correctly on the official forums .
it does look this way , yes . i tried gold cutter vs ice melter on the first boss and ice melter seems to take it down faster ( not 100% definite , as that is a tricky weapon to guarantee is entirely on target )
the amount of favor you obtain when donating is equivalent to its value listed on the item 's info page divided by ten . the value seems to be rounded to the nearest whole number ( . 1- . 4 will be rounded down , . 5- . 9 rounded up ) . this applies to all items you throw into shrine - all giants treat all items equally . the only exception to this rule , as far as i know , is elements - even though they have no listed value , when donated they give a small amount of favor . one thousand red element for instance seem to yield 20 favor . using shrine powder will increase the value of your next donation . fairly hallowed shrine powder will double the value , while extremely hallowed shrine powder will triple the value . to farm favor efficiently , you should gather up a large number of one type of item and donate them all under the influence of extremely hallowed shrine powder .
after taking a quick peek at the code , this is just the intended behaviour of a cookie potion and has no direct bearing at all . but wait , there is more ! this code got me curious , because it is a base64-encoded string of various values - similar to the save format - and similar to the ( obviously-related ) cookie clicker save format . first step - cleaning up at the end ( %3D becomes = , and %21END%21 is discarded - it would just be turned into !END! , to mark the end ( duh ! ) of the code ) : 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 the above code is compatible with the current version of cookie clicker and results in the following game state : but wait , there is more ! if we decode it from base64 , we get this code : 1.0393||1378830632876 ; nan ; 1383239138575|001100|1929852769.060055 ; 706421271749.1023 ; 8297 ; 19 ; 13825599421.881443 ; 80 ; -1 ; -1 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 67 ; 47969 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0|128,129,7684536217,0 ; 105,106,2376679320,0 ; 101,101,54173598,0 ; 101,101,239011981,1 ; 82,82,613410826,0 ; 58,58,1414881926,0 ; 50,50,2831132572,0 ; 50,50,40566625273,0 ; 27,27,66454955460,0 ; 16,16,227782320454,0 ; |4503599627370495 ; 4503100337422335 ; 2251834173401703 ; 3940649673959935 ; 2251799945805963 ; 137438953473|4503047791083519 ; 2392816740112091 ; 1025 importing this save in cookie clicker classic , results in an even fancier save state , as follows :
no , this always happens regardless . there is nothing you can do to avoid that outcome .
i slapped on my boots of the bay and nuked some bloodsail pirates . by using mana shield ( expires after 1 minute ) as a timer , i observed the following : looted immediately , despawned after 3rd cast ( 2 minutes ) looted after 1 minute , despawned after 4rd cast ( 3 minutes , which is 2 minutes after looting ) uninspected , despawned after 6th cast ( 5 minutes ) inspected , despawned after 5.2 minutes ( 5 minutes after inspection ) inspecting each minute , lasted 10 casts ( did not wait for despawn ) - mob did respawn at 8.4 minutes . killed the second mob , looted and the new corpse despawned after 2 minutes while original corpse still there . killed and looted a jaguero stalker ( skinnable ) . the corpse despawned 5 minutes after looting . so , it seems that 2 minutes is the despawn time for looted corpses ( unless salvagable , then it is 5 minutes ) . if there is loot it will despawn after 5 minutes . inspecting the loot resets the timer . it makes me wonder if that corpse remained there because the neighboring corpses were looted and despawned after 2 minutes . this corpse stuck around for 3 more minutes with its loot , or you inadvertently inspected without looting causing it to remain for an additional 5 minutes . i also scoured the patch notes , and the only one mentioning corpse despawning was for 2.4.2 looting a boss while a player is outside of the instance will no longer cause the corpse to despawn in 2 minutes if the player still has loot on the corpse .
after more experience with the game , these does indeed seem to be a pattern . blunt attacks are blockable by guts . punches , kicks , stomps , smacks , rams , headbutts , ground pounds , and so on can be blocked with guts . the main exception is when the enemy is in an " enraged " state ; there are one or two other minor exceptions . some blunt attacks require a guts of sufficient size to block . one attack that operates by this rule is when the boss of 002-c tries to squish you with its fist . if your guts is of size 1 or 2 ( composed of 10-19 or 20-49 morphers ) , the punch will be held at bay , but once the shield goes down it'll hit you anyway . on the other hand , the attack can be successfully blocked and halted by a guts of size 3 or higher ( 50 or more morhpers ) . nothing else is blockable by guts . holding out unite hand will make you immune to fire , unite sword makes you immune to lasers and electricity , and unify naginata will reflect projectile drills , but spikes , drills , blades , claws , and explosions can not be blocked by anything . they have to be avoided or dodged with spring instead . note however that swords small enough to be wielded by one person can be blocked .
yes , you can definitely grab gold bags during cutscenes . in fact , some will only be visible in cutscenes . also remember that you can find keys and potions lying around too .
starting in march , 2012 , the original everquest will be going " free to play " and the subscription fee will be optional . however , at this point they are ending support for the macintosh version of the game . the free to play version has fewer features than the version with a monthly fee . you can read more about the differences in the free to play faq . up until this annoucement , it cost about $15 per month to play the original everquest .
assuming you did not let energy armor decay , it is likely due to the force armor hotfix - amount of damage absorbed from a single attack will now cap at 100% of a player’s maximum life . though this is poorly worded , this basically means that while force armor will trigger on any hit larger than 35% of your health pool , it will not absorb more than 100% of your life in damage - for example , with your 23,000 life , if you were to take a hit for 60,000 damage , force armor will attempt to reduce it to 35% of your total life - 8,050 damage . however , since it is not able to absorb more than 100% of your life , it can not reduce it below 37,000 total damage , thus killing you in one shot .
i personally just loaded up a character to the appropriate quest , and went and talked to him . the world available at the start of the quest : the broken blade ( act i ) the stranger available at the start of the quest : the imprisoned angel ( act i ) the following website has a list of all the conversations and where you start them : http://soe.hubpages.com/hub/covetous-shen-lore-and-character-dialogue-guide-diablo-3
i believe they actually have to be loaded in memory , going by this page from the minecraft wiki : trees will only grow if they are planted on a chunk of the map that is loaded into memory . if you plant saplings and then explore another more distant area of your world for a few minecraft days , they will still be saplings when you return .
currently single-player commands is not available for minecraft 1.8 edit : spc for 1.8 is now out ! however , once it does become available , this is how you install it : download the . zip file extract it to some directory . go to the directory you just created . go to the run box ( winkey + r ) type in : %appdata%/.minecraft/bin look for a file called minecraft.jar rename that file to minecraft.jar.zip unzip it drag all files ending with .CLASS into the minecraft.jar folder ( all the files except worldedit . jar ) go back to the folder that has the minecraft.jar in it drag the WorldEdit.jar file into this directory . go back into the minecraft.jar folder delete the META-INF folder . you are done ! however , minecraft may not launch . if this happens , launch minecraft from the run box like this : java -Xms512m -Xmx1024m -cp "%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\*" -Djava.library.path="%APPDATA%\.minecraft\bin\\natives" net.minecraft.client.Minecraft  or , you could use the automated installer
according to the wiki : sheep can spawn on grass blocks with a 2x2x1 ( minimum ) space above them . as a passive mob , they also require light to spawn . wolves can spawn in grass , in forest and taiga biomes . it does not seem like there is anything to stop wolves and sheep spawning in the same area . however , the wiki also says : mobs will frequently spawn in groups with mobs of the same variety . randomness for animal spawning is derived from the world seed , which means that worlds with the same seed will generate chunks with the same animals in the same places . very rarely , new animals can spawn in already generated chunks , just like monsters do so it seems unlikely that killing the wolves will have any effect on whether you get sheep . if you want to get wool you will probably have to go exploring , but if you are lucky you might get sheep spawning in an area you have already explored .
your beans have not depreciated in value ; that particular merchant is simply not interested in purchasing them from you . they will show as grayed out in the trade window . if you wait for other merchants to arrive who want beans , you can trade with them .
kills you get using killstreak rewards gained on a previous life after you respawn do not count towards new killstreaks . so to answer your main question : no . also see here : stackexchange-url
i am playing the english version of the game . to unlock most of the animals you have to complete challenges . these challenges appear at the bottom of the challenge list while playing survival mode . most of the animals unlock 1 animal via the aforementioned challenge . some unlock 2 , and a few ( 4 i think ) of the animals unlocked this way do not unlock any further animals ( the chimp and the second dinosaur do not unlock any ( that is as far as i have gotten on those unlock trees ) ) . the robot dogs seem to be unlocked via getting the true ending of the story .
you have to complete the story mission where angels fear to tread . spoiler : after you talk to roland and start part 2 of this mission , a cutscene will play and lilith will teleport you to marcus ' store room in sanctuary .
for starters , you should look the map for a commander if any is present . if so , he should be giving the orders ( if he is a good commander and not just someone who wants to show his shining blue icon ) . if no commander is present , people usually gather in " buses of player " , in order to raid places with a massive force . it is usually a good group to learn wvw as well as doing things with lot of successes . eventually , you will want to do something on your own . if so , be sure to bring some friends along in your party . there are some thing a small group ( or even a single person ) can do : raiding supply camps ( be sure to avoid camps that has been taken within the last 5 minutes , as the supervisor will have a strong buff ) raiding towers with a ram ( requires at least 4 person to be able to built it if untouched by the enemy ) scouting : intelligence is a need for every strategist . being able to provide insight on the enemy progress will help the leaders to choose the right course of action . raiding keeps : there are times when a prolonged battle takes place between two ( or even three ) large forces on a map . and during these phases , a well organised group may be able to quietly gain control of a keep . of course , you will need rams and thus enough supply . but i recall one time where i took shadaran hills with only 4 players of my guild . of course , do not expect to succeed this unless you get some luck ( we also were prepared to be wiped out before reaching the second door , but seems they were so occupied by the main battles that they did not take attention to us :p ) do not feel oppressed by the player giving orders on the /map , you can contribute to it yourself . do not hesitate to ask questions too , many players will be kind enough to help you .
as this wiki page suggests ( game mechanism tuning , did not tested myself ) , there is a xp chart for your soldiers : though kills does not make all . it does bring experience , as stated in does the type of kill matter for promotion ? , but all your promoted soldiers did not necessarily killed a target . it can be assumed that participating to a kill also grants some experience . furthermore , i think there is a mission bonus awarded to each surviving soldier . there are also bonus that can be bought through the soldier academy : wet work that increase the amount of experience gained and the new soldier auto-squaddie promotion come to my mind .
i have triggered floor plates with projectile spells ( such as frost bolt and fear ) as well as arrow shots . i have also dropped linen and bowls on them .
just zerg movement . zerg ( ground ) units move about 30% faster on creep ( notable exceptions being : queen , hydralisk and drones ) . additionally zerg can build on creep and non-zerg structures cannot be built on creep . you can actually use an overlord to spread creep at a number of expansions to slow down your opponent 's expansion rate . zerg structures off creep will slowly lose life and eventually die . the following units/buildings can produce creep : hatchery creep tumor ( built from the queen and other creep tumors ) overlord ( overseers cannot , additionally this is temporary ) nydus worm ( the worm , not the network ) creep will evaporate if left without a production source near by . its important to note that creep evaporates from the edge inward . as a result , if you remove creep production in an area that is not covered by , but is surrounded by , creep production , the creep will not evaporate . since people asked the following units are affected by creep in different ways : queen : 170% hydralisk : 50% drone : 0%
the extra ability is controlled by the command demon spell . normally , if you do not have a demon summoned , command demon is disabled . when you have a demon summoned , command demon becomes activatable and is replaced with a specific ability that relates to that demon : felguard : felstorm felhunter : spell lock imp : cauterize master succubus : whiplash voidwalker : disarm when you activate grimoire of sacrifice , your demon goes away , but instead of command demon going back to being disabled , it gets replaced with a different ability , depending on which demon you sacrificed : felguard : pursuit felhunter : spell lock imp : singe magic succubus : seduction voidwalker : shadow bulwark
a useful tool that i have run into out there is something called minecraft region fixer that may be able to help you solve your issue . minecraft region fixer is a command line-based tool that scans the files of a minecraft world save and checks the file structures to see if there are corrupted chunks , or if there are other issues with the world save as well . in my past experience using this tool , i did notice it was scanning the level . dat files for corruption , and it seemed to have the ability to repair the corrupted file . if you are not familiar with using a command line , it will be pretty easy if you read the author 's documentation on his post . he does a good job of being clear and thorough , and hopefully you will be able to use it to solve your problem !
once you have built a basic town portal , all of your heroes gain a town portal basic spell in their spellbook . when a hero is standing in a town with a basic town portal , they can cast town portal basic to teleport to any other towns you own . according to the mouseover , the spell requires 15 movement points in addition to the 10 mana .
no , there is no true 3d support built into diablo 3 , as "3d stereo displays are not officially supported " . it very well may be patched in after the initial glitches are ironed out . some users are playing with stereoscopic 3d using nvidia 's glasses as described here and one person references ctrl + t as the toggle , but it seems that this is nvidia 's technology and not built into diablo 3 itself .
edit : updated for 1.0.4 you can cancel any auction , so long as no bids have been made on it yet . if you want to change the buyout price , you will need to cancel the auction ( assuming no current bids ) , and re-list it with the new starting/buyout prices ) . the ability to cancel auctions with no bids was added in patch 1.0.4 . prior to that , the following historical answer was valid : you have 5 minutes from the start of the auction to cancel it . once you are past that 5 minute mark , there is no way to end the auction early , short of someone purchasing the item via buyout . you cannot change the minimum bid or buyout price once the auction is started . your only options are to wait and see if someone buys it , or possibly give someone else ( that you trust ! ) the money for the buyout , have them buy it , give it back to you , and put it back on the ah at a new price . keep in mind that you will wind up losing money this way to the ah fees , however .
the japanese spelling of fi 's name is \u30d5\u30a1\u30a4 , the romanization of which is fai . therefore , the english pronunciation would be fa\u026a ( english ipa ) , as in rhyming with the word " my . " ( you wrote this as " fy " . )
" respect " is the correct term here . respect has only one use in saints row 3 , and that is to level up and unlock new upgrades . generally then you buy the upgrades themselves with cash . the highest respect level is 50 , and you can earn respect in a million different ways - any time you see a little circle in the upper left with points counting upwards , you are earning respect . if you are respect level 50 , you get nothing from further respect . chances are by the time you finished the game you hit the cap , but you can still gain more easily through playing side missions or , really , doing whatever . specific choices have different outcomes when it comes to respect or cash bonuses . for instance , at the end of act 1 , your choice gives you 10% increase to either cash or respect earned from that point onward . thus , the difference in the choices amounts to " not much " - if you picked respect instead of cash , you had hit the level cap faster , and earn cash a little slower .
when to buy those items is very situational : assuming generic ad carrys like graves , sivir , miss fortune or ashe , the first time you go back to base you should buy 1-2 dorans blades and a few healing potions instead . those items help you stay in lane longer with their health , lifesteal and damage bonus , which allows you to farm more gold before going back the next time . they are what empowers you to actually get that b.f. sword . do not buy berzerker greaves first because they do not actually help at all . you will not be attacking constantly but in bursts instead , so the dorans blade that you should buy instead actually has a bigger effect on trades . if you can stay in lane long enough because the opponent does not harass or is completely outclassed , you can get the b.f. sword immediately , but that rarely happens in a normal game . you need the small edge that dorans blades give . if you come back to lane without a dorans blade and your opponent has two of them , he can completely bully you around and free farm on a frozen lane while you sit under tower , not getting any farm or experience . also , if you can not afford the biggest component , for example for the infinity edge , you can get a smaller component like the pickaxe first ( after dorans blades ) , which still builds into the same item and makes you stronger in lane than if you would wait for the big item . " selling items is bad " is mostly true , but : if the item you are buying now is helping you to stay in lane longer ( i.e. . dorans blade/dorans ring ) then it is worth it because by staying in lane longer , you gain more gold than you lose from selling it . if you come back to base lacking 200 gold for your next major item ( infinity edge , bloodthirster , phantom dancer ) , going back into the fight without it would make you weaker now and potentially put you further behind than selling one of the dorans blades and getting the big item now . it is all about short term benefits giving you an edge to have a bigger advantage later . all of this is true in the same way for ap carrys with dorans rings .
you have many options here . many protoss players use proxy pylons placed in strategic locations on the map so you do not have to divert your attention too far away from the battle in order to warp in new units . you can even go so far as to bring a probe with you in battle to make pylons a short distance behind your army to help warp in units and also provide supply for the large army you are creating . hot keys can be used to great effect here if you practice a bit . double-tapping a hotkey will center the screen on that location , so if you have a pylon or other unit near a pylon where you want to warp hotkeyed , you can center location on it with a hotkey , hit w ( to select all your warpgates ) , shift+click a bunch , and then double-tap a hot key to go back to your army in a second or so with practice . remember also that it is generally a good idea not to queue units , so warp gates enforcing this is a good way to practice your macro for other protoss production buildings and if you ever plan on playing terran . you generally want to be spending your minerals on things you get now , rather than things you will get later . this is an important point which is mentioned often by day9 in his tutorial casts . most of all , just keep practicing .
the answer that robp gave is correct . sports interactive do not have the legal rights to have real players play for these teams , not only german . http://www.footballmanagerwiki.co.uk/index.php?title=fake_national_teams_and_players you can fix this by going into program files and deleting the fake . lnc and nleague . lnc files in your ' db ' folder . you can find those files in : if you are using steam : c:\program files\steam\steamapps\common\football manager x\data\db*whatever database you want to use*\lnc if not using steam : c:\program files\sports interactive\football manager x\data\db*whatever database you want to use*\lnc
the ati mobility radeon hd 4250 is part of the 4000-series which is 2 generations ahead of the 1000-series it recommends ( which is why the pixel/vertex shaders versions are fine ) , though the *2** ati graphics cards are among the " budget " models and generally underpowered . it is hard to compare notebook graphics to desktop as reviews are not generally going to compare them head-to-head , but some generic benchmarks might offer insight : x1950 pro default : 4640 sm 2.0: 1783 sm 3.0: 1931 hd 4250 ? : 1016-2110 ( depending on system , memory , cpu ) unfortunately i can not find the specifics of notebookcheck .net's ( their benchmark numbers above for the 4250 ) 3dmark06 test . if it is the " default " then it is clearly abysmal , otherwise it is somewhat competitive . a tom 's hardware guide table ranks the 4250 along with the ati 9700 , x800 , x1600 , etc . , 7 tiers below the x1950 pro and 6 below the nvidia 7800 gt . your experience will likely be " poor " on your current hardware , but what does that mean ? blizzard games in general scale extremely well to hardware , so cranking everything to low ( resolution included ) may afford you a " playable " game . i doubt the game developer wants it to simply be playable but something a bit more spectacular ( read : not ugly ) , so they may be a bit conservative in their requirements .
if you are willing to put the button on the bottom block , this is not too hard . try something like this : here 's another shot from the top : and here 's one from the back : when either the button is pressed or someone stands on the pressure plate , the door will open . if you want the button to be at eye level , you can make a minor modification , as suggested in the comments : this will allow you to move the button up one block , at the cost of two repeaters . keep in mind that this will add a ( very ) small delay to the circuit , but considering it is a button , this might even be an advantage .
basically it makes you untargetable . which means that no skill in game can harm you while e-ing . it is also to make the skill a more satisfying melee gap closer countermove - jax leap strikes you ? e in place . you can then choose to escape with a second e or counter-attack and make it so they can not run from you .
from what i remember , and this forum thread agrees with me is that the rogue became blood raven , a minor super unique quest mob from act 1 of diablo 2 the sorcerer became the summoner , horizon 's impersonator , a super unique quest mob from act 2 of diablo 2 this leaves the most likely outcome , the bulky warrior became the canon diablo in diablo 2 .
alt+left click the minimap as if you were pinging , and immediately ' ping ' again on another part of the map . it'll draw a white , straight line . you can add a 3rd ' ping ' for a 2nd straight line . to my knowledge , the lines cannot be shaped or curved , etc . you also have to give it a few seconds before re-drawing , presumably to prevent people from spamming it .
it looks like a bug with 1.4 . x with the spawn protection . the workaround is to define anything in your ops . txt and spawn protection should work properly . the other option is to use a protection plugin instead of the vanilla protection .
you can earn a heart piece if you catch a fish as a kid , and the golden scale ( which allows deeper , longer diving ) as an adult . as per krazer , in the comments , there is a 50 rupee reward from catching the loach , and the owner will refuse to keep it in the fish tank ( where your record catch is usually displayed ) .
it is as simple as pressing the corresponding number ( plus alt , possibly only on mac ) . i have not tested if it works with the number pad , but i know it works with the number row .
the la docks tracks ( cargo run and pacific reach ) are good for barging in to water , each contain at least one section where the track runs right next to the water with no barrier in between . you had probably want to avoid destruction races ( as you would not get any barges ) and one-on-one races ( not enough barging opportunities ) .
for season 1 , the reward was colored borders around summoner icons . the rank you had at the end of the season determined your reward . for season 2 , the reward was colored borders around champion portraits in the loading screen . the highest rank you had attained during the last two months of the season determined your reward . for season 3 , the reward will be summoner icons , loading screen borders , and medals . the highest rank you attain at the end of the season determines your reward .
well , yes . fruit respawns after every few days . fossils pop up every day . if you shake trees and dig up some fossils , there will be less for the mayor to collect . . .
in the beginning there was buildcraft , and industrialcraft 2 , and the players had pumps and generators and lo , it was good . then the nether tempted some . the vast lakes of lava were pumped and fed into the hungry maws of geothermal generators . for a time all was well , until more than one player decided to pump the nether for power . the flowing lava and the many flow recalculations per second caused the server to flail and gnash its teeth , and there was much wailing and cries of " why is the server so # and *$ing laggy ? this server sucks ! " the server ops wept for their children even as they banned pumping lava in the nether , knowing they had no choice , and there was much sadness . the modders , in their wisdom , thought long about this tragedy . the players love the geothermal generators , they said amongst themselves , but it causes much distress to the servers and the players cannot use their beloved pumps . what to do ? so thermal expansion added the magma crucible so that there would be a source of lava without needing pumps and the flow blocks the pumps begat . all was well for a time . but players still , in their newbness , pumped the nether and had to be explained the uses and virtues of the magma crucible . and players , in their leetness , discovered that the magma crucible could generate free energy in the right configurations , and there were those that lamented the loss of the beloved nether pumping stations and looked upon the vast burning lakes with longing , and some fell to temptation and were banned . the forums overflowed with cries for this injustice to be fixed and the nether to be returned to its natural place as a source of geothermal power . greg heard the cries of the fallen , and held them to his bosom and gave them succor . " here , give me your ic 2 pumps and your bc pumps ( but speak not to me of the redpower pumps , for they are an abomination unto me ) . give me your pumps , and take from me the advanced pump . take this , my gift , and pump the nether ! it will pump more slowly , but while its pace be tempered , it will drain the vast lakes of lava without creating flow blocks , and lo , it will be no laggier than a quarry for it will merely remove blocks and cause no recalculations ! rejoice , for i am thy salvation ! " and the players beheld the advanced pump , and the scales fell from the eyes of some and they saw it was good . those who knew of the old wailing and gnashing of teeth , and who followed the mystic movements of the mod developers saw what greg had done and saw the wisdom . they could pump the nether on shared servers , or run multiple pumps in their private games , and they would no longer see only a slideshow . there were players though who were but babes in arms when nether pumping was learned to be nefarious and evil , and they looked upon the gift of the advanced pump and in their arrogance spat upon the ground and bit their thumbs in contempt . thus was confusion and disarray born . greg bowed his head in sadness , but took comfort in the joy that he brought to the enlightened few . he knew this was the way of things , as he was already no stranger to the jibes of his detractors . he smiled his secret smile and turned his eyes from the confused and angry players , and basked in the love of those who understood him . and so it was , and so it shall be again , for time is but an ever-turning wheel . this is but a story , but in it there is the seeds of truth . remember it and tell it to your children and your children 's children , so that our people will remember and always walk in the light .
it does not count as harvested until the drone deposits it at the nexus . the drone keeps carrying the mineral or gas until you send it to a nexus to deposit it . related to your second question , here 's a good practice when switching a drone from minerals to gas : right click the assimilator , then immediately press " c " ( "cargo" ) , which causes drones to deposit any minerals at the nexus before continuing to the assimilator . that way you can pick any three drones and send them to harvest gas : if they are carrying minerals , they will immediately deposit them before going to the assimilator , and if they are not carrying minerals they will ignore your " c " and go right to the assimilator . ( credit for the best practice : @emmett )
it will become available when you start the expansion . that skill tree ( among others ) is only available at that point . new characters made explicitly for the expansion ( not from origins carried forward ) will have the expansion trees available immediately upon creation .
yes , there are more conversation options with the catalyst if you have completed the leviathan dlc . other than that , it is the same . i found this youtube video which shows the final conversation with the catalyst in more detail .
the answers already given are correct , but in most cases , players use windowed mode cause they are not at home , and they are used to one resolution . pro players usually play on one certain resolution , and if they have to go to a lan event , they tend to set the resolution on their pc to the resolution they are used to , cause even small changes can make a huge diffrence ( you cant predict the range exactly if you are used to an other resolution ) . obviouly it also helps with streaming and/or alt + tabbing , but the biggest reason for playing in windowed mode ( for pros at least ) is the resolution .
it is needed to install sourcemod and advertisements plugin . it has all the documentation . here is an example of advertisements . txt :
the food meter becomes relevant only when it becomes red and you begin to starve . you will not restore hp or energy when resting , until you find some food to fill your food bar . healing is only a temporary solution , but it helps you gain time . other than that , no penalties . edit : i do not know if this has been changed recently , but in the current version a starving character has his attack power halved ( rounded up ) . this changes the strategies , since this way the hungry pc becomes almost useless , making a food reserve a necessity .
lightning only strikes straight down , but can transform a pig within 3-4 blocks of the lightning strike . therefore , to keep your pigs safe from lightning storms , their shed has to be built so that it keeps them at least 5 blocks away from the outside sky . building a 5 block wide overhang around the shed roof should do it . alternatively , make your barn so that the pigs are in an inner chamber , with less " volatile " livestock like chickens and cows in the chambers near the walls .
shields act as health - which means that they have the same damage resistances as the character they were used on . this means that , for instance , a 1000 hitpoint shield will only give 1000 points of absorbed damage on a champion with 0 armor and mr . usually , it is a fair bit more than this . the thing is , in league of legends , it is much easier to increase offense than defense . carries are focus targets to begin with , so even a 1000 point shield goes down fast under 3-4 different champions attacking it . most endgame carries can crit each other for over 600 , easily . ultimately , shields might go down fast , but you are effectively giving them temporary health , not a simple damage reduction .
necessary evil i am afraid . there is no stat that reduces their effectiveness . the best defense that i have found is more complete , tiered tower coverage . if you tier your towers such that you have your main line , and then longer range towers with their backs to walls or cliffs covering the empty space between the crystals and your main line , then they do not have any empty space to run amok . of course this changes per map , tower setup , and toon , but i have found that deadly striker towers and some huntress bombs/mines are especially good at dealing with them so you are more free to roam unmolested . : ) i am definitely interested in hearing any other strategies for dealing with them as well !
although this question has been answered , i will offer a strategy that i have used with much success once my bro gained more powerful weapons and armor . the key is to ensure that you have logged in through game center , and that you start a marathon session ( maybe 1 or 1.5 hours total ) on wave 49 or 50 of a revolution . by starting on a later wave , you are guaranteed to kill a ton of enemies , and ( if your character is powerful enough ) guaranteed to survive through to the next revolution . once you have completed a revolution , the beauty is that the next waves are really simple -- at least 10 - 15 of them are . make sure you do not get hit , because you want to accumulate the 10% xplodium bonus . this bonus is compounding on your current xplodium total , so you have just taken the xplodium earned ( a decent amount ) from waves 49 and 50 of the previous revolution , and gotten 10 - 15 consecutive 10% bonuses by breezing through the first waves of the next revolution . ideally , you will have started off with several health nukes so you can replenish your health as necessary . i purchased enough to go through waves 49 and 50 of one revolution , complete the entire next revolution , and then the next 30 waves or so of the following revolution . at that time , there was a 400% bonus enabled in the game , so i got even more at the end . then i stuck that into one of the high-multiplier refineries to get 2-4x the amount ! that is why it is important to play through game center . just to give you some numbers , when i used the 4x multiplier , i had 17k xplodium ( for a total of almost 70k ) . and that was unfortunate , because on my next marathon game i ended up with 80k xplodium , and only had the 2x refinery available . hope this helps . it has really helped me purchase some cool stuff .
yes . if you die in the world beyond , your possessions do stay on the square where you were eaten . your fellow citizens can then travel to the square and retrieve them . if you die in your house , your possessions can also be retrieved ( stolen ) by other citizens , but your corpse is also left behind , and can wake up and kill everyone if it is not . . . taken care of . methods of ' taking care of ' include , but are not limited to watering , dragging out and barbecuing .
i have not played this game , but i found a youtube video which has your answer . in it , a tip pops up on screen and says , " up ahead are some obstacles on the road . if you hit them with your oxen or wagon , they will get harmed . the faster you are going , the greater the damage . . . " the trade off would be greater damage from obstacles . to specifically answer whether whipping oxen hurts them , no , your oxen are not hurt by being whipped , but the whip makes them move faster which causes them and the wagon to sustain more damage when you hit obstacles .
with patch 2.0 , planetary commendations all got combined into a single type . any commendations you do not immediately spend at the korriban vendor can be saved and spent at the dromund kaas vendor after a couple more levels , and so on , all the way up to makeb . the commendations vendors are located on the appropriate planet or on the fleet ( in the area of the map marked " supplies" ) . once you have finished levelling , the best idea is to buy the best lockbox you can afford ( e . g . , the purple one from the makeb vendor ) with the commendations you have left .
you can use any spell in either hand . when you select the spell , left clicking will put it in your right hand and right clicking will put it in your left hand .
roa : your champion gains 18 health , 20 mana , and 2 ability power every minute . bonuses cap at +180 health , +200 mana , and +20 ability power . unique : upon leveling up , restores 250 health and 200 mana over 8 seconds . if you check , you need 10min to get the roa with his full power . take this in consideration in every single game , some times a game will last for 1h ( 60min ) others only 25min or even 20min . roa is a item that you can get at early and mid game . you can get roa at 40min if you see the game flow is slow and will last for at least more 15min conclusion : take it with 15min or more for the end of the match ( you can estimate it after some time of game ) usually 25min is the maximum available , so the game will end with 40min .
indeed you can ! but it will not happen until super late in the game . spoilers ahead : once the world gets ruined , you can take the sub down to where the tower used to be . you will have a strict time limit , but at the bottom of the tower , you can get the shard by fighting gogo . winning against him means you will get the shard . i would recommend equipping the sprint shoes ability , to ensure you have plenty of time to get everything in the tower .
there is a nice little tips guide over here . also , it is worth noting that if you mine all crystals before the enemy spawning progress bar on the right runs out , you get a bonus $500 . and do not be afraid to use a powerup now and then , berserk on the big guys can really make all the difference .
use the slime skill " red wall " on chie , to grant her fire resistance . its learned by slime at level 4 , and from there you can fuse it onto another more useful persona . doing this is a better strategy than having chie defend because chie 's mabufu will be a substantial part of your damage dealing ability .
spiral knights will not go out of its way to notify you when someone accepts your offer to buy or sell crystal energy . when a buyer is found , if you are online you will receive a console message , the relevant currency will flash once or twice , and then will update accordingly . there is no in-game mail or to alert you that the transaction completed if you are offline when that happens - it sounds like it might be possible that the sale went through , and you were simply unaware that it completed successfully .
you can not carry heavy weapons around in this game . if you switch from them , you drop them . when you pick up a heavy weapon , it temporarily replaces your current weapon from the weapon select wheel - the reason you could not find your assault rifle was because you technically still had it as your active weapon . so you then switched to your pistol , which dropped the heavy weapon ( on the ground nearby , able to be picked up again ) . after this , your assault rifle should have been selectable again . did you only try to switch to the assault rifle while you were carrying the reaper blackstar ( the heavy weapon you found ) ?
the weapons in mass effect 3 are designed to be relatively equivalent . sure , the starting weapons are not the flashiest or the ones with the coolest specials , but they get the job done . perhaps more importantly , they are some of the lightest weapons available . so as to whether the early weapons are " worth " it , it depends a lot on whether you are making much use of the weight power recharge bonus ( or not using it at all ) . they are often the best weapons if you are just looking to cover a particular category as a backup weapon in case of ammo problems .
to get the achievement , you just have to make sure you have the postcard in your possession at the end of the game . you can set the postcard down at any time , as long as you pick it back up before you leave an area . ( otherwise some puzzles would be impossible because you need all three characters to hold a different item at the same time . ) however , for the trick you suggest ( leaving it in the lobby at the beginning of the game ) : my guess would be that it would not be there when you return to the gift shop at the end of the game . i am going to do my second play-through soon , so i will try it and let you know . it is not really a hard achievement if you still plan to play through the game again with other characters . it would just be a pain in the neck if you have already played through the game with all the characters because you would have to do another play-through just to get it the trophy . update : i tried your suggestion on my second play-through . i left the postcard on the floor of the lobby at the beginning of the game . at the end of the game it was not there still . i think you have to lug it with you .
there is an up-to-date explanation on how to fix it on the steam forums . if , for some reason , it becomes inaccessible , see my explanation below on how to fix it . still does not work ? here 's how to fix it . most credits go to some fellow nicknamed darkje - thanks darkje ! i prepared a single zip to speed up the process . short method download the following zip : maxpaynesoundfix . zip . extract it into the max payne installation folder ( with steam it should be &lt;base Steam folder&gt;\steamapps\common\max payne ) . double-click the MaxBatch.bat file , wait until it is done . some warnings may appear - ignore them . play the game ! if you can not download the zip for some reason , you can take the long method instead . long method step 1: get sox you need a distribution of sox , a utility that can convert sound files from one format to another . here 's a direct link to the download page - just download the file ending with win32.zip . for future reference , the version that worked for me was 14.3.1 . extract the downloaded zip somewhere , then copy the following files into the max payne folder ( as specified above in the short method ) : sox.exe libgomp-1.dll pthreadgc2.dll  step 2: get rasmaker rasmaker is a 3d-realms tool used for extracting the .ras files that contain all the game resources , including the sounds . you can download it as a part of the " max-fx tools " package , which i was able to find on the levels4you site . unfortunately , the site requires registration to download files - plus , you need to actually install that downloaded application . once you install it , copy the following two files from the folder &lt;fx-tools installation directory&gt;\RasMaker\ to the max payne folder : RASMaker.exe rl.dll  after you copy these files you can remove the installed fx tools application . step 3: create the batch file the following text is the code for a windows batch file . this was written by darkje and edited by me ( my edit is minor , though , it was just needed to update darkje 's original version to work with the current sox version ) . to create the file , first create a new , blank text file , then copy the following text inside it , and finally rename it to MaxBatch.bat and put it in the max payne installation folder . step 4: run the batch file and run the game right now your max payne folder should contain 6 new files - 3 from sox , 2 from rasmaker , and the MaxBatch.bat file . these are the same files you would have got from the undownloadable zip - so now just go to step 3 of the short method . notes running the batch file might take a few minutes , be patient . if anything went wrong , you can just run the MaxBatch.bat file again - it will restore the files to the original form . this will probably not work with a modded game : ( during the batch run , sox reported a lot of " dither " warning for me , in the format : sox WARN dither: dither clipped &lt;num&gt; samples; decrease volume? . it did not seem to cause any problem , though .
i would be shocked if they ever re-used a key , ever . an xbox key is a 25 character long string which can take letters or number . it does not differentiate uppercase from lower case . the number of possible combinations is thus : 24+10 ( 25 ) or 10 38 . to give you an idea of how big of a number this is , there are an estimated ~10 23 stars in the universe . if each of those stars had 1 planets around them , and each planet was inhabited by 1 billion people , and each person redeemed 1 million codes per decade . it would take 1 million years before they ran out of codes . for xbox to reuse codes they would have to implement an entire second system to recycle codes with 0 actual benefit . i think it is a very safe assumption to say xbox does not reuse codes .
since the 1.5 patch , " starcraft ii . exe " no longer launches replays if passed as an argument . instead there is a file " support/sc2switcher . exe " in the starcraft ii folder . if you pass a replay to that , it will be started ( assumed sc2 is not running when you do it ) . so if you associate sc2replay files with this exe , it will work . some more info on this : http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=357501currentpage=12#235
nothing special is required , just starting the game with the dlc disabled is enough to avoid having western europe crushed by the american hordes .
this site has the most comprehensive list . here are the largest changes : loot is now personal , meaning all of the gold and items that drop are exclusive to you . so nobody can come through and snatch up your loot . you no longer place your skill points as you level . stats are distributed based on your class and skills are unlocked as you go . you can constantly be changing your build to optimize situations and pvp . runes are now skill enhancers and can no longer be placed in weapon sockets to gain bonuses or create runewords . there is a fourth difficulty called inferno which is built to put your maxed out character to the ultimate test . it is very tough and has been said to be two times harder than the agreed difficulty the testers thought was sufficient . trading is now done through the auction house ( much like wow ) . there is an ah that you can use real money to purchase items and also a gold based ah . note : you can sell items in the real money ah and gain real money without investing a dime into the system . there are now artisans , which are npcs used to craft . you can salvage items much like you can in other rpgs and create gear . the gear created usually will not be better than what you can find naturally looting and slaying . those are the core changes , please refer to the site for a more comprehensive list . i will work on this a bit more when i get home but i have to get back to work . : )
no , there are no stone bins . bins must be made out of wood or metal , barring strange moods producing bin-artifacts .
yes , achievements are now linkable in chat . from patch 1.05 : battle .netthe " friend of friend " feature for finding and adding real id friends is now available for diablo iii a new item delivery system has been added that will allow blizzard to send license-based items directly to players ( for example , collector 's edition rewards ) achievements an achievement button has been added to the in-game navigation tray players can now link achievements in chat
despite the fact that you may have been pecking away at wandering pokemon for many , many turns , whenever you meet them , it starts a new battle , from turn 1 . this means that the quick ball has twice the capture rate ( x4 ) than that of the ultra ball ( x2 ) .
if you e-mail riot support they are usually willing to give one refund if you ask nicely , but this is rare because they are not supposed to .
these are citizens under attack by the guards of the city . they appear on the map as black rectangle with a white circle in the middle and four white ls in the corners , pointing at the middle . citizens will be available to recruit only if you have vacant spots in you assassin 's roster . if you assign assassin 's as local den master or send them to foreign dens , you will be able to recruit more assassins . on a side note , you can always open the map and check the map 's legend to determine what is the symbol for every object on the map .
early-game usually the support stays with the ad carry at bottom lane . they are there because a lot of reasons they do not kill minions , letting the ad carry farm faster and gear up they make the support for the ad carry , so the ad carry can be more offensive . ( slow the opponent , heal the ally , buff the ally , etc ) as support , they usually take full responsibility for warding their lane . letting the ad carry gold for gear only . mid-game they buy more wards than their teammates . so they can ward more of the map ( how do i ward properly in league of legends ? ) , also they usually buy oracles so they can hunt down enemy wards ( jungles also usually buy oracles , because for a jungler it is easier to walk around looking for enemy wards ) . end-game at this point your function is to keep your group alive as much as you can . make the opponent lose their focus and stop attacking your allies ( knocking up , silence , stun , etc ) . keep warding and if possible keep an oracle activated . notes : to be a good support , you need to : learn to ward as much as you can ( also , where you should be warding ) keep a good sync with your ad carry . some people are more aggressive others are more defensive , try to learn which one is your partner , and try to follow him . stay tuned in with your team , especially your lane partner and your jungler . you do not need this or that summoner spell ( people tend to think that cv or heal is a must have for a good support , and that is not the real deal ) . try and learn , cv is amazing tool for jungle invading , so if you and your jungle have a good sync , you can get this , and make a living hell for the enemy jungler . heal is usually taken by the carry , but some prefer two heals ( carry + support ) or even none ( i usually play lulu with exhaustion , for better chasing ) if you fall behind , do not blame yourself too much , a good support is not so good without a good partner ( jungle and/or your lane partner ) remember , the jungler and you must have a good synergy , he will be warding a lot , so try not to make you or him waste a ward ( double ward happens sometimes , be careful ) you do not have to be janna , soraka , taric or sona to be a good support . lulu , leona and a lot more ( like my favorite , galio ) are great supports , if they are played and mastered . gold mastery and gold runes are very important . remember you are not farming minions , and you still need to buy your gear , oracles and wards .
zileas , design director for lol , explains : the system guesses how good you are based on who you beat and who you lose to . it tries to make matches where it thinks you have a 50/50 chance of winning . it knows pre-made teams are an advantage , so it gives you tougher opponents when you are in a pre-made team . we did fancy math to make the pre-made teams vs solo players matching fair . i even ran it by two math ph . ds and they said it made sense ! you can read the full shebang here . basically , a custom elo derivative is used to rank players and power the matchmaking system , so that you are paired with similarly ranked teams .
we used to bring our eee pc 701 ( celeron 900mhz cpu ) and use it as dedicated server to our small tf2 lan parties . it hosted without any problem 12/14 clients . in principle i can say that your hardware could be enough for your purpose . just keep in mind to not invite too many people .
removing paint from a hat will not " reimburse " you with a paint can .
you need to be wearing the filthy hippy disguise , which is a set with the filthy knitted dread sack and the filthy corduroys . both of these items are dropped by hippies in the hippy camp . another option is the war hippy fatigues ( reinforced beaded headband , bullet-proof corduroys , and round purple sunglasses ) , but you will typically have the equipment for the filthy hippy disguise by the time you have the capability of getting the war hippy fatigues . note that if you clear the infestation at the hippy store ( a side-quest during the island war main quest ) , you will be able to access the hippy store without having to wear a specific set ( and you will gain ~4000 meat every day by visiting ) .
there are three runed tablets in the room - you can see one of them which has fallen by the lever at the right of your screenshot , the snake . the other two are above the portcullis . duplicate the pattern on those tablets by rotating the pillars , and pulling the level will cause the gate to open ( instead of rain painful death on you ) .
from some experimenting i did myself a atb bar with 3 slots takes about 4.3 ~ 4.4 seconds to charge . increasing the amount of gauges incread the times a little but not by a significant amount +- 0.2 seconds . here 's a table of my findings to answer your questions : yes upgrading the number of atb slots does increase charge time . but at 6 charges you pretty much have an efficiency of around 180% compared to the charge speed at 3 slots
no you cannot . the game is only available from the play store , for android , or itunes for ios , and you must purchase it from there . it is a separate product , so it is exempt from the alpha/beta all/until release future editions free promise .
assuming you are the mid lane , you should gank top and bottom lanes more frequently than if you had a jungler , the following are just general guidelines to bare in mind before/during/after ganking . before make sure mid lane is not pushed and that either enemy mid lane pilled back or you killed him . check both side lanes for enemies overextending and being below half health . either ping and type in chat your intention to gank , if possible ask whether the side bushes are warded , this will save you time and lost exp/gold from minion kills . depending on the champion you are playing you will most likely need to be at least 6 to make use of your ultimate . make sure you have your summoner spells not in cooldown , successful ganks can be determined on this , wise use of ignite/exhaust and ghost/flash to catch up will almost guarantee a kill/assist . to answer one of your questions determining when is early or late , usually mid towers are taken down in 15-20 minutes of gameplay , you should not gank if you are going to loose mid tower as it is the most important tower you have , therefore taking into account the things i mentioned above too early would be not having more than one of the aforementioned ; as simple as it is , too late is whenever the side lane towers were taken down and you had the opportunity to gank . during make sure you and your teammates focus the weakest/most important target . do not tower dive if the gank is most likely to fail , it is not worth to get 1x2 . do not ignore minions during the gank , specially if you are below 1/4 health ! beware of the purple caster minion ( specially during early game ) ! after after a successful gank from mid , you can either push the lane you just ganked in order to get the tower gold and experience , this should be done if you can be aware that a counter gank is not going to happen and also if mid lane is not being pushed . if you are not going to push the tower , you should leave the lane for your teammates to farm gold . if you ganked bottom lane and if you and your teammates have the appropriate map control you can all get dragon , it gives global gold as taking a tower does , but it is worth more during early/mid game . at what time do i expect a gank ? expect a gank anytime when you see the lane not being pushed and 1 or more of the enemy champions missing in action , expect a gank whenever the enemy lane becomes over confident being below half health , meaning you are being lured into a trap . expect a gank when killing enemy blue/red and whenever killing baron and dragon . best counter gank : proper warding of the map
the shotgun receiver is unlocked at level 20 .
you are not actually downloading minecraft &mdash ; you are downloading the official game launcher . that launcher will , given valid log-in credentials ( obtained by signing up and purchasing the game ) , download minecraft and allow you to play it . so by not paying , you are missing out on the entire game , as it were .
it seems that the pmb . exe executable that is in charge of retrieving the installation file from riot 's server is unable to start on your machine . you may try to : get the original pbm software from pando networks website if available , check if there is a win 64 version eventually . you may want to uninstall any pando network software related to the pmb before doing so . download the league of legends client again and try it again . change the compatibility mode of the pmb . exe to 32-bit executable .
the function of the lockstone contraption is to light the lantern that is hanging high up in the air . this will light up much of the area , making it less necessary to use your own torch . bloatheads ( the spider-looking enemies ) are also scared of light , which you may have noticed if you approached one with your torch out . when the lantern is lit via the lockstone contraption , they will generally confine themselves to building interiors and other dimly-lit areas , which may make your travels through the area a little bit easier .
in order to acquire the xenon hub mini-plot , you must meet the following requirements : started with the albion plot enabled completed the albion plot have a boron rank of queen 's guard ( or higher ) found atreus ' headquarters if you have met those requirements , you should receive the following message : this is an automated message offering you , an esteemed friend of the boron , the opportunity to work for atreus shipbuilding currents in queen 's harbour . please visit us to see what we can offer each other . at which point you will need to travel to atreus ' headquarters in queen 's harbor to contact gili tosi . source
it sounds like you are having a negative interaction between tactical cloak , your charging weapon , and possibly also your latency . since you have mentioned it does not have any issue with " regular " shotguns , i think that the bottom line is that cloak has not been failing for you , though it probably has been behaving in a way contrary to what you were hoping .
tenacity only matters if you get subjected to a tenacity-able cc effect . on teams which favor mostly knockups or suppressions as their hard cc , for instance , tenacity is useless ( as it does not reduce knockup or suppression duration ) . this brings us to our second point : do not go into games with your heart set on a specific pair of boots . adjust your build to best combat the team you are fighting against . folks do not not buy merc treads because tenacity is useless ( it is not ) , they buy tabis instead because they are more useful against the opponent team .
by " default " , you get +20 aim if you are at least one elevation above your opponent , though how the game determines what elevation you are at seems somewhat random . damn good ground stacks with this , effectively increasing the accuracy bonus by 50% .
without knowing the inner workings of their matchmaking algorithm , first and foremost i believe the matchmaking is by location-- or more specifically , connection speed , which usually means location as well . it searches for other consoles whose ping is under a certain threshold , and if it finds none , it increases the threshold until a good game is found . as to whether they use other criteria on top of that , i have never noticed any kind of pattern . i am speaking from experience based on mw2 ; it is possible that they have changed the algorithm since then , but i doubt it . improvements ? in the cod franchise ? psh .
the maximum wanted level is level 4 , which prima quantifies as having picked up 210 penalty points or more from attacking and sinking ships . once you reach wanted level 4 , the hunter patrol waves will consist of a frigate and man o ' war , levels 38 and 60 respectively . even these are still fairly easy to take on with a fully upgraded jackdaw , but they can make fairly decent additions to kenway 's fleet if you play that side game .
from this thread it seems you have a few options you could try : redirect my documents so it points to your homeserver using its ip-address like this : \\192.168.0.252\Data\Documents . in the bf2 folder there should now be a profile using the ip-address above . note that bf2 can only read this info , it will not write it to dics . so you will need to edit the files by hand . redirect my documents to something with 1 or more subfolders , which means a simple redirect to h:\ would not be enough . in the example my documents is pointing to "H:\Documents and Settings\&lt;username&gt;\My Documents" .
yes , you can . you still have to have a valid sc1 account though . and it uses classic battle .net, so you can not hook up with realid friends from sc2 and wow .
as far as i know , there is no way to permanently delete this app . you have a couple of options to avoid clicking it accidentally , though : place it in a folder . when you select an empty spot in your home screen , you can choose to create a folder . you can then place the health and safety information , along with any other built-in app you do not want in a folder and never use them . drag it all the way to the right . if you hold your stylus on an icon for a few seconds , you can move them around . if you place the health and safety icon all the way to the right , you will most likely forget it is even there . combine the previous 2 options . create a folder as in 1 , then place that folder to the right as in 2 . you will be able to leave multiple unwanted icons off-screen while minimising the number of slots they take .
no , once the mana has been stored it can not be pulled out to be used as building .
in general you will want to max out your defense units . this will actually lead to a pretty good award boosting your xp gains by quite a bit if you can keep the defense units maxed out for the entire round with out losing one . once that has been taken care of you can start to upgrade . focus on key choke points and consider upgrading vs repair when appropriate ( remember you will suck in any size mana gem around you for being even 1 point below max so that repair can end up being very costly ) . also of note , is that while the damage bonus to upgraded turrets is nice you will often find yourself upgrading them more because of their durability . do not get me wrong , the damage increase is very nice , but knight 's defense having more health , the monk auras longer life and the huntress traps more trigger counts are also very key reasons to upgrade them , so they can last with out you being there . lastly , as yx . mentions is the blocking of enemies . some turrets ( ie knights ) do this better than others ( monks/huntress ) . controlling the flow of the enemies is also often very key so the quantity of the towers can be more important than the damage they do as well .
each box has a different activation method . this specific one requires using a clawed character to dig up a switch in the nearby garden , which activates the shutters in the building the box is sitting on once the shutters have been opened , a character with magnetic power can flick a switch inside the building , opening the box .
my opinion on this is that ashe would make a bad support . by support i talk about one going full support , i.e. relying on passive gold , masteries , gp/10 items as a way to grab gold , and a champion that is here for the sole purpose of enabling an adc to grow in power . why is this ? because her kit is made to deal damage over utility . of course , she has a nice slow , but she lacks a real crowd control ability to mitigate the other adc damage . if you take other supports , lulu thresh and janna have a shield , sona has the z ( w , on us keyboards ) power chord that decreases the target 's damage , soraka sona taric and nami have heals , taric lulu thresh and leona have stuns that stop the adc from attacking . in what way can ashe compete in this area ? ok , her ult can stun , i will grant you this . but this comes with a huge cooldown . basically , if the other team attacks , you can only not lose by doing more damage and killing them . second point , the squishiness of supports are usually well addressed by their kit in late game . shields , heals or armour boost grow with the champion level . ashe does not have any of this . so , unless you buy armour and health , you will still be squishy . third , all support champions have some small way to boost their adc on other characteristics like : attack speed , movement speed , ad , ap . ashe has none of these . however , this does not mean that ashe would be a bad pick for the second bot-laner . but then you can not really say you are playing her as a support . if your objective is to completely overwhelm the other team and force them to hug their tower , this may be a good pick . edit : on the slow component i did not talk about first of all , we need to read this on wikia and ashe is page as well . ashe is frost shot slow cannot be buffed by either frozen mallet nor rylai 's scepter as her frost shot does not proc on hit effects . only her aoe slow can be stacked with rylai 's ( as frozen mallet is for aa only ) . so it is really not a good idea to build frozen mallet on ashe in any cases . rylai 's crystal scepter . . . hum 2900 gold for 80ap and 500 health ? what will ashe do with 80 ap anyway ? a randuin 's omen would be far more interesting for her . and final thought : does ashe really need a boost to her slow ? really ?
there is a little red circle that appears when you use an active power that has a cooldown . it starts out as two halves , and as the power recharges , the circle starts to close around your crosshairs . when the circle halves meet in the center of the screen , it flashes white and disappears . at this point , the power 's ready to use again .
the takeaway i got from a 5 page thread amid discussions of java sdks and iphone vs g1 , is that it can be done only when you are lucky , where luck is defined as getting great powerups for the back row and getting almost no red waves until level 15 or so ; and even then , very few . later you want no blue waves . the other important note is that the end goal setup for past level 15 is to have 2 large and powered up red turrets on each of the 2 back areas , and 2 large blue turrets in the forefront . it is obvious otherwise that you must start with 2 red turrets . do not use green turrets on this level due to the missile lag . here 's what living to wave 48 might look like :
there is a way you can detect if a block is missing using a repeater and redstone current . the further stone-block is destroyed in between the images . as far as i know , this is the only way to do it without clocks ( pulses ) . the piston itself does not keep itself triggered , but that can be implemented with memory cells if need be ( see 3rd image ) .
you ' win ' when you decide that you have achieved what you wanted and have had enough . even if you conquered the whole world , i expect you could simply start another rebellion and conquer it again . it is a great game , but i suspect you will tire of it before you get anywhere near taking over the whole land . just enjoy playing it . if you find you are progressing too fast , notch up the difficulty , or impose restrictions on yourself ( swords-only , or no horses etc )
you need to find a gene bank in order to change your equipped plasmids or gene tonics .
turns out it was some problem with swkotor.exe . i downloaded a nocd crack and now it works fine . ( the irony ! )
tl:dr to your three questions : no , no , and probably . actual answer : in civ 5 the courthouse is indeed the only way to remove the unhappiness caused by occupation . i wanted to check for myself if a city always stays " occupied " even after 100 turns or more , so i conducted some lazy science™ ! first , i took my babylonian empire , which had overrun sydney around 100 turns ago ( rough estimate , go lazy science ! ) . here is a picture of the city before i sold the courthouse : and here is my city after , notice that it is again marked as occupied , and that my civ 's happiness has decreased substantially . here you can see the unhappiness attributed to occupied cites : i also took a german civ at turn 273 , which had done away with the wretched babylonians over 150 turns ago . i then took both akkad and babylon , and sold their courthouses . you can see here that my civ 's happiness went from 8 to 2 , and that both cites reverted to an occupied state . so , it seems that in regard to your first two questions : no , you should not really get rid of courthouses . no , occupied cites never really forget your transgressions against them . your third question , " does destroying another civ have an impact on their captured city " is a bit out of the scope of my answer ( that and it would require more lazy science than i would want to do right now ) . from my poor and easily forgotten experience , i recall that destroying a civ will make both their captured cites and other civs a little bit more miffed with you . i do not know if a city being puppeted would affect this . if you want a more in-depth answer , you could try asking this as a separate question .
by default , you can zoom in and shift your camera 's perspective slightly by using your mouse 's scroll wheel . scroll forwards to zoom in , scroll backwards to zoom out .
yes , there is another survivor in one of the cells , who will trade food for 10 revolver and 10 rifle ammo . you can find the food in the building where jimmy blake ( the guy you need the batteries for ) is on the roof . but depending on your playstyle , you might not need the ammo anyway . but keep in mind that jimmy blake will not come with you as a survivor if you do not give him the batteries . but if i remember correctly , there is not enough space in the car for everyone anyway . so , if you are happy with the amount of ammo you can just leave the side quest . you will just miss some irrelevant dialogue and jimmy as a survivor .
in singleplayer , the nether is not loaded by default , so any pigmen ( or other mobs ) that spawn in the overworld and wander through the portal do not move or count towards the mob count anymore , until you enter the nether . this is one way to get around the cap for naturally spawned mobs , storing the mobs in the nether until it is time to kill them . this can lead to dangerous ( for your computer/framerate ) amounts of mobs in the area around the portal once you do enter the nether though , so if it is not part of your design , turn off your portal before afking . doing so will also keep the pigmen from spawning in the overworld .
they are used for the " hangover " quest which starts with a drinking competition in which you black out and destroy a temple ( see this question if you need help ) . one of the items needed to repair the staff is a giant 's toe .
she will occasionally ask for interviews . the results of these interviews can effect other war assets . for instance there is one after curing the genophage . using the paragon dialog option drives up recruiting for the krogan clans asset . there is also an instance where she is arguing with a random crew member . you have an option of killing one of her stories if you take the crew member 's side .
it is possible for ps3/4 games to be cross-play but it is not the default . you will have to check whether each specific game supports ps3/4 cross play as it is up to the developer to implement .
from all that i remember , there is really no explanation for the nymph 's appearance at the end of land of the livid . there is nothing in moody clouds that will explain it . from my understanding , the land of the livid is really just a truly optional second ending separate from the main story ending on moody clouds .
i know this is only a partial answer but i am looking for how much experience and creds you get from gold too so i thought i would pass the info along . bronze : about 150,000 experience , 15,000 credits . silver : about 200,000 experience , 30,000 credits . gold : unkown as far as galactic readiness goes , i have not really been watching but it is usually around plus 3% each time i think .
" tristram " is available during the fallen star " leah 's childhood " and " about the temple " first show during the broken blade , but are also available at the beginning of trailing the coven
no , diablo does not support acting on items in the trade window in the way that games like world of warcraft do . you will need to find someone you trust to apply the ce dyes from their own inventory and then give the item back to you .
i did some online searching , and got some information . it seems this problem is universal across all platforms . i still have not found a definite cause for this problem , ( though some are generally blaming crappy game/drm design ) or any statement from bioware , but the community has come up with a few workarounds . i have had success with two , and have not really bothered with the third . but there are some claims of the third being fairly reliable . ( maybe console-specific , or ps3-only . ) disable auto sign-on to the console 's multiplayer network ( e . g . : psn , xbox live ) and reboot . or , just log off of the network before starting the game every time . if multiplayer functionality is desired , use the in-game menu to sign in to ea 's servers and this should automatically prompt you to sign into your console 's network also . this has worked well for me . i suppose the pc analogue would be to turn off wi-fi or unplug the network cable . enable auto sign-on to ea 's servers within the game . ( you may have to try options 1 or 3 first , to get into the game menu needed to tweak this option . ) this has also worked for me , and comes with the added benefit that you can re-enable your console 's auto sign-on function as well . wait approximately 30 seconds at the " press start button " screen . some users have reported good results with this . since options 1 and 2 are working fine for me , i have not personally tested it .
according to smogon 's pickpocket page , if the defender has a focus sash and takes a hit , it will use the sash before pickpocket activates . it is therefore logical to assume that it would not be able to steal a focus sash and use it before it faints from the triggering hit .
yes , you can play both standard mode and the bass parts with the mustang . frets 1-5 are used to simulate the green-> orange buttons that you may be used to on the standard rb strat , though they are wider . you can also use frets 13-17 , which are narrower and liken a bit more to the solo buttons from the rb strat , and they function in the same manner in which you do not have to strum for the solo/big rock endings parts . you can press any or all buttons on the appropriate fret , it does not matter which ' string ' the buttons are on , and similarly you can strum any string whether you are fretting it or not . for the bass parts in pro mode , you can simply ignore the 2 strings you do not use ( b and high e ) .
yes , you unlocked lock-picking because of your choice . if you save the other guy ( fergus reid ) you get the ability to hotwire . if you refuse , all 3 of you get killed ( you are forced to make a choice ) .
no there is no limit to the number of weapons you can have . players have reached count of 1000s or even 10,000 weapons , without loosing a single one . however , it is better to look into weapon fusion than just going " gotta have ' em all " on the weapons ; )
yes , you should retract the landing gear . i am using alternate control layout and it is r3 for ps3 .
do you still have the rca composite + left/right audio output cable ? ( the one with the yellow , red and white plugs . ) it is possible to configure the ps3 to output audio to both hdmi and the rca cable . under " settings " go to " sound settings " and turn on " audio multi-output " .
in order to run diablo 2 on my windows 7 pc , i did the following ( and this should work for vista as well ) : have the compatibility mode set to windows xp ( service pack 3 ) run in 256 colours disable desktop composition run this program as an administrator if you still run into issues , try keeping the screen resolution menu opened as you play . this may sound odd , but i have seen a few people say this solved their problems when playing .
there is a small folder inside the minecraft/bin folder called natives . this folder contains files that have platform-specific code . when you copied over your install , you copied over the windows-native files in this folder . as a result , the game fails to run . you can fix this by replacing the contents of that folder with the correct files from a valid 1.4.6 installation that was done on a mac . i am not entirely certain how you can do that , but the files from a 1.4.7 install may work if in fact mojang have not changed very much except for some classes in the main jar file . archive your modded install somewhere else , install mc 1.4.7 fresh , and save the natives folder it generates somewhere convenient . wipe the rest and put your modded install back in place , remove its windows-based natives folder , and drop in your new one . see if it runs . if using a 1.4.7 natives folder does not work though , one way to try would be to use minecraft nostalgia , which can downgrade the latest version of minecraft to an arbitrary previous version . ( i have used it for downgrading to 1.2.5 for modding purposes , but i have not done it on a mac . it appears to support win/mac/linux though . ) you would safely archive your modded install , wipe it from the minecraft/ folder , then run the vanilla launcher to get 1.4.7 . close it out , then run minecraft nostalgia , choosing 1.4.6 from the list . once it is done the conversion , grab the minecraft/bin/natives folder for later . wipe the rest , put your modded install in , and delete the minecraft/bin/natives folder that came from windows . finally , drop in your natives/ folder gleaned from mc nostalgia , cross your fingers , and launch ! again , i have never had to do this , but it should work .
it gives you money the same way killing an orc does except that you must go to pick it up and is not given to you automatically after killing one .
aegis of fate bases its absorption from your current armor stat . other than that , neither forcefield and aegis of fate are directly affected by any defensive stat as far as i know . however , they are indirectly affected as their damage absorption takes place fairly late in the damage calculation process , after most of your other defensive stats like flat armor and damage reduction have already been accounted for . because of this , you can consider the skills to be indirectly boosted by any defensive stats you have on the character . source : how defense works , official forums
the path in your resource pack should be /assets/minecraft/sound/random/click.ogg  putting a sound file there will replace the click sound . the original file is located at .minecraft/assets/sound/random/click.ogg 
no , there is not another way . in order to vault over an object you must take cover first . mass effect is not the first series to do this - the gears of wars series works in the same way .
use chaff in 1v1/recon play as it is much easier to prevent yourself from being targeted that attempting to hit your target in a 1v1 or exposing your position during recon . - http://www.gamefaqs.com/ps3/984945-armored-core-v/faqs/64037 optical chaff confuses and redirects missiles as well as hide your iff ident from the enemy operator . - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=2t=14894start=880#p228030 note that there is no dual-shoulder bonus for optical chaff . me and a couple other people from core nexus had screwed around with it for a while . also , if there exists an enemy player on the opposing side with a subcomputer , the effects of the optical chaff are completely negated prior to calculating the subcomputer 's effects . - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=6t=17332p=231854hilit=optical+chaff#p231825 good ol ' optical chaff should buy you some more time to dart between cover as you close the distance . as for weapons , go for accurate ones such as the karasawa or lotus , maximizing your chances of hitting him even if he is barely at the edge of your lock on range - http://forum.acgarage.com/viewtopic.php?f=10t=17286p=231153hilit=optical+chaff#p231153 i do not believe the second through the last to be necessarily only talking about ac5 , though it is unclear .
/kill is not a op command but a player command to commit suicide so it can only apply to the one who use it . ( source ) but . . . if your server is running on bukkit , you could install essentials plugin and the you will be able to use the command /kill &lt ; playername> and a lot of other useful stuff that every server moderator should have . but if you are not on bukkit or any modded server then why do not you /tp &lt ; playername> &lt ; yourname> so the player will be teleported to you and then just kill him :d
yes , you should have absolutely no issues doing that . i believe you should have most all of the prestige related titles already , but i have not gotten to 10 yet myself . for more information on what you need to do to get the titles , the call of duty wiki on wikia has a full list of all titles . the prestige related titles are listed with a green background .
you mean it is not clear from the translated summary ? ; ) this game is fantastic fighting game . girls do their best now and are preparing please watch warmly until it is ready . greatest mesmeric mist of all time . this magic mist is missing power ! still , a slightly more coherent description is given here : while making preparations for the feast three days away , reimu is distracted by a strange powerful mist that is covering gensokyo . she and many other inhabitants of gensokyo ( such as alice and patchouli ) go to investigate . suika ibuki is an oni . although legends say all the oni are gone , suika has decided to reunite the humans and oni by attracting them through partying . using her special ability to spread across the land , she causes the humans and youkai to have feasts and parties . the more drunk she gets , the stronger she becomes , and she carries a gourd treasured by the oni , which never empties of sake . still pretty bizarre , but then , that is practically the definition of anime . . . note that there are further dialogue translations provided in that first link , that will probably prove helpful if you really want to try and understand the details as the story unfolds . good luck with that . ; )
your own experience confirms that yes , you do need to finish ' media blitz ' . the secret mission will appear on the star map , same as other " normal " missions . edit : note that you will have to play the secret mission before going to char as once you start that , you will not be able to go back to do it .
it seems that a drone chooses its target per random .
for the ' kin ' achievements i had a hard time until i ended up using silly tactics for each of the 3 races to allow my team the win with a lot more ease , and a lot less frustration at my idiotic teammates . protos cannon rush . you can see my description of it here . the basic gist is : send a starting probe to their base ( on megatron ) and set up a pylon and forge , then start planting cannons until they are all hampered enough that your team rolls over them . zerg spine crawler rush . this works best on maps where all the bases are seperated . this means your opponents all need to be zerg . harvest for &lt ; 1min with all of your drones . build 1 or 2 new drones . then save up for a pool . after the min has past send 2-4 of your drones into the opponents base . then split them up 2 per opponent base . as soon as you have the resources turn those drones into spine crawlers behind their resource line . use the minerals to funnel the drones so only one can attack your spine at a time . if all goes well you will land 2 crawlers behind 2 different bases and it will cause enough economic damage that the other 3 players on your team will be able to roll over the opposing ai . if all does not go well , they will have attacked your crawlers and killed them . save yourself the time and pack up and surrender . just try it again . terran i chose protoss for my opponents on this one . this works best on maps where there are two players per base . i built fast into 3 barracks with tech labs and mass produced reapers . i then proceed to reaper harass the opponents , watching for striders and zealots to come defend while cleaning house of probes . if you are able to take out a nexus early , that is always very helpful . if all goes well you did enough damage that your buddies can clean house , otherwise start over . hope this helps out , this is exactly how i did them .
it think does not stack . silent killer basic ( 4 pt ) : you deal more damage with all silencer weapons . deal 15% more damage with silenced weapons ace ( 8 pt ) : you deal even more damage and have a chance to pierce armor . deal 30% more damage with silenced weapons . 15% chance to pierce armor ( does not stack . 27.75% with both skills ) and c4ndlejack [ guide 's author ] 9 sep 2013 @ 2 h 55 ( . . . ) silent killer adds 30% aced . source : http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=169443444
according to the support article steam will apply any of your applicable coupons automatically . prior to clicking “purchase , ” you can choose to save your coupon for later by clicking the “change/remove coupon” link for that coupon in your cart .
i have compared 3 presets : gionight , confident and nightwalker . the best is from gionight . it has the best colors and it runs good on low quality settings . here is a download-link : http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5516 . the one from confident is pratically the same like the default preset and very blurry and weak colors and the one from nightwalker is too dark or the colors is too extreme and it is not very balanced .
yes , it is possible . in the future , you should turn on the option " automatic workers leave old improvements " in the options , which will prevent issues like this from happening
not that i am an expert in such things , but it sounds like you are conflating windows memory caching and java 's memory management . a program used frequently ends up getting pre-loaded into ram by newer windows systems . if it is needed elsewhere it is overwritten - that is pre-loading or ' caching ' . java has what is called a " garbage collector " which cleans up unused memory every now and then whilst your program is running . its not really important to know how it works as its more of a concern for developers - but suffice it to say its the thing that actually frees unused memory . when running minecraft from a command line , you set java 's min/max allowable ram usage with the parameters -Xms 512 ( minimum 512mb ) and -Xmx 1024 ( max 1gb ) . ( double clicking the icon uses the default values ) . what this means is that even if there is no chunks loaded and no one logged in , java will reserve 512mb of ram for minecraft . it also means that if it reaches 1gb of usage , you will start experiencing lag and other slowdown effects as java shuffles memory around . so in summary , if you run minecraft often , windows will preload/cache the files used by it into ram . depending on your minimum ram setting , java will reserve that much memory for minecraft .
sure , in your system preferences , go to storage , and move the save file over there . when you load the game it will ask what storage device to use . select " cloud storage " and it will use that .
i think the guys at ca said that the city had to be upgraded to max to make it look like in your pic . though truth is they did a really lazy and poor job creating this game . rushed and unfinished .
first off , the type of luck you receive each day is random , and katrina does not " give " you the luck--you have it already and she tells you what kind you have . and so for " love luck , " it should already be easier that day to increase friendship with opposite-gender villagers and to get special conversations with them . you do not need katrina to unlock your luck , just to clarify what it is for the day . i can attest to " love luck " working as true ( or having just several weird coincidences ) ; the number of special conversations i had with opposite-gender villagers with good " love luck " was higher than normal ( and definitely more than the ones i had with same-gender villagers ) .
to find part 2 of leah 's journal , you need to check her journal after completing the fallen star by talking to captain rumford , but before entering the cathedral during the legacy of cain .
at first : it would be nice if you added a more details error description ( error message ? servers listed or not ? timeout at connection to the server ? etc . ) . depending on you country you will the cut or the uncut version of the game by steam . cut and uncut version are incompatible ( at least at the time i played ) ; so you can not play with a cut version on an uncut server and vice versa . there will be probable no servers left for the uncut version . there are patches out there to convert a cut version to uncut ( just google for " rainbox 6 vegas 2 uncut patch" ) . another widespread problem is that some routers require configuration . you have to open these ports ; tcp : 3074 to 3174 + 10130 ( in- and outgoing ) udp : 10140 ( in- and outgoing )
tyrael/the stranger will even talk to you after you kill the final boss , but conversations with him are often in small spurts . act i vanished memories : available during the quest sword of the stranger . the sword : available from the time after you complete the quest sword of the stranger and before you accept the quest the broken blade until you are given the objective talk to alaric in the drowned temple during the quest the broken blade . the mysterious coven : available after accepting the quest the doom in wortham until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest *the doom in wortham * . the lords of hell : available from when you are given the objective talk to the caravan leader during the quest return to new tristram until you begin act ii . act ii about your fall : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . about caldeum : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . refugees in caldeum : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . corruption : available after accepting the quest a royal audience until you begin act iii . destruction of mount arreat : available after accepting the quest unexpected allies until you begin act iii . the last twenty years : available after hearing the conversation destruction of mount arreat until you begin act iii . zoltun kulle 's death : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you begin act iii . the lord of lies : available from the time after you complete the quest betrayer of the horadrim and before you accept the quest blood and sand until you begin act iii . act iii a lost opportunity : available during the quest the siege of bastion 's keep . guilt : available fter hearing the conversatio a lost opportunity until you complete the siege of bastion 's keep . kulle 's black soulstone : available after accepting the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the flawed stone : available after hearing the conversation kulle 's black soulstone until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . human knowledge : available after accepting the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the thrill of battle : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . tyrael 's command : available after accepting the quest the breached keep until you are given the objective talk to tyrael during the quest machines of war . the battle of the diamond gates : available after accepting the quest the breached keep until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the eternal conflict : available after accepting the quest machines of war until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . the creation of the world : available after hearing the conversation the eternal conflict until you are given the objective talk to lieutenant lavail during the quest heart of sin . act iv heaven 's fall : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . adria 's treachery : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . the dark wanderer : available from when you are given the objective enter the vestibule of light during the quest fall of the high heavens until you are given the objective detroy auriel 's prison in the library of fate during the quest the light of hope . the high heavens : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . leah 's spirit : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . malthael : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game . malthael 's fate : available after hearing the conversation maltheal until the end of the game . the prime evil : available from when you are given the objective enter the crystal colonnade during the quest the light of hope until the end of the game .
based on a quick search , unfortunately it looks like it will not . while it seems like it should work ( due to having 4gb of internal flash memory ) , it does not probably because the original xbox did not know about flash memory , only its internal hard drive . since really running original xbox games on the 360 boots up the equivalent of an original xbox , that is all it can write to . buying the 250gb hard drive ( or , better yet , just buying the model that comes with the hard drive - it is cheaper that way ) , should do the trick and allow original xbox games to run on the xbox 360 ( well , those that have been updated to work anyway ) .
having negative piety gives you a bonus to technology rate and taxes , which is how you get the tech rate . there is no unmentioned bonus . ideally you want to keep piety at one end of the spectrum or the other , both have advantages . piety is not like piety in crusader kings , where it is all good . instead it represents the advantages of secularism ( tech , church taxes ) versus theocracy ( morale and stability ) . you can see your current modifiers by hovering over the current piety label or percentage slider on the religion tab . hover over the flag icons on either end of the slider to see the maximum available modifiers .
when you are alone put the highest resonators available right away . placing a resonator gives you 125 ap , while upgrading one gives you 65 , but only if you are not the owner of the resonator . upgrading your own resonators will give you exactly nothing , zero , nil . this means that with a friend you will get more ap by starting with low-level resonators and gradually upgrading them . also you have to remember the limits on resonators ' deployment that depends on your level . anyway you can always check how many ap you get by looking at the log in your scanner .
like the mav and t-ugs , the soflam works either as a manned or unmanned device . if you place it on a high area with an overlook ( ideally ) , it will automatically scan for and lock on to enemy vehicles in its field of vision . no human intervention required . i suspect that it is more efficient when manned and operated manually -- and you can switch over to your deployed soflam to control it remotely at any time using the proper gadget key -- but it does work either way . also note that the soflam survives your death as recon , once deployed it is a permanent battlefield artifact until it is destroyed by the enemy .
for each exists , but only if you create an array first , which is not helpful . i can not log in to check right now , but you can try something like this : make one macro that makes it act like you clicked on a button and reroutes to another based on right/left click : /click [button:1] MultiBarLeftButton2; MultiBarLeftButton3  then make two macros for each separate thing and put them on the proper button location . so , for the left click : /csay 4 yourmessage /csay 7 yourmessage  and right click : /csay 1 yourmessage  if your message is too long to fit , you should be able to use semicolons to keep it all on one line : /csay 4 yourmessage; 7 yourmessage  or , you can do part of it , and put /click MultiBarLeftButton4 to chain it to another button with the rest of the message . for reference , here 's the different action bar names : here 's a quick reference on branching with /click .
i am unsure why you added DXLEVEL 80 . 512mb of ram is very small ; it is clearly the bottle neck in this case . you do state though that the other noted games run fine . it is possible that with all the content that is in use at the same time when playing tf2 that your ram is just not capable of holding it all ( and tf2 has a lot of content , such as hats ) . as for the shown minimum requirement , maybe due to the steady increase in the size of the game since release and all the addition new items/content , the stated requirement is actually no longer realistic .
ok . i think i figured it out . the " faster aircraft animation " mod does not cover the entire animation . i made a custom mod that does all of these database updates , and it solves the issue . note that the last 3 updates are copied out of the " faster aircraft animations " mod .
yes it is , there are several things in the game that make you stronger without affecting level . pyromancy is a spell class that levels completely based off the items and the souls you spend on enhancing it . in fact the magic adjust of pyromancy before the nerf was the highest among all spell trees even with a 50 int sorcerer . currently it ranks as high as around 40 int at max level , or possibly higher . the damage is completely independent of level and as such i have personally made a lv15 character with max pyromancy who has slain the four kings . equipment can dramatically assist in the damage a character can do . a low level character would not have the endurance to wear a lot of heavy armor but further down i explain how that can be mitigated to . even with low endurance almost any armor that is fully enhanced is extremely powerful . for weapons , the elemental weapons like fire and lightning do not scale at all but have fantastic base damage making them very powerful and equip-able on lv10 characters . even a basic longsword put to +10 fire is extremely deadly . in addition much equipment boosts stats , mask of child or father both provide bonuses like hp increase or weight load increase , the grass crest shield increases stamina regeneration . rings can mitigate a lot of the need to level . the ring of favor off of lautrec increases hp , weight load and stamina by a considerable amount at the cost of never being able to take it off without destroying it . the havel ring dramatically increases weight load , the physical ring can make up for wearing a lot of light weight armor by increasing physical defense by 50-70 . the combination of all three allow you to take very low level character and make them more than strong enough to down any boss in any scenario . also if you mean to do it without using any souls at all , that is certainly possible as well since nearly all attacks can be dodged but it would take a considerable amount of time to do it with no souls and require absolutely no mistakes however this game is still a rpg and a no souls run would be comparable to the nsgnsncnonennenbb runs of ffx . finally the game still takes plenty of opportunities to kill you regardless of stats by traps and falls .
i agree with this question and have an unfortunate answer . the saddest part of the ios line is that itunes does not back up coredata / application generated data ( save games , favorites , you know , locally saved data ) . the only way this is feasible is if the application supported saving progress back to the server , and loading it back to the device next time you play . and , clearly , angry birds does not . this is an opportunity to contact the developers about angry birds and ask them to implement a server-side store of your progress , in addition to the local data . [ edit ] this answer is 50% wrong . a server side store would be great , and itunes does not back up application generated data , but you can pull saved files out with some finagling .
this is a very situational , and depends on your play style . most skilled ap mids do not get an item based on whether it gives you more mana or mana regen . athene 's unholy grail ( aug ) is such a good item for mana hungry ap champs such as : ahri , anivia , kassadin etc . not only because aug has amazing mana regen abilities , allowing mana hungry champs to have sustain , but it also gives magic resist ( mr ) and a decent ability power ( ap ) boost . everything an ap mid would need to succesfully win his lane . it is also a very easy item to build up too . rod of ages ( roa ) is a good item because it gives mana and health and ability power . if you build this item first , catalyst the protector gives a decent sustain with its passive ability . also being one of the few meta acceptable items for an ap mid to build that has health , its great for survivability now a days the only champion that usually builds archangel staff is karthus , and its usually 4 archangel staffs with sorcerer 's shoes and rabadon 's deathcap . this usually accomplishes the goal of being able to nearly one shot the entire enemy team with requiem . although i would not suggest this build at all . as a rule of thumb for my builds i usually go heavy mana regen for ap champs such as ahri and kassadin . champs that have long cooldowns , and burn through their rotation very quickly . heavy max mana is great for champions like anivia and karthus who have very important aoe spells that are channeled and tear through mana faster then any amount of mana regen will keep up with . but this is hugely dependent on play style and preference and my opinion . if you had like examples for more champs let me know .
there is no demand mechanic as everybody has said , there is simply a truck spawn timer that spawns regional trucks to either export or import goods . the more regional truck bays you put on your trade depot the more trucks will come in to export/import goods . anyways , that is not your problem . if you have everything set up right and no traffic , here 's more than likely your problem : there is currently ( as of 03/26/2013 ) a regional trade truck bug which causes trucks to get stuck on the regional highway near the entrance of another city . this causes huge problems and results in excess storing up of your goods . i have seen this reported to maxis programmers several times and a patch is incoming to fix it .
the " [Number] player " refers to the level of split-screen mode you are in . so if you set it to " one player , " you will force lower quality models ( and prebaked shadows it seems ) in all game played . if you set it to " two player " and it'll only reduced the quality when you play multiplayer ( 2p and above ) , and so on . it is a nice way to allow people to use better graphics in single player and lower the quailty in split-screen modes , so you can maintain a decent framerate .
in the ~\Documents\Battlefield 2\Profiles folder , you can find various numbered folders containing profile data . inside them you will find the following files : Profile.con : contains your login information such as name , nickname and gamespy account information . everything else : your game settings . all these are text files , which you can manually edit . you can find out which profile was used last by reading the Global.con file . in order to rename your profile , you need to edit the following two lines : LocalProfile.setName "name" LocalProfile.setNick "name"  change name to your desired name . the setNick command defines the name that is displayed on the login screen . the setName defines your in-game name , as seen on the scoreboard . i am not sure if this works with online profiles . if you want to create another profile , you can save yourself the trouble of manually configuring the game again by copying all files but Profile.con in your old profile directory to the new one .
if you do not wish to read the entire answer , the short answer is " no " . if you do , however , then thank you for taking the time to read and i hope you enjoy reading about it as much as i did writing it . i decided to test this out using the spell card " wind " . the spell card 's description when leveling it up : increase wind range and wind size the first part of my research was to test out the spell card when it was one level before the maximum , without using any equipment boosts . here are the results : take note of the size of the wind . when i level up wind so that it is at the maximum , the wind range and wind size should be increased . i will mainly be focusing on the wind size . here are the results of the spell card at the maximum level , with no equipment boosts . as you can see , this one is slightly larger . i tried my best to take the screenshot while both were in the same area . i also tried to get the character in the same position by running all the way to the left and then lightly tapping the right arrow key . next , i added some equipment boosts to the next level in order to see if there would be any changes . i used spellmaster cap in my hat slot , which gives a +1 to all cards , including wind . for my necklace slot , i used thor 's hammer , which gives a +4 to all wind cards . finally , for my ring slot , i used hurricane , which gives a +2 boost to all wind cards . here are the results of the wind card with a +6 boost . now , to take a closer look at the green shapes and their sizes , i have zoomed in on each image , taking the photo in the exact same spot . from the first test to the second test , the size is larger , as expected . however , even with a +6 boost ( which is a lot ) , there is not really a noticeable difference between the second and third test .
the competitive multiplayer split-screen support in mw3 is 2 players on the same screen , not 4 . you can play on xbox live or local via lan , i believe . i have not tested the cooperative spec-ops mode , but i believe it supports 2 players on the same screen . modern warfare 2 did not support split screen , but black ops had 2-player split screen support for multiplayer and zombie mode .
bolt arrows ( and the corresponding " no bolt arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage sunken city . super bomb arrows ( and the corresponding " no super bomb arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage towerforge . feather arrows ( and the corresponding " no feather arrows " variant ) are unlockable by unlocking the stage ascension . dark portals are unlockable by unlocking the purple archer . gunn style is unlockable by going to the credits screen and press left right up up down jump .
the set friend note is for your own personal reference , you can type anything in there that you want . for example , if they are not your realid friends with them and just in game friends , you can set a note to remind you that sorean is really neo matrix . or you can say put into the notes that i play protoss and enjoy adding dark templar 's into my late game play . i am not sure why it is not saving anything for you , but it is working and saving the notes i typed for anyone on my list .
you can use fraps to make screenshots of games .
you can merge a wow account that has not been converted into a battle .netaccount , but not two battle .netaccounts . i was able to do this back when account merge and raf was fairly new . you can recruit myself and immediately added a new wow license to your battle .netaccount ( and dual-box if you wanted to ) . according to this mvp post , as long as you have they are on two separate accounts , you should not lose your raf links/benefits , unless you transfer the characters of the linked account . you would not lose any raf links or benefits . if you transfer characters off of it ( which you can only do after you have upgraded it to vanilla ) , the characters would lose their raf link once transferred off of the linked account . if you want to merge two battle .netaccounts , you will have to contact the accounts and payment department .
yes you can . enter the rig system and hit the right bumper till you get to the database . they should all be there arranged by chapter . you may need to scroll down to see more . they are aranged by type and will appear as though there are blank spaces in the list till you find everything .
as kevin y said , you need to unlock then beat mission 14 to unlock the chocobos , which requires you to beat 13 . . . this is the chain : 1-> 2-> 3-> 5 and 7-> 12-> 13-> 14 . the link has all the location maps for the bosses+cieth stones . after you beat 14 you will find chocobos scattered throughout the archelytte steppes . hope this helps .
there are a number of ways you can handle this , and i will try to break them down for you : roach work baneling style infestor harassment brood lord back dooring roaches are what many people consider the marine 's natural enemy . with high hp ( almost 3 times a marine ) and that 1 base armor its not surprising people would believe this . unlikely in starcraft 1 , marine 's can not upgrade their attack range , so the shorter range of the roach is punished less . the biggest issue you have to worry about with roach based play is where you engage your opponent . ideally you want to engage on open ground , on creep , and with a nice arc . try to remember that because of the roaches ' short range remember to " move " into melee range , instead of " attack move . " baneline style is very popular against mmm in general , and usually used to compliment roach or hydra work . if you initially engage with your roaches ( in more marauder based play you had use hydralisks here ) , and then bring in banelings from the side or behind ( flanking in military terms ) , you can usually make quick work of any marine based force . remember you never attack with banelings , as they explode on death to do damage . instead just " move " near the marine force and let the marines kill them off . i cannot stress how important baneling speed upgrade is against a marine force , even on creep . infestor harassment is also a nice compliment to dealing with marines . while medivac will heal most of the damage quickly , in the middle of a fight , infestors can prevent marines from backing up , while dealing incredible dps ( 9*#of marines ) . they are an excellent compliment to a roach or zergling based strategy . if you are dealing with infestors alone , remember that it will usually require 2 fungal growths to kill a pack of marines ; where " usually " is influenced by the use of stim and the presence of medivacs . if you are coming from a late game air strategy it'll make more sense to use broodlords . brood lords are effective because of their high damage , and because broodlings draw fire from marines . because broodlords are slow , its normally useful to engage from the edge of a cliff , where few marines can hit you . unless you have a very large number of broodlords , this kind of play is unlikely to be effective on its own , and is best complimented with a cheap ground force ( something ling based ) . backdooring is usually an effective technique for shutting down late game terran pushes . terran style tends to be fairly turtle dependent , so most terran players will run for their base when ever its in trouble . you can leverage this with muta harass , zergling drops , or even nydus canal . the very fact that you are in his base will often make a terran call off his assault , giving you more time to prepare . with the exception of the last strategy , all these strategies are what i like to call " meat and potatoes " strategies . they have some method for killing the marines and some method for distracting them . this is because marines are extremely cost effective dps and once they hit critical mass , almost impossible to destroy for a short range based zerg force . you strategy should look something like this : i need something for him to hit ( let 's say ultralisks ) and something to kill him ( let 's say hydralisks , two units i did not recommend ) . you would then engage with your ultra heavy force , backed by long range hydra . the marines will naturally target the ultra who have high hp and armor , while the hydra do the lion 's share of the damage . when designing an anti-marine strategy keep this in mind . i used to include an explanation of arcs here , but i have since moved it
you will need to reclaim items , workshops , etc . as specified in this wiki article .
in the tooltip of your character , it tells you what your current classquest is , e.g. while logging in . see this screenshot : it is meant as some sort of progress through the game and you can also get an achievement on steam for doing a lot of them .
fatigue does matter , even on characters you do not control directly . especially when you need alistair to shield bash that ogre who is holding you up . the armor you equip should depend on the role the character plays . mages and archers for example , are ranged characters who should not be in the middle of things . they should be wearing light armor and robes respectively . tanks should be wearing the heaviest armor they can find ( massive , basically ) so that they can draw the enemies towards them and away from the squishy characters . melee rogues should have enough defense that they barely get hit at all , so light armor is the best . i am not sure about melee warriors with a damage dealing focus , never played them . i have not found a use for medium or heavy armor , always going with light or massive for fighters , and robes for mages . especially since all the good armor sets are massive .
i am pretty sure i know what you are talking about . i experienced this myself as well . it is the sound of reave ' s sound effect looping over and over . i think this is a bug , as i have not yet figured out a consistent way to stop it . you can see this person cast reave here in singleplayer , and the sound effect lasts for a good 20 seconds . i have had it continue to loop for me even after the wave was finished and all the enemies were dead . there does not seem to be anything you can do about it . :/ it is even more annoying than running effect soundlooping in the lobby menu that i have had occur . the only way i can guarantee avoiding it is not teaming with any drell adepts .
i believe letting her die will reward you more ; however this is purley from memory and may not be entirely accurate .
thanks yx_ for your answer . the exact menu choices are as follows : from the main menu choose " start new career " . hit the " a " button to " connect to database " . ( the game will establish a secure connection and take you to the profile reconstruction menu . ) choose " select existing id " on the profile reconstruction menu . select your existing character from the list of available careers . ( careers are listed with the characters name and level . )
a simple explanation . . . travel between dimensions in minecraft is always mediated by portals . gaining access to the nether requires that you build a nether portal out of obsidian blocks , and since endermen can not move obsidian blocks , they can not build the portal to get there . however , movement between the end and the overworld is possible for endermen because : end portals already exist by default in overworld strongholds . the ender dragon has the ability to create a portal leading from the end to the overworld , as evidenced when it is killed by the player . also , endermen just spawn normally in the overworld . if you were to stand on one side of a nether portal with an enderman on the other side and look at him , he would walk forward and travel to the nether , which mobs can do as of 1.4.2 .
http://www.minecraftwiki.net/wiki/bed#sleep_interruption the system is much simpler since the full release — sleep is not allowed within 10 blocks of a hostile mob . quoted from the minecraft wiki . hope this helps .
no , there is nothing uniquely unlocked by completing the single player mode that is not available by completing the multiplayer mode . the benefit of the single player mode is that unlike in the original release on the gameboy advance , this version includes a single player mode and can be played alone . the only other " benefits " to the single player mode aside from the fact that you do not need another person to play is that if you are looking for a challenge , the game can be harder as there is only one of you .
hold on to them next patch tuesday you will be able to buy battle-master commendations patch 1.1.5 notes
no - there is no method built into the game to deviate from these two camera angles . unfortunately without using an unofficial patch/modification there is no way to get anything other than the standard " bumper cam " or very close chase cam .
if you chop down silverwood trees , you can get saplings . plant those within 5-10 spaces from your existing node . as the tree grows , it will produce a new node in the trunk of that tree . they two nodes will merge , and the total aura will increase . i managed to get my node from 60ish up to almost 800 now this way . be aware , that the node will generate flux , and freak out a little each time you merge like this .
the only armors that have a sort of " set bonus " are in the dlcs . all other armors only have the perk bonuses for a matching set . from dawnguard : dawnguard light - 25% less damage from vampires and drain life spells dawnguard heavy - same bonus from dragonborn : ahzidal 's armor - 10% enchanting with the full set deathbrand armor - each piece 's enchantment gets stronger when wearing more pieces of the set also from dragonborn , but weapons : soulrender and bloodscythe - absorb health and magicka , chance to reduce armor and dispel magic when used together
mitigation in neverwinter means exactly what the actual definition of the word means . so for example , ray of enfeeblement has the following description : ray of enfeeblement : over several seconds , deal damage to your enemy while decreasing their damage and mitigation . debuff duration increased based on stack of arcane mastery so , what this all means is for a period of time you have lowered the targets ability to reduce the damage from your incoming attacks . well how is the target mitigating ( there is that word again ) damage from your attacks in the first place ? good question , glad you asked . damage resistance is mitigation . damage resistance decreases the amount of damage you take from incoming attacks . defense helps to increase this stat . therefore , if you put this all together using what you just learned ( stay with me now ) it goes something like this . . . " target x " has a damage resistance stat 21.2% . you cast ray of enfeeblement on target x which reduces his damage mitigation by 15% . over the next several seconds , target x 's damage resistance ( ie : mitigation ) is effectively 6.2% 21.2% - 15% = 6.2%
if you have more units that depend on a strategic resource than you have of that resource , you will suffer a significant combat penalty , see the " strategic resource penalty " line item below : in this case , you will see a negative number on the top status bar by the strategic resource you are lacking . it does not matter how your strategic resources get into the negatives - you can have a trade deal expire , lose territory , or have an improvement pillaged , the effect is the same . 50% lost strength is a severe penalty - it makes these units worse than contemporary units that do not require resources ( ie , it makes a swordsman worse than a spearman ) and can even make the unit weaker than units of previous eras . the quantity you are over does not seem to matter , either . you can be -1 or -5 with the same 50% penalty . i tested this just now on a hotseat game between two players that were running different difficulty levels . the difficulty level did not seem to impact it either . further , i tried two different units , a swordsman and a roman legion and both had the same penalty applied . another side effect of going into the negatives is that any unit you were building that depends on that resource will immediately cancel . when i reconnected the strategic resource , i was able to resume production where it left off . i do not believe patch or dlc matters , but for the record this was in a game with all the current expansions/dlc ( civ5 gold , gods and kings , brave new world ) available .
the radial menu is defined in Steam\steamapps\common\alien swarm\swarm\scripts\radialmenu.txt , you can edit this file to change its functionality . the radial menu has 9 items , which are defined by their position : center , north , northeast , etc . each item has command and text properties - text is how the item shows up in the radial menu , command is executed when you select it in-game . you can chain multiple commands with a semicolon . the commands you will likely want to use are say ( followed by some text , no quotes necessary ) , cl_emote ( followed by one of the emote codes , display an emote ) and cl_chatter ( followed by a chatter code , makes your marine say one of his lines ) . emote codes 0 - Medic! 1 - Out of ammo 2 - Smile 3 - Hold position 4 - Follow me 5 - Be careful 6 - Anime smile 7 - Ready?  chatter codes ( only relevant ones , see full list here ) example custom radial menu in this example the central item will display a smiling emote , have you marine say thanks and write " thanks mate ! " to chat , cardinal direction items will announce that you are covering these directions , top left will display a warning sign and have your marine urge caution , bottom left will have your marine announce he is taking point , top right will display the " go " emote and bottom right will display the " stop " emote .
they are randomly generated . and here 's a great news for you . i have created a little webpage for generating the same exact names that are found on portal 2 coop end credits . see http://ericgagnon.net/portal2jobtitle ( refresh to get a new job title ) . it is a rest service so you guys can actually use it for your own apps or you can also get the source code in php . where you can find the list : inside XYZ:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steamapps\common\portal 2\portal2\scripts\vscripts\credits\credits_coop.nut there is a section that contains job prefixes , middle and suffixes : and on line 639 of that same file , there is the script that randomly generates the job title :
make sure you do not delete the " meta-inf " for the server . this will corrupt it . also make sure you download the server mod . not the client mod
each vote gives the player an extra warzone commendation . each vote also provides you with 50 extra valor points . votes are given by players to other players based on their performance ( or whoever they feel like ) . to address mufasa 's comment/question : you can only vote for your own team . you cannot vote for yourself . again , you can only vote for your own team . sometimes the ui bugs out at the moment and you will not see the little shield icon to vote , just hit ctrl + u two times and it will reload your ui and let you vote .
not all merchants have replacements . anoriath in the whiterun market certainly does not , if you are looking for a specific counterexample . there are a number of other merchants in whiterun who do not appear to have " understudies , " such as arcadia , eorlund , elrindir , and the other market merchants . ysolda will take over the bannered mare if hulda is killed . i do not know of any way ( other than experimentation ) to determine which vendors will be replaced . i do not believe alvor has a replacement if he is killed . when he was killed by a dragon attack in my game , i resurrected him in the console ( though i have not used him since ) .
yes , there are some side quests that are not marked . if you scan a planet and find an anomaly there , this means there is a mission on that planet . they are pretty short , but somewhat more varied than the side missions of mass effect 1 . according to the mass effect 2 wiki there are 38 anomalies that each represent a side mission ( do not follow the link if you want to remain unspoiled ) .
the " interact " button ( default e ) can be used to arm mcoms with the eod bot . the repair tool ( fire key , default left mouse ) can repair friendly vehicles , damage enemy vehicles , and also disarm/dispose of enemy explosives , such as c4 . it can also kill , just like the normal repair tool , although getting close enough to do so can be tricky . you can " aim " the repair torch to an extent by moving your mouse , but there is no control for moving the torch arm around any more than that .
no , without access to the console for the pc , there is still no way of getting around this . you will have to wait for a patch .
to answer your title 's question , strange flamethrowers only count kills done by that weapon 's fire damage . this is either through direct damage ( w + m1 ) or the afterburn . it does not count reflects sadly . taken straight from the tf2 wiki 's strange page : the following actions do not increase the total kill count : killing an enemy with a compression blast . strange - tf2 wiki as for kill counts , i have a strange degreaser and flare gun too and my flare gun does have a lot more than the degreaser . my guess is in how i play . i tend to ignite , air blast and follow up with a flare gun shot or the axtinguisher . i reflect a lot also ( but those kills do not count ) . if at range i use the flare gun for ignitions and annoying . since the afterburn damage on the degreaser is less , then you are less likely to get a kill from that than the other flamethowers . also if you do the air blast and flare gun , the flare gun 's afterburn will override the degreaser 's so if you get the kill after that , it is for the flare gun . i would so love a separate counter on my degreaser for reflect kills , like the sentry kill count on the engy 's wrench .
ap kennen obviously benefits from anything that gives ap or reduces cooldowns . he also needs to have a fair amount of survivability in order to effectively utilize his ultimate ( zhonya 's hourglass is popular for exactly that reason ) . sheen is strong on him given how often he fires off his skills ; following up with the auto-attack provides that extra layer of burst damage . zeal ( the second part of trinity force ) , however , gives him nothing at all except some move speed . . . which he gets through lightning rush anyway . phage is nice-ish for its health , but the extra attack damage and the on-hit slow effect are not very helpful . this item is surpassed on him entirely by ryeli 's crystal scepter . once you build your trinity force , the sheen effect gets stronger , but you are spending a lot of money for that benefit . lich bane has the advantage here because , as ap kennen , your ap will be much higher than your ad and you get the advantage of suddenly doing truckloads of ad from lich bane procs . in short : do not bother with trinity force . lich bane is a superior upgrade of sheen , especially with other items you should seriously consider ( rylei 's and zhonya 's ) .
zerg 's main advantage in starcraft is that they can produce workers at absurd rates compared to protoss or terran players . while doing so prevents them from building other units , the goal of most zerg players is to secure an economic advantage and then just barely hold off enemy attacks by producing last minute combat units . this allows them to hold a slight lead for the entire game and then finish it with the typical zerg lategame army : brood lord/infestor/roach/queen . there are two scenarios where you stop droning : there is something your opponent could be doing that would cause you to lose to his next attack . hopefully you have scouted this , but often you have to just assume he is planning a soon-to-hit attacking force due to the information that you have been able to scout . if you drone during this time and have guessed wrong , there is a good chance you will lose the game . most zerg players cut corners slightly and continuously scout what they can of the opponent 's base and his exit ramp with zerglings and overlords . when they see their opponent pushing out or amassing an army , they cut droning completely . alternatively , you should stop droning after you hit about 70-80 drones in a typical game . some top players prefer to peak at 90-100 drones before building dozens of spine/spore crawlers and then beginning a lategame zerg push . this mastery of the endgame is probably pretty foreign to newer players , though , so just stick to a hard limit of about 80 and you should be well off . finally , worth noting is the stephano method for zerg , which plays very differently but has caught on due to his success . he focuses more on a balanced composition ( building drones at about the rate terran or protoss players would , rather than all at once ) and takes the offensive in early-midgame with roach attacks to ensure that his opponents are not playing greedy .
zodiac weapons . . . are required to get a gold laurel wreath on the level . unlock more weapon fusion options , though they still do not seem to be special in any way . unlock a square in the treasure hunt grid , required for finishing the treasure hunt and 100% completion .
light vs heavy bows i think there are objective answers to 1 . dps is frankly a minimal concern with bows considering : the real damage from bows comes from sneak attacks . both light and heavy bows will get the first shot at the same time ( t = 0 ) and then get one or two after that . ( personally , i would rather trade a bit of dps for higher initial damage . it is better to not need that second shot for me . ) you are not rapid-firing them , so even if the max speed differential is x% the actual differential is usually lower than that . plus you can miss . to get that higher dps you have to actually connect . it gets easier with bullet time , of course . it is not even a big difference . a daedric bow only weighs 4 ( pounds ? ) more than a glass bow , so it fires around 15% slower . the real question should be whether you want to conserve perks and what fits best from a role-playing perspective . the faster dps from light bows really comes from things like the long bow , where you would obviously be giving up a considerable amount of damage . but it is hard to say where on the continuum the next lightest bow is better than the next heaviest bow . in-game vs crafted smithing and enchanting will allow you to create much better weapons and armor than you will find in-game . add in alchemy and the difference is huge . this is especially true for items like the nightingale bow and other items where no smithing perks apply . in fact , <a href="stackexchange-url any bow for which you have a smithing perk can potentially be crafted to exceed the nightingale bow in damage . you do not really even have to exploit anything here ; if you have enchanting at 100 you can obviously add the same effects and with smithing at 100 you can definitely make a stronger bow .
no , they do not , they are just skins .
she stands around at the hidden camp before quest 8 , right at the edge of the cliff . like captain rumford in new tristram she always only has one topic at a time , and one of these topics will make her drop her poem .
floating islands are generally natural formations that are made on the map , however you are free to create them yourself . basically , any block outside of sand and gravel do not actually obey gravity , and simply stay in place when the block below them is destroyed ( or when placed adjacent to another block with nothing underneath it ) . using this simple concept , you can create your own floating platforms by first building using a grounded scaffold , and then destroying the scaffold . if you " sneak " ( check your configuration for the key ) then you will not fall off the edge of any block , so you can place several adjacent blocks while on top of your platform by looking over the edge of the platform and placing a block . this will allow you to create vast floating platforms . as for lava you need a bucket crafted and a lava source block , that is , a block of lava that is not " flowing " . you can than harvest the lava source block while holding the bucket and right clicking on the lava source block . you can then place this like any other block ( and lava will start to flow from the source block ) .
the china rising bomber is deployed from one of the control points that is held by your team on conquest mode . the trailer you need to enter is a yellow " portable " box with a radar disk on the side . once you enter it , the system connects you to an inbound bomber which flys fairly quickly across the map . the bomber can drop 4 jdam bombs and a cruise missile during each " load " and if you are quick you can get two loads per run . you can click on the ground where the bombs are to be deployed to , however with a 5-6 second flight time they are not suited to moving targets , more likely meant for stationary infantry and vehicles . you cannot control the speed or direction of the plane , but you can deploy a bank of 30 flares to avoid any missiles fired at it . once you get a kill you unlock the suav for the recon kit , a small , battery powered , remote-controllable plane that can spot enemies , lase targets , and ( currently ) roadkill as many people as you can hit before the battery runs out . once the plane has finished it is run and you exit the command unit , there is a cooldown timer before it can be used again .
a simple way , no . to natural ai forces your army to clump up so in order to get a quick concave you will have to do it manually . you simply need to practice the mouse movements to split your army . precise boxing of a few of your units and clicking away to split your army is key to splitting . there is a practice map on the na servers that allows practice of marine splitting versus banelings . it is called marine split challenge .
according to game designer anthony ordon : you’ll have enough to make any two you’d like if you play all five days . but : any rewards tied to a specific day will be attainable when those days are available for replay at the end . while tixx is in lion 's arch , you will be able to select which frame you want to build at the start of the event . if you have not built this frame before , you will receive the frame , 100 cogs , and 250 glue/stuffing . if you have built the frame before you will have your choice of wintersday gifts . by talking to tixx in lion 's arch , you will also gain access to the cheat beside him which will contain an additional 200 cogs . things brings the total number of attainable cogs to 700 . the wintersday finale gift was changed from being a chest in lion 's arch to being a mailed gift . in this gift , you will receive 250 cogs ( among other things ) . you will receive this even if you opened the chest pre-patch . this brings the total number of possible cogs to 950 meaning you can make 3 minis !
those are cosmetic . only the stars count . you can i mprove your score by finishing a round in one of the following ways . hole in one - for this , you have to get the star by drawing a single line old school , and - for this , you should not touch the ball or draw any pins awesome - the user marks a solution " awesome " . you can look for some sample solutions on youtube walkthroughs for each . : )
they are slotted as other mods . your frame 's mod slots will have four slots with an '=' in the upper right corner . these indicate that they are polarized so that a mod slotted there will only require half as many ranks to slot as its cost would indicate , and the '=' type marking is reserved for frame powers . if you are only just starting out , you will not be able to slot all four of them yet ( you will have all four in your inventory ; they are gained at the same time you acquire the frame that uses them ) , but leveling up your frame increases the number of slot ranks available .
i can not really tell you why your autopilot does not work , setting destination should work fine unless you accidentaly put raneilles on to your " avoid system " autopilot blacklist . but you can of course always fly manually if the autopilot fails you ( happens more often than you might think ) and plan your route with out of game resources like dotlan . i prepared a navigation link on dotlan for you here : http://evemaps.dotlan.net/route/clellinon:raneilles
each difficulty level has it is own crafting materials . for example , in nightmare mode , subtle essence is replaced by shimmering essence , and fallen teeth is replaced by lizard eyes . once you start needing drops from a higher difficulty to train your smith in higher levels , you can know that you will not be able to craft anything learned at those higher levels without materials from those higher difficulties . so , in short , no , there is no real benefit to doing this . you can also browse all of the crafting recipes , sorted by smithing level over at blizzards game guide site . as you can see , level 5 crafted items learned via training require level 30 or above , at which point , you should be in nightmare mode . if you are learning these recipes while you are still in normal mode act ii , you are either severely overleveled , or you are already at a point where you can craft things long before you are able to use them .
i believe anyone in a multiplayer game can skip dialog or cutscenes , and the skip effects everyone in the game . sometimes it is just enough to say " hey , i have not played this yet , do you mind ? " - but at other times you might want to just go solo for your first playthrough . if , however , you are committed to playing with others , and those others are being unreasonable-poopy-head-dialog-skippers , you can review the quest dialog and cinematics at your own pace whenever you wish . in addition to using the main menu cinematics option ( as has been already suggested ) to see the in-game cinematics that occur between chapters and at major plot milestons , there is a good database of all the dialog in the game , for each class , on the diablo 3 db pages . for example , this link will show you the quest dialog for the very first quest in the game . i tend to play diablo 3 via a " non-steam game " shortcut , which gives me the steam overlay . with the overlay 's browser , you can be on the db while you game .
the damage_amount part of the /give player data_value:damage_amount quantity notation only works when you install the essentials plugin for bukkit . for example : /give player_name 35:1 quantity gives you orange wool /give player_name 35:2 quantity gives you magenta wool /give player_name 44:3 quantity gives you cobblestone slabs /give player_name 358:1 quantity gives you map_1 note that this syntax also works for the /i command , except it does not require the player_name variable ( giving yourself ) .
the key is that speed of zombie spawning is somewhat controlled by how fast you kill them , so try to make it as slow as possible . potato mines are great early on . snow peas are also good at doing slow damage . and of course you can just throw up walls for them to slowly eat through . buy yourself enough time and you should have no problem getting enough sunflowers going .
if there is actually an illusory wall , it will take precedence over reading the message when you hit the interact button . many of these " illusory wall " messages are in fact fake and attempts at trolling . so , if you find an illusory wall message , try getting close and interacting . if it does not work , then the message was a lie .
nope , actually it is better to load all possible mods and dlcs and start the new game than adding them at different times or loading previous games . bugs and textures and so will be overwriten or constant rather than making sudden changes in your savegames which can lead to missing file/texture for other mods . . . which will cause avalanche of crashes . note : dlcs are official and are bug tested ( mostly ) , adding many mods ( community ) will make serious problems as gametime goes on .
no , the rocket boots can not be found in any chests , do not drop from shadow orbs or bosses . . . list of treasures around the terraria world please note that most coins and hearts are not included . the following items can drop when you break pots : stack of bombs stack of lesser healing potions stack of torches stack of wooden arrows the following items can be found in any chests , they take up the other slots : stack of arrows stack of bottles stack of copper bars stack of iron bars stack of jester 's arrows stack of gold bars stack of gold coins stack of lesser healing potions stack of silver bars stack of torches stack of shuriken the following items can only be found in buried chests : angel statue band of regeneration cloud in a bottle dynamite enchanted boomerang hermes boots magic mirror the following items can only be found in underwater chests : breathing reed flipper the following items can only be found in floating island house chests : lucky horseshoe shiny red ballon starfury the following items can only be found in jungle shrine chests : anklet of the wind feral claws staff of regrowth the following items can only be found in dungeon chests : aqua scepter blue moon cobalt shield hand gun magic missile muramasa the following items can drop from shadow orbs : ball ' o hurt band of starpower musket with a stack of musket balls orb of light vilethorn the first shadow orb broken in a world ( not destroyed with dynamite ) will always drop a musket and several musket balls , from then on the drop is chosen at random from the list above . the following items can drop from the eye of cthulhu : stack of corrupt seeds stack of demonite ores stack of lesser healing potions stack of unholy arrows the following items can drop from the eater of worlds : shadow helmet shadow greaves shadow scalemail stack of demonite ores stack of shadow scale the skeletron only drops stacks of lesser healing potions , but gives you free access to the dungeon . the following items can drop from the bone serpent : flamelash sunfury and then there are still the monster drops , i find the following confirmed ones worth listing : hook by skeletons , dead miners and piranhas ; used to form a grappling hook later . vine by man eater jungle armor by man eater and hornets rocket boots by goblins harpoon by goblins spiky ball by goblins
there is no karma system in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning , you can do whatever you want and it wont really change anything in the game world ( except very few exceptions like the canneroc village , where you can change the fate of the village but it still wont have any impact on the rest of the game other then the village itself ) . quote from ign review by colin moriarty : there is not a karma system of any kind in kingdoms of amalur : reckoning . you do make choices throughout the game , but none of them are consequential enough to slant you down one direction or the other . doing something like slaughtering villagers will catch the attention of local authorities , however , who will attempt to arrest you . then again , you could fight them , pay them off , or break out of jail if you had like . . . so the answer to your entitled question is : no , your bad/good karma will not catch up to you .
i havent ever played pes but pro clubs is probably your best best , where you play as your virtual pro . you can invite friends and you make your own club , picking kits etc . you also play in cups for xp and upgrade your stadiums etc .
i tried this out recently , and all i could find was at wsgf but it works pretty well . since then , this is now officially fixed in battlefield 2 patch 1.5: i can confirm the latest battlefield 2 patch ( version 1.5 ) " fixed " the widescreen issues . although the main menu and some hud bars are stretched , and not in " proper " view .
you can not buy any traps or weapons that are naturally unlocked through the story with skulls . you can see what is and is not available for purchase in your spellbook . where most traps have the number of skulls needed to purchase them , story unlocks have a little shield that will show what is needed to unlock them upon mouseover . your friend is either lying or he is mis-remembering something . perhaps he purchased an upgrade for them , seeing as how they are unlocked very early in the story .
as it happens i was able to solve this problem because i store all of my game save files in dropbox , which i have discovered gives me the ability to undelete deleted files and directories , so while this worked for me , it is not of general usefulness . i do , however , recommend storing save files on a cloud storage platform for easy transfer between machines , backup and now for precisely this sort of situation . in the case of dropbox , it is necessary to create symbolic links from the place where windows expects the save files to be to the dropbox . to do this , one opens a command prompt window with adminstrator privileges : these instructions for windows 7/vista . everything except the " mklink " command can of course be done using the gui . directory locations may vary depending on your local setup .
virtually all games on the xbox do not let you change the soundtrack . you could hook a cd player up to your receiver , or something like that though .
trendee , i will try to list all of the rare and promotional skins . source - all champion skins ---- two skins you can get fairly easily right now : unchained alistar - subscribe to riot games ' youtube channel riot girl tristana - " like " on facebook *note that i will not list most of the legacy skins ; however , i will list legacy skins that were given out during promotions . all star akali - 975 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) black alistar - ( limited - digital pre-order ) vancouver amumu - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) regifted amumu - 520 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) team spirit anivia - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) goth annie - included in digital collector 's pack ( 3900 rp ) frankentibbers annie - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) rusty blitzcrank - ( limited - discontinued 17.01.2010 ) goalkeeper blitzcrank - 520 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) definitely not blitzcrank - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) arctic warfare caitlyn - 975 rp or pc gamer promo , north america ( if you did not get this from the promotion , you can still buy it ) nightmare cho'gath - 520 rp ( legacy ; used to be free through partnership with alienware ) ufo corki - free for accounts created before 14.01.2010 ( limited ) ice toboggan corki - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) mundo mundo - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) striker ezreal - 520 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) union jack fiddlesticks - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) pumpkinhead fiddlesticks - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) toy soldier gangplank - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) santa gragas - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) snowmedinger - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) victorious jarvan iv - limited : gold or platinum medal in season 1 the mighty jax - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) pax jax** - limited : pax 2010 or pax east 2011 festival kassadin - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) red card katarina - 975 rp ( limited - football world cup in rpa 2010 ) kitty cat katarina - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) silver kayle - collector 's edition judgement kayle - limited : 10 matched games in season 1 reindeer kog'maw - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) festive maokai - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2011 ) candy cane miss fortune - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) k-9 riot nasus - meet rioter personally snow bunny nidalee - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) bewitching nidalee - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) haunting nocturne - 520 rp ( limited - harrowing 2011 ) workshop nunu - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) lollipoppy poppy - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) ragdoll poppy - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) king rammus - limited : closed beta testers human ryze - ( limited - amazon/gamestop pre-order ) champion ryze - win certain lol events zombie ryze - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) nutcracko - 975 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) riot squad singed - limited : meet rioter personally ( before gamescom 2011 ) huntress sivir - direct 2 drive or gamer 's choice pack pax sivir* - limited : pax prime 2011 goodie bags silent night sona - 520 rp ( limited - snowdown 2010 ) happy elf teemo - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) earnest elf tristana - ( limited - snowdown 2009 ) viking tryndamere - 975 rp or promotion code from dreamhack summer 2011 pax twisted fate - limited : pax 2009 whistler village twitch - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) ) medieval twitch - 50 referred friends with raf 2.0 ( 350 with raf 1.0 ) curling veigar - ( limited - winter olympics in vancouver 2010 ) nosferatu vladimir - 975 rp ( limited - harrowing 2010 ) grey warwick - 25 reffered friends with raf 2.0 ( 50 with raf 1.0 ) urf the manatee - 5000 rp ( 99% sales during first week ) ( limited - april 's fool 2010 ) winger hussar xin zhao - 975 rp or help with bug testing polish client version old st . zilean - ( limited - ( 23.12.2009 - 27.12.2009 ) ) i have been to pax east 2012 this year , and have gathered some knowledge about the pax skins . *pax sivir could be obtained @riot games booth at pax east 2012 . **pax jax was difficult to obtain at pax east 2012 , but was still available then . i had to win it from this " spin to win " wheel of fortune type game there .
as of the latest build , the quickest and most direct way to unselect a target is to bind the Lock Autotarget to an easily accessible key on your keyboard . despite what the tooltip might suggest , tapping the assigned key will untarget anything you are currently targeting .
heimskr 's house is close to the gildergreen tree in the center of whiterun , very close to the shrine of talos where heimskr preaches during the day . the uesp 's map of skyrim might be useful if you are having trouble finding it . if you have completed a certain quest : the civil war quest " battle for whiterun " his house will have been blocked by debris . in this case , it will be inaccessible permanently . if you are doing a thieves ' guild radiant quest , ( and i am pretty sure you are , as this is the only reason to go to his house for a quest ) just go back to vex and quit the quest in this case . you can quit these quests and ask for new ones at any time with no penalty ( besides some snarky responses from the questgivers ) .
no stopping power or juggernaut type perks . killstreaks are not stackable . you will have to earn all the killstreak rewards yourself theater mode . you can actually record gameplay without a capture card sleight of hand pro will not increase the speed of aiming down sights for sniper rifles all snipers rifles with be one-hit kills from the chest up . you can actually see what your character will look like based on the tier 1 perk you choose . wager match game types : sticks and stones , sharpshooter , one in the chamber and gun game combat training -- you can play computer controlled bots on multiplayer maps some multiplayer maps have interactive environments scavenger will only resupply ammunition and lethal grenades the equipment slot regional match making - it will be easier to find player closer to you customizable game mode - you can now share these types of games with other players weapons prestige - your weapons can now prestige like players can .
complete list of pictures of this building ( travian v4.2 ) :
from nintendo 's help page : error code : 006-0105 situation : you were disconnected while using an online feature , such as pokémon bank . what to do : if you receive this error code , move closer to your wireless router or access point and try again . if the issue persists , review your dns settings , and update the settings to auto-obtain . [ how to ] if this is already set to auto-obtain , you may try entering an alternate dns , such as google 's dns . [ how to ] situation not resolved : if the issue continues for an extended amount of time , please contact nintendo by calling 1-800-255-3700 . representatives are available from 6 a.m. to 7 p.m. , pacific time , 7 days a week . in short , you were disconnected when you were running pokemon bank ( went out of your router 's wi-fi range , router disconnected , etc . ) , and reconnecting and staying connected should fix the problem .
i am not sure if i understand you correctly , but i will try and provide as much info as possible : default patterns : from the moment you begin the game , you have 10 default pattens in your pockets ( accessible via the pencil icon on your touch screen ) . you can use these patterns as a hat or an umbrella by simply selecting the pattern and pressing wear ; this prompts you to choose between a hat or umbrella . these patterns can also be displayed on the ground and many choose to create paths using them . if you want to do this , simply select " display on ground " instead of " wear " . custom patterns : if you wish to make a custom pattern ( your own design ) and make it from scratch , you need to talk to mabel and she will ask if you want to make a pro design or save a design . simply click " make a pro design " . it is at this stage she prompts you to choose whether you want to make a shirt ( prompts for further details such as sleeve length ) , a dress or a hat ( which can also be used as an umbrella ) . it costs 500 bells to make a design and the pattern must replace one of the existing 10 default patterns , much like previous animal crossing games . you can then decide to display them in the shop or wear them . to wear them , simply select the pattern ( assuming you made a pro design ) from your pockets and select wear . if it is a pro design or a hat/umbrella , it will prompt accordingly . foreign patterns other third-party designs or patterns other players have made can be obtained by using the qr machine . this machine allows a player to scan a qr code with the 3ds camera which then asks if you wish to overwrite one of your patterns with the newly found qr pattern . you get to preview the pattern first which is handy . the machine appears in the shop 7-10 days after you first speak to sable , but you must speak with her once a day , every day until it appears . you can also save your designs and export/share them by creating your own qr codes using this machine . extra info : further details about ables and patterns can be found here . a great resource for popular qr designs can be found here .
weekly events are over and commendation packs for completing those events no longer are attainable . all weapons are now available through the packs in the store ( purchasable by credits or bioware points ) . patch notes : collector rifle is also in the store packs as a rare .
the closest you can come to this is to download a diablo 2 character editor and adding an item into your inventory ( if its a ladder only item such as a rune word or a unique charm , you can just create a similar item with the same stats as the rune word ) .
well , erm , i am not exactly sure how to tell you this , but . . . hammerfight supports gamepads out of the box . i just booted it up with my wireless xbox 360 gamepad plugged in , and it picked it up immediately . the only thing you have to do is disable multy-mouse in the settings .
ambush is in act 1 scene 2 . i believe it to be the 5th section source : http://guides.gamepressure.com/tomclancysrainbowsixvegas2/guide.asp?id=4544 ( right hand side )
because master yi cannot be slowed , he does not receive the debuff or any stacks , preventing him from being stunned . http://na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2052671
smite has 5 roles , each specializing in " the usual moba fit " , but some cases offering more . the main conquest map has 3 lanes and a jungle . lanes are short , mid , and long as defined by distance between towers . guardian - generally the tanks in the game . they can take a beating and support the team with lots of cc abilities . however , there are damage oriented guardians ( hades , ares , athena ) that can also be just as threatening as the other damage dealing roles . guardians are usually in the long lane with the hunter hunter - the ranged damage dealer of the team . generally needs the help of guardian 's cc to secure many kills . there are hunters with good survivability like nieth , ah muzen cab , and cupid that they can fend for themselves in the short lane as well . hunters are mainly in the long lane with guardians assassin - assassins spend most of their time in the jungle and gank ( ambush ) enemies who are out of place to deal lots of damage very quickly . some assassins can partner up with warriors in the short lane , or guardians in the long lane to be beneficial as well . assassins jungle warrior - kind of a mixture between assassins and guardians . they hit pretty hard , but can also take a beating . warriors are often solo in the short lane or with the assassin . they are designed to be the " jack of all trades , master of none " . warriors generally solo the short lane mage - a mixture between hunter and assassin , mages deal incredible damage at range , but are very very squishy . some mages ( aphrodite , chang'e , and hel ) work well in the short lane helping the warrior with their incredible healing capabilities and generally build/work as guardians instead . mages spend their time solo in mid lane the current most common meta is 1-1-2 with jungler . i have seen different games where 2-1-2 , and 1-2-1 with jungle work as well though . it boils down to teamwork , awareness , and knowing your role .
execution if a champion dies and has not been damaged or debuffed by another champion in the last 10 seconds , it is an execution . otherwise , the kill is awarded to the enemy champion who last dealt damage . executions are generally caused by a turret , minion , or monster . an execution offers no gold but still gives experience to nearby champions on the opposite team . also from the wiki like 2 inches further down . so basically , if you exhaust an enemy champion at 9 seconds after the damage you dealt it gets reset . the only way for them to dive a tower or minion wave and commit suicide is if it has been 10 seconds since any enemy has inflicted any kind of debuf or damage .
the save file format used in skyrim for xbox , once it has been extracted from the xbox save file container file , is identical to the format used on pc and only needs its file extension changed from .dat to .ess . the game engines are also identical . so the answers to your questions are yes , yes , and yes .
no . from all my searching , i never found one , or the parts to make one . you will be able to return later for a follow up mission , missing person , which you find on the job board in wellspring . you can also return to the ghost hideout while roaming freely . i just tested and got in the door .
mutagens boost your abilities which allow a mutagen slot . you can loot one from a defeated enemy or you can create one as a byproduct of alchemy . to apply a mutagen , go into quick menu and choose meditation ( default key : ctrl ) , then select the character option and find an ability that has a mutagen slot ( list of abilities with mutagen slots ) . the mutation cannot be reversed . mutagens usually take one of three forms : lesser , basic and greater . each of these forms raises the character’s statistics , but by a different amount : critical effects mutagen : increases the chance of causing critical effect . range mutagen : increases the range of the aard , igni and axii signs . vitality mutag : increases vitality . power mutagen : increases sword damage . strength mutagen : increases damage reduction . concentration mutagen : increases sign damage . madness mutagen : +2 armor , +5 vitality enhancement mutagen : increases adrenaline generation on hitting foe
yes , there a quite a few ways . come with me on an adventure in redstone optimization ! you can place redstone repeaters behind each of the pistons as shown below . this will direct the input into the piston and prevent those annoying loops that usually do not accomplish anything . this will take up much less space , but uses a total of 18 redstone dust . a more redstone efficient design would be this . it uses only 11 redstone dust . other players not required . this method works because a piston can be powered by an adjacent powered block . this design ( courtesy of tristan ) uses a minimalistic 7 redstone . the lever powers both the block that it occupies and the block it attaches to . the hole on the right is required to keep the signals going to the two pistons separate . finally , this uses a measly 4 redstone . since you are powering 4 pistons , i think 4 redstone is likely as low as you are going to get . science !
i was about to say that this is not possible , but then i remembered about eve meep . you can sort transactions by item , region , system , station , character/corporation , and date via the transactions tab , and you can even save the filter for later use . it also has a reprocessing tab . it has a bunch of other functions as well , but those are the ones you were specific about . it is a tad outdated , to me , and it runs a tad slow , but it has not crashed or failed in the five or ten minutes i have been beating on it , so it should be fairly stable .
if you are headed for the lab , it has an excellent place to gain xp . it is a short corridor ( two screens ) with 4 enemies giving 100 xp each . just run back and forth right there and you will get to level 35+ pretty fast . this room is on the second floor , right where you flip the switch to open access to the 3rd floor : image comes from this useful walkthrough which also recommends the same room for getting xp .
look in your in-game encyclopedia , under ' advanced ' in the personal menu ( the top button on the left ) . teladianium should be under " bio " . from there you will get a description , pricing information , and locations of where it is made , sold , and purchased . the last three will only list places that you have found in your exploration . more information here . if that fails , there should be teladianium in the sector ceo 's buckzold .
the short explanation is that you stay in shadow form 95% of the time , throw dots on everything , then sit back and watch the enemy 's face melt . remember that you can still cast discipline spells , namely power word : shield . the only reason to leave shadow form is to cast an emergency heal ( or three , since they are going to be pretty wimpy as a shadow priest ) . dots you learn three main damage-over-time spells , which are pretty self-explanatory : shadow word : pain devouring plague vampiric touch if the enemy 's face is not melting fast enough for you , you can use mind flay or mind blast to speed things up . once its health drops below 25% , finish it off with shadow word : death . you should be able to easily juggle multiple enemies at a time by casting dots on everything , then using psychic scream ( or dispersion ) to keep them off you until they die . for me , this worked all the way through to level 80 where mobs started to get beefier . mana shadow priests get a lot of mana replenishment abilities . you will definitely want to use glyph of spirit tap , which replenishes mana when you kill an enemy using shadow word : death , and masochism / glyph of shadow word : death which replenishes mana when you do not kill an enemy using shadow word : death . eventually you will learn shadowfiend , a temporary pet that gives you mana when it attacks , and dispersion , which replenishes a bunch of mana and prevents 90% of damage for a few seconds . mind spike once you hit level 81 you will learn mind spike . along with the mind melt talent , this gives you an alternate way to open combat : instead of applying dots , you can cast mind spike twice then follow up with an instant-cast , guaranteed-critical mind blast which ( with paralysis ) stuns the target for 4 seconds . if the mob is not already below 25% health after that assault , you can just throw out another spike or a mind flay before finishing it off with shadow word : death .
exhausting also reduces attack and ability damage : slows movement speed by 40% and reduces ( auto/basic ) attack damage by 70% and ability/item damage by 35% . and if you have improved from talents it also reduces resists improves exhaust to also reduce the target 's armor and magic resistance by 10 for the duration . source
you need to crouch jump to reach the ledge from the tires . i believe transall was not referring to this area when he mentioned the ramp , as there are no container boxes on which you can stand here — you can only stand on the ones around the central control point .
in most documentation i have seen it referred to as the " funny face crusher " hyper combo . it is only available at or above photography level 3 . it is an air grab move so your opponent must be airborne in order for frank to perform this attack . it is performed with a z on the directional control starting with forward ( towards your opponent ) ( forward , down , down-forward ) followed by 2 attack buttons . these details can be found on the character guide and on the wikia ( where they oddly call it " funny face circuit" ) this hyper is not mashable but you can actually net more hits and damage by spinning the joystick around repeatedly during the giant swing animation . funny face crusher leaves the opponent in an untechable knockdown state and frank can actually continue to combo after this move by using the heavy version of tools of survival . . . when continuing a combo after funny face crusher , always remember that the hyper will leave you on the opposite side of where you started . . .
after doing some testing , it seem to be quite random . either random between all the plant ( survival endless ) or random between a row ( in the adventure ) . what worked best was to play the adventure however and ever . in the level that correspond to row of the plant i am going , there is reasonable probability that i will have it after getting a few . not sure , but improve the odd over playing survival endless .
you can only get this challenge by using sam b ' s tackle skill . from the wiki : 25 enemies need to be rammed at level one . 50 enemies need to be rammed at level two . 250 enemies need to be rammed at level three . 500 enemies need to be rammed at level four . here is a youtube video for demonstration :
as per johnoboy 's link , i had reinstalled the game and the problem promptly disappeared .
@deutschzuid is right on . in diablo ii , rakanishu is a unique carver mob that always spawns next to the cairn stones in stony field . rakanishu is a super unique carver found in the stony field next to the cairn stones that activate the portal to tristram during the search for cain quest . ( diablo wiki ) it is also said by event mobs in diablo iii . an " avatar of rakanishu " makes a cameo in the dahlgur oasis and drops a unique named weapon . there is a randomized event in the dalghur oasis that is tied to rakanishu in diablo iii as well . several fallen members on top of a hill are seen performing a ritual at a stone surrounded by 5 other stones . upon destruction of the 5 stones , an avatar of rakanishu arrives . killing him prompts the optional objective to destroy the stone he arrived at , before the event is completed . the 5 stones surrounding the center are also a nod to the cairn stones from act i of diablo ii . the title shown when targeting the avatar of rakanishu is ' fallen demigod ' . this is most likely why the fallen ones sometimes utter his name as a war cry . ( diablo wiki )
the domination league is a 4 month long league ( started about a week ago ) which is a softcore league ( if your character dies , you lose xp , but you do not lose the character ) . the difference between it and standard league besides the 4 month limit is that domination contains shrines that spawn with mobs surrounding it , gaining it is buff . tagging the shrine gives the player the buff instead . the domination league has a fresh new economy , so the prices so various items are quite different from the standard league , which has been heavily inflated and altered since it first came out ( it is been almost a year ) . the domination league also allows players to complete challenges , completing all within the 4 month period gets you a reward . some of the challenges are specific to the nemesis league though so it is not completely obtainable through just the domination league . you cannot play a standard league character in the domination league , but , at the end of the 4 month period , all domination league characters are moved into the standard league .
it is not a multiplayer game . they focused only on a single player for now . they are currently working on a mmo which will be based on the same engine . more details on the wikipedia page : max schaefer , runic games ceo and former mythos executive producer , explained the reasoning behind releasing both a single player game and an mmo . the single player game is intended to introduce the torchlight game world to the public ahead of the mmo . further , it would allow the team to get a released game under their belts sooner than if they had immediately started on the mmo . also , while the torchlight mmo will be a separate game , it will share the same action rpg gameplay and some of the art assets developed for the single player game . the mmo will feature some different game mechanics and a wider variety of environments , including a shared " over-world . " runic has entered into a partnership with chinese online game developer and operator perfect world co . , ltd . to publish the mmo worldwide . because the mmo is planned to be free-to-play , it can be seen as a " free mmo upgrade " to the single-player torchlight game . for the persons interested , even more details in an interview given to gamasutra .
yes , it does help . i have personal experience with it , but no links to ' official ' words on it . the basis is that i wear heavy armor and sneak only on occasion , and noticed once i switched to the steed , i was able to keep the ' running sneak ' active around enemies much longer . my sneak skill is low 20s , and had not increased before i noticed . i do not sneak much , so when i do on that character i really notice the difference ( i was actually removing all armor to try and sneak on him before getting the steed stone ) . as a side note , remember that weight is not the only thing that relates to sneaking . i have no perks on this character before or after steed to assist with sneaking . but there are several available , as well as spells/potions .
the monster does not have to die from the bleed damage . if they are under the effects of exploding palm 's bleeding , they will explode when killed by any means .
can i invade a world with a friend ? if yes , how ? short answer is no . you can only invade a world alone . but , if you are a member of the covenant the way of the blue , it is possible for another member of this covenant to help you when you are being invaded . advantages of playing online with the possibility of invade and being invaded ? there is actually a lot of advantages to online play ! pvp adds a huge thrill to your game . being invaded can be quite annoying , especially if you are on some really hard monsters and you get killed . but , killing an invader is very satisfying and invading people yourself is alot of fun , too ! online play adds co-op . this can be very useful for hard bosses , or just to have some fun with your friend ( s ) . markers will be placed all over the world . they are placed by other players , usually with hints , tips or sometimes you can see how they died so you will not make the same mistake . if you are having trouble with invaders in a certain area , try burning a human effigy . this is only possible with online play enabled and it will temporarily make you immune for invasions .
no load up this schematic using mcedit . it is a block transporter , pressing the button triggers the pistons to transport the block horizontally . sometimes , the block will traverse the entire system : sometimes it will stop at a random point some way along .
it affects only the level requirement of the item its on , and its already factored in when you hover over the item . so if you see a level 45 weapon with -15 level requirements , its actually originally a level 60 weapon .
it is not required in the same sense that most stats are not required . it is definitely one of the more beneficial stats if you have trouble kiting or getting out of the way of some attacks . it is definitely possible to survive without it , but you may beat your head against a wall more than once . the main benefit of movement speed comes from possibly being able to kite the faster mobs , and helping you out with late reaction speed or latency in terms of dodging attacks .
yes . use nbtedit : http://www.mediafire.com/?m6h39bmfb7bl25e editor by copyboy from minecraftforum .net: http://www.minecraftforum.net/topic/6661-nbtedit/ download it , and run , click file -> open then go to your minecraft server directory and find players directory and select the name of player you want , for example player . dat you should see something like this : you need to go to " pos " , and there you have it , coords of player you wanted . just double click any to edit it :d
they are earned per kill . i do not know if you can manipulate which bonus that you get ; the bonus that is earned may be at random . i do not know what they are called . update : at least the heat sink ( no overheating ) bonus can be obtained from cracking a crate . this bonus has a diamond-shaped outline unlike the other kill-streak bonuses .
there is also playfire . com . it tracks all of my x360 achievements , and there is the capability to track steam , as well as psn and xfire . i do not have a steam account , but i like what they do with the xbox . might be worth trying out for steam .
in this case , you have just installed the mod wrong . considering the zip 's file structure , it is an easy mistake to make . the zip file has this folder structure ( [ f ] iles and [ d ] irectories as marked ) : notice the .modinfo file at the bottom there ? that is what you are missing . what you most probably did was copy only the Byzantine Mod folder into your Mods folder . you should be able to put the whole Byzantine Mod 2 (v 1) folder into your Mods folder and have it work . note that this is not the same as putting the byzantine mod 2 (v 1) folder or the Byzantine Mod folder into your Mods folder ! when you have it installed , your folder structure should be : . . . though just putting the .modinfo file and its sibling Byzantine Mod folder in the Mods folder without a containing folder should work too .
hitting certain parts of a monsters body will result in a deflective hit if your sharpness is not high enough . a deflective hit still does damage to a monster , but less than a normal hit does . it also reduces your sharpness more than a normal hit .
i am not sure i understand the problem -- auto saves should already be located in their own folder . as long as you do not blindly click " load last saved game " , you should have full , un-confused control over which game you are loading .
players are speculating that it has changed to game speed time , which is approximately 1.4x faster than real time , instead of real time which is what is contributing to your increased apm . an official post from blizzard community manager kaivax actions per minute ( apm ) a number of players have noted that the apm calculation appears to have changed . we can confirm that there is an issue here , and we are working on a fix that should come with a patch after the release of heart of the swarm . furthermore , we have long had a goal of changing apm so that it is perfectly accurate with regard to real time . we continue to work on that , and intend to have more to say about that in a few weeks . --edit-- the guys over on the team liquid forum have been doing some testing into what is going on " there is some kind of the average apm inflation which occurs at specific moments in time . effectively at those moments a multiplier to average apm is added with cumulative effect . the most prominent ones are at 4:15 ( 255 seconds ) , 8:31 ( 511 ) , 17:03 ( 1023 ) , and probably 34:07 ( 2047 ) . usually at that time average apm is stable enough to see big swings and i also suspect the % value of apm inflation is higher ( 15-20% ) than during earlier ones . earlier moments of apm inflation are at 2:07 ( 127 seconds ) , 1:03 ( 63 ) , 0:31 , and maybe 0:15 and 0:07 but apm is too volatile at those points and the % of apm increase is probably less than at later periods . " http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=399526 personally , i do not bother using any of the after game stats provided by blizzard as i find them mostly useless . if you are really interested in stats i would suggest you check out sc2gears .
you are right , it is tied to your merchant level , so you can not tell what they are until it gets higher . however , when you leave the dungeon they automatically get identified , so you can look later and see what you found . the only real downside is that you can not know if it is good or worthless while you are deciding what to keep in the dungeon .
chains occur by killing multiple monsters of the same type . you start a chain of 1 once you kill a second monster of the same type . this causes you to get more experience with every such kill . the same type means the same color and kind - blue slimes are different from green slimes , but both kinds of red mushrooms will chain , for example . for example , suppose you run into a room and there are four blue slimes and three blue eyebats . you could kill them in any order , but if you kill all of the slimes first then all of the eyebats ( or vice versa ) , you will get more experience due to chaining . chaining does not time out , but it will reset whenever you kill a new kind of creature . in general , unless you have got adjacent rooms with the same creature type , you mostly want to ensure chaining within each room segment and not go out of your way to chain . you will get more than enough experience in this fashion . there are some exceptions to enemy chaining . these exceptions all are treated as the same as one other kind of enemy , but they cannot increment the chain count . they will cancel any chain that is not of their kind . note that while killing them can never increment your chain count for that enemy type , it will count as the first kill towards starting a chain . as such , you will want to kill one of these non-chaining enemies before killing the real enemies in order to maximize your chain potential , leaving the remaining to take advantage of your maxed chain . from the very beginning , one of the chest traps generates a ring of 8 blue slimes that spiral in and out . unlike the traps which simply spawn four normal blue slimes , this ring does not chain . starting in later dungeons , a lone rock-throwing gnoll may spawn as a line of 4 gnolls . only the original gnoll chains - the extra 3 gnolls do not chain . starting in later dungeons , certain kinds of ropers will summon a roper of the same color to appear in a room behind you . these summoned ropers do not chain .
yes , there is only one level . i think the game was never fully completed , so while it still says ' level 1' at the beginning , it is in fact , the only level .
tweakmb is a tool that allows you to mod your game . it does many things , which includes increasing or decreasing the battle map size .
i tend to play assassin-type characters often , so i can try to give some general advice while attempting to answer your questions . first , there is no such thing as an instant-death enchantment . you can deal massive damage , which might be very similar , but there is always a chance that you will run across something you can not kill with just one hit . that said , there is a number of things you can do to increase those chances to near 100% . in morrowind , i would suggest enchanting your bow with drain health + weakness to magicka as much as you can afford to . this is a potent combo that can significantly reduce enemy health , and drain health is a particularly cheap enchantment if it only lasts for a second ( which is optimal in this case ) . there is also a completely unpatched exploit that allows for infinitely powerful potions to be created . with this you can be effectively godlike , which means you can kill anything in one hit , regardless of sneak state . it is kind of cheesy , though . in oblivion , you can do something similar with drain health , although i tend to prefer using an elemental damage to go with it instead of the magicka weakness . there is a couple of suggestions on this uesp page for bow enchantments as well . if you do not mind a bit of save scumming , you can pretty easily walk away from a few oblivion gates with sigil stones capable of enchanting a set of armor with 100% chameleon - this makes you effectively invisible , and all attacks are sneak attacks . ( for bonus points , go piss off a guard and watch him run in circles trying to find you . . . ) in skyrim , there is not really a terribly overpowered enchanting combo , in my experience . however , you can get some massive damage multipliers for daggers , if you are willing to get in close . also , with enough sneak you can hit enemies with arrows , not get a complete kill , but yet not get detected . finally , there are many abilities and various alchemy recipes that yield a state of invisibility that keeps your sneak attacks flowing .
it is the middle mouse button , or f key .
brian sommer was indeed the old announcer voice , but i can not find who the new announcer is . however there is a relatively exhaustive list on the league of legends forums that includes many of the voice actors for the champions , as well as including interviews with voice actors .
i do not believe there is a limit . if there is one , it is quite likely to be unreachable . here is a screenshot of 5 simultaneous cyclones made using a 21% crit chance and several crits per second . you have to remember that not only do they only spawn when you crit , but it is also a chance to spawn . getting many more than 5 is very unlikely , they despawn very quickly .
flash fire is probably my favorite rune , and by far one of the highest dps primary attacks you can put on your witch doctor . although it seems like you are going to be doing less damage by using it , in fact i have found that i do far more with it . the limited radius of the standard skull explosion is dwarfed by the range on each individual bounce with flash fire . the casting speed and homing ability also mean that you are doing consistent damage to multiple enemies regardless of how they shift around the screen . the skull also bounces and homes in even if it hits nothing on the first bounce , so long as there is a target in range of the second bounce . you can , for instance , let your pets or follower tank a respectable distance away from you , and just arc the skull in their general direction to pile on the dps . the homing also makes it a " fire and forget " attack , so you can be paying attention to other , more important things , like getting out of the way of desecration/molten patches , or checking your skill cooldowns . it is essentially an attack that never misses ! as a lesser benefit , the skull will also target breakable objects , so getting " destruction " bonuses is trivial with this rune . when you are in the situation where there are more than 6 enemies in close proximity , or their health is very high , your firebomb attack is not your best bet . switch to a mana draining area of effect attack like zombie charger or fire bats , and you can do far more dps in far less time .
it changes the ability it produces . 0 star : repair ( every 5 kills ) 1 star : smoke screen ( every 6 kills ) 2 star : decoy ( every 7 kills ) 3 star : air strike ( every 8 kills ) it is so cheep so you can simply choose which you want . note that the better abilities require more kills to produce
on insanity mode the ai actually seems stupider , and does not have much sense of self-preservation , though i would not call them actively suicidal . the ai will simply sit on an active grenade and let themselves die , they will ignore an enemy bum-rushing our cover . they do not seem to get that they are about to die . the ai also largely ignores their own powers ; i often have to manually order my squad to use powers on roit shield targets , which they often happily ignore . however , they are not suicidal in that they will not actively attempt to bum rush enemies and get themselves killed , but they seem very content to sit still and not use many powers or bullets . yes , micromanaging is often necessary to keep them alive , and yes , they are going to spend a lot of time " dead " if you do not play a very good game on insanity . but if you take charge in the battle and leave them behind they generally will not go out of their way to get killed .
there is no difference in chunk generation as long as the world seed is the same and the minecraft version number is the same . the client quite literally uses the server code to handle world generation .
in general , all of the short-duration , uncontrollable summons/commands are incredibly useful precisely because they are on-demand meat shields : having the enemy attack something else while you finish them off is pretty useful , particularly if you and your followers are not cutting it . strength in numbers and all that . but command animal is particularly effective for two reasons : it affects nearly every animal in the game , and boy there are a lot of animals . you will be hard pressed not to find a place outdoors where you can not use it . when fighting a group of animals , it takes one of them out of the picture in addition to helping you attack the rest . so if it is 3 vs . 1 against you , commanding an animal makes it a fair fight . it is a decent substitute for the animal allegiance shout , so if you were planning on using it , it frees up your shout slot for something else . playing around with summons might not be your play-style : even conjuration is not for everyone . but if you are looking for a way to manipulate fights to your advantage instead of sneaking around or straight up attacking , command animal is a great racial ability .
healing weapons heal your teammates only , not your enemies . there is no way to deal damage with a healing weapon . if you try different parts in the weaponcrafting menu , the gun will show you the ' healing ' stat instead of damage ; you can use this to find the values you like ( i am not sure which one is the most efficient but i suspect it is beam ) . in terms of choosing different types of weapons , rockets will allow you have splash healing ( particularly if you use flak warheads ) which can be very useful in the blitz gamemode . rockets can also be used to heal yourself , but the efficiency of self-healing is significantly lower than when healing another player . beams will give you long range healing , and usually be more efficient as well , but require greater accuracy . rifle healing seems pretty popular as well , but i have never tried it . and pulse has the bounce shot effect , which can be an asset in enclosed spaces . rifle and pulse weapons can also be made into shotguns . choose the weapon type that suits your playstyle . experiment ! note that healing another player will also heal you , faster than self-healing with a rocket would . it is possible to overheal yourself just by healing other players
did some testing after you asked this . the tests went as followed : method : i went outside of new tristram and used the hex ability ( unruned ) against the zombies there . i unequipped and reequipped int and attack speed items , as well as my weapon to test if there were any changes in duration or rate . findings : in a group of enemies the fetish shaman will : hex 4 targets over his 12 seconds active not hex targets already hexed hex targets while other targets are still hexed ( other targets will remain hexed for the full duration as well ) . with a single target the fetish shaman will : hex the 1 target 2 or 3 times over his 12 seconds active . will only hex the target if the target is no longer hexed . running several tests with a stopwatch on my android i found that : the single target was hexed for around 5.5 seconds . the fetish shaman will hex a random target in a group of mobs around every 3 seconds . additionally , changing my stats around ( adding attack speed and int , and changing my weapon ) appeared to have no effect on how long the fetish shaman is active or the duration the target is hexed . given these tests , i believe that there is no way to increase how long the fetish shaman is active and how often he turns an enemy into a chicken , and that there is no way to increase the duration of the chicken effect . i would also like to note that there can be a short delay between the fetish shaman spawning , and then using the polymorph ability . which is why he may only hex a single target 2 times instead of 3 . 5.5s * 2 = 11 , so if the fetish shaman takes a second to cast on spawn he will miss the chance to polymorph the target a third time before he despawns .
there are nine treasure maps , found in treasure chests . they show hidden routes and solutions , usually for anticubes . use first four together towards the skull artifact puzzle ( video ) . use the next three to find hidden platforms . the map with the polytron logo is used in the candle room . the blank map has a qr code on the reverse side ( translates to rt rt rt lt rt rt rt lt ) .
magikarp should evolve at level 20 . possible reasons why yours did not : it is holding an everstone you pressed b accidentally and stopped its evolution there is a bug in pokemmo try taking the item from it ( does pokemmo have items ? ) and levelling it up again . if that fails , report it as a bug on the pokemmo forums .
this type of enemy is called a large body . the weak spots for these heartless are their backs , where they take increased damage . you need to maneuver yourself around them and hit them from behind , though you can also jump up and hit their heads as well . basically , you want to stay mobile when you fight them , especially because of their charge attack , which can knock you backwards and do a decent bit of damage . as you have seen , they can also take damage when you hit them from the front , but it takes much longer to kill them . dodging when they charge is helpful because there is a short moment where they pause afterwards , which gives you the chance to smack them about a bit .
the only way to do this without an intermediary is to make use of the paid faction transfer option .
i see no reason why you can not have a friend login in your old account and meet him somewhere where non-members have acesss to and trade the item there . as long as , of course , the item in question is not a members only item , then your non-member character can not do anything with it . this was of course like 10 years ago that i played runescape so a lot may have changed .
line of sight is your ally on this map . there is a elevated area to the northwest of your base with a few ramps leading up to it , try to place your bunkers/tanks at that ramp rather than in your base , also put up a few turrets to prevent annoying science vessels . as for the northeast entrance , send out a engineering bay or barracks out that way to scout to extend the los for your tanks guarding that entrance . if your tanks get off the first shot , you will beat them . with enough tanks , they will not even be able to finish seige mode before dying .
breaking flaming lasso requires either batrider or the victim to travel at a speed faster than 500 unit per 0.05 sec . the distance does not matter as long as you break that speed limit . exemple : if you use lasso one someone and the vengeful spirit next to him uses nether swap on him , the lasso will break since swap is a pseudo blink and thus the swapped unit gets a really fast travel speed same would apply with relocate ( wisp ) , glimpse ( disruptor ) , recall ( keeper of the light ) , test of faith ( chen ) or any ability that would induce a travel time faster than 500 unit in 0.05sec . in a similar fashion , if batrider uses blink dagger , the lasso breaks . forcestaff pushes a unit forward at the speed of 600 unit in 0.4 sec which is way too slow compared to the speed required to break lasso ( 500units/0.05sec ) . so by forcestaffing , batrider should never break its lasso . as for your second interrogation , the damage of firefly is dealt per second ( at max level 80 per second ) . a " tick " of damage is applied every second and to this number is added a bonus for every sticky nappalm stacks on your victim . exemple : if you have 2 level 4 stack you will apply 80 + 2*25 = 130 damage per second with firefly . if you have 3 level 1 stack you will apply 80 + 3*10 = 110 damage per second with firefly .
competitive players do not drop cs , generally . on offense , a competitive player will time his aggressive pushes with two things in mind . firstly , he does not want to miss out on his own cs . that is the most important thing . secondly , he wants to try to push his opponent out of lane when his opponent should be taking his cs , so that the opponent misses creeps . on defense , a competitive player will be trying to make sure they are in as safe a position as possible when the creep wave is coming , so that they do not miss out on cs . the combination of these things does tend to make for lanes where both sides are essentially freefarming each other for long stretches , with occasional bursts of intense action . professional mid laners and adcs tend to average around 100 cs per 10 minutes , while top laners will get slightly less possibly due to roaming or due to the nature of their champion not being well-equipped to take every creep . edit :
thieves come in two varieties : goblins and kobolds . kobolds aim to steal items while goblins aim to steal your children ! parents of course become very distraught when their children are snatched away . dealing with thieves is easy : spot them before they take anything . a found thief will run away without a fight . thieves are invisible ( to you ) until they are spotted , but they are on the map . any dwarf and tamed animal near the thief has a chance to spot it . so to increase your odds of spotting any incoming thieves , it is typical to chain a pet near your entrances . ( this does not block caravans . ) it is also worth noting that doors and traps will not stop all thieves . it is also possible of course for your military to deal with thieves , but they are quick so your best bet is just to prevent them from getting to the goods .
the original final fantasy game for ios is a universal app designed for both the iphone and ipad . this game has not been optimized for the small iphone screen , making the text seem very small ( however fine on ipad ) . as you said , you are happy with the font size on final fantasy iii . in the description for final fantasy iii ( on itunes ) it mentions that it has been optimized for the 4 inch ( iphone ) display . optimized for the 4-inch retina display . this is why you have no had a problem with this particular game . there is no mention of optimization for the original final fantasy game , therefore making it " unplayable " . there is no way to change the font size in this game . if you have an ipad i would play it on that , otherwise there does not seem to be a solution to this problem .
as jason mentions , four of the entries can be safely ignored , depending on your os . whichever ones will not install are the ones that will not run on your system . the four remaining ones are : civilization 4 , or " vanilla " civ4 civilization 4: warlords , which is the first expansion civilization 4: beyond the sword , which is the second expansion civilization 4: colonization , which is a remake of the original colonization for the civ4 engine unless you hate the things warlords and beyond the sword add , there is really no reason to play the " base game " civ4 . beyond the sword incorporates almost everything in warlords , minus a few scenarios . if you want the " full " civ4 experience , you might as well play that one . i did not like beyond the sword that much though , ( i think it was the tweaks to the tech tree , or maybe espionage ? ) so i tend to prefer playing warlords . colonization is a totally separate game , so it has very little to do with civ4 and its expansions . there is no " dlc " in the civ5 sense - during the civ4 era , the game got expansions but no standalone dlc .
dig a new 1x1 shaft all the way down from the surface , with a hatch cover ; then designate a dump zone next to the shaft and mark all the goblinite for dumping . you can drop a crystal flute a hundred z-levels and it will be none the worse for wear . just make sure to build that hatch , as the goblins may not survive the journey , but a giant eagle will . if you do this , make sure the shaft ends away from a route dwarves are likely to take , preferably in a 1x1 room behind a door , and make sure you do not unforbid the dumped items before the last one has landed , you do not want your haulers ' brains to be introduced to high-velocity copper swords . having that equipment gathered inside bins in a stockpile and then having another stockpile take these bins is the second best option ( you will need to remove the take designation until the stockpile is full of binned items , though ) , but it is still significantly slower and requires more effort than just bulk dump designations . running minecart tracks between the two stockpiles might save you a lot of dwarf-hours , but will cost quite a bit in man-hours due to having to build tracks on every z level separately .
after doing some digging : http://www.xbox360achievements.org/forum/showthread.php?t=386051 http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/615803-/63954526 it turns out the glitch is caused by completing the Dark Brotherhood quest - Kill Helvard . apparently , the Jarl of Falkreath knows you killed helvard ( even if you are sneaky about it ) . in fact , i killed helvard when he was taking a nap , so helvard certainly did not see it coming . anyway , after killing the jarl 's housecarl , siddgeir 's disposition is lowered significantly . since i am already thane in falkreath , there is no way to raise his disposition , unless i was playing the game on pc . however , i fortunately found a solution ! if you have not completed any of the legion/stormcloak quests , then make sure to do the following : side with the stormcloaks so Dengeir replaces Siddgeir as jarl . talk with jarl dengeir ( he will ask you to become thane again ) talk with Tekla , the newly appointed steward , and she will give you the option to buy land i really hope this helps someone in the future !
difficulty increases the number of blood shards you get . the number you get will vary slightly each time . it is a random value within a range determined by your difficult level .
first lets take a look at a comparison between annie , and a tankier character with similiar abilities . ( leona ) annie Base Health at level 18: 1752 Base Armor at level 18: 84.5 Base MR at level 18: 30 Base damage at level 18: 96.25  leona Base Health at level 18: 1996 Base Armor at level 18: 73.8 Base MR at level 18: 52.5 Base damage at level 18: 109  so by straight base numbers , although annie does have more armor then leona by level 18 leona has a much more balanced scale ending with more health and mr . leona will have more armor than annie until about level 10 which puts her at a good early game situation to be there for her carries and take more damage early game . in terms of item choices it tends to be easier to find items that fit the bill that buff armor and other aspects of your character than find items that buff mr . in late game so her armor deficit vs annie will be less crippling by then . utility : leona has multiple stuns ( all of her spells but shield ) that can be used on a whim with no waiting for a passive cd/number . her lance is great for iniation because it puts her right in the heart of the battle from brush or straight on . also , her passive can stack a giant enemy crabs level of damage onto opponents . so i would say overall leona adds a more dynamic aspect to a team giving them great cc and bonus damage output . example : her lance , shield , ultimate combo basically ensures a wonderful initiation to any team comp . keep in mind that sunlight is consumed by many skills . example : if leona used her lance and timed the shield well then a teammate ( ashe for example ) vollied and consumed all of those markers then her ult goes off resetting them for ashe to volley again consuming those as well . sustainability : her eclipse grants her +70 armor and magic resist which if used properly lasts for 6 seconds . on a 14 second cd that leaves her with 8 seconds of downtime between uses . so slightly more time down than up , but the benifit is great combined with the sunlight it applies to all enemies . not to mention as said before her base stats overal favor her in the long haul with mr and health and they also favor her a good portion of the begging and midgame in armor due to scaling . overall : i would not say that annie is nesesarily a bad choice for a tank , you prove some good points . however , i do feel in a realistic scenario a champion more suited to tank like leona will really bring more to the table for the team overall .
if you play on pc i would try the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks &lt;stage&gt; where &lt;stage&gt; is either 0 , 10 , 15 , 170 , 200 , 250 or 255 . i cannot tell you which one , but i can tell you that 0 would set the quest as ' not interacted with yet ' and 10 is the stage where you are asked to bring the book . so 0 should remove the quest from the log but would re-enable you to do the quest . therefore i recommend trying maybe even 100 , which used to be the standard quest completed stage . edit : setting the quest 's stage to 200 worked for kotekzot . this has been done with the console command : setstage DLC1VQFVBooks 200
first , initial rush survival spinecrawlers and properly microed speedlings and roaches can really help in pushing back this initial rush . force the ai to funnel up the ramp and place the spinecrawlers behind gas and/or an evo chamber . if you scout it early , set your speedlings outside your base so when they attack you get an easy flank . use multiple queens with transfusion to keep everything going . remember you can use them even on your spinecrawlers . in regards to what t3 units complement a hydra-heavy build ? i think there is a fair amount of discussion about this but i personally find a lot of use with broodlords . a tier 3 unit , which is very powerful at wiping a ground army . i prefer to use them in team games as well . excellent base assualt as well as support . edit : in a recent match between idra and drewbie ( ? ) , idra tech switched from ultra to broodlord and ended up finishing the matched . had he switched earlier , it is speculated that he would have much sooner . more power to the broodies !
assuming you mean callsigns , there is a full list on the call of duty wiki for titles and emblems .
this map an unusual one . it starts with a lot of rat holes around your town , so you first have to defend from them . follow this advices : do not build towers right at the start , they will get destroyed before they get completed , it should not be the first step in the game ( unless you have a great tactic in your mind ) . recruit strong heroes , not rogues , and not only archers and clerics , you will need tough units at the very beginning . i will go with 3 warriors first , and some archers to have them leveled for future exploring . when you have 3-4 heroes at least at level 2 , recruit 3 rogues . do not upgrade any building yet , you will need the money for the towers . when a few heroes gain level 3 , build 2 or 3 towers , and place them between the most amount of rat holes possible . upgrade the towers as soon as you can ! , they are the perfect defense for this map . i usually place buildings aside/behind the towers , near the town center . as game advances and basic towers get more expensive , focus on dwarf towers , but you should go with 4-5 upgraded towers unless game extends in time . construct/upgrade your blacksmith and market as soon as you see that heroes have earned money enough to buy stuff : build market/forge where heroes have 50-100 gold , go for market 's healing potion at first , then construct the blacksmith . upgrade market and go for the protection ring when they own 100-200 gold . this will bring you money enough to make expensive building upgrades like level 2 castle , upgraded blacksmith or dwarf towers . some heroes start with a few coins , and will go straight for healing potions or a cool weapon . do not buy mage/cleric equipments in the blacksmith if you have not recruited those units . also , do not upgrade their equipment to level 2 if they do not own money enough . it will be a waste of money . . . start exploring by creating 200-300 gold explore flags , find and attack dens as soon as you resist the rat hordes easily . this is extremely important if you do not want to drown in future ranging hordes of big rats and skeletons and maybe a few bearman . ( try not attacking the bearman den until map is almost cleared , they can kill some level 2 heroes with just one magic shot ) . when building trading posts , try clearing the surrounding area of patrolling monsters and nearby dens before doing it , and immediately upgrade them ! trading posts have some arrows at their level 2 to self-defense . if you can not clear the area around them , give 200-300 defense flag reward instantly to attract 1 or 2 heroes before the constructor peasant arrives and finishes it . you can remove the flag when completed . create parties to protect recently recruited heroes . parties walk/attack/defend as a whole through the map . i.e. to protect low level mages which are extremely easy to kill if alone or attacked from the rearguard , and too expensive to recruit/resurrect . heal your own heroes ( with healing spell ) when the game advances , watch 1-5 level mages specially , even if you purchased their whole building spells before recruiting them . mages tend to think they are strong enough when alone , but they are almost the weakest unit in game at low levels , thus they get killed frequently . before going for the caravan escort mission , upgrade everything in every building , even in the fancy market , every hero spell/ability/potion will be helpful to weaken and beat the rat king . also explore the map borders , some dens are greatly hidden and will give you some extra levels to your dwarfs , elves or mages . finally , when you attack the rat king , remember to use the healing spell on wounded units , otherwise you may lose valuable heroes for future maps . do not try to find the wounded heroes on the map , do it by clicking directly on the right top screen portraits and selecting the most wounded unit . it is good to know that your frosting and lighting spells will not work at all against the rat king . also , you can watch these videos from people finishing it , they helped me a lot ! for the rest of maps , the best advices for starting a map are . . . attack , explore , upgrade . do not focus on defense for a regular map . be a little more aggressive at this game ( majesty 2 ) than you usually are in others . attack , attack , attack ! start with the nearest enemies , do it as fast as possible , so every starting unit gets leveled as soon as possible and get some gold rewards . only stop attacking on exceptional cases , while defending your castle , market or similar . explore at the same time you are attacking , with two or three archers at first , spend money if you need so , they will give you very valuable information of your next possible enemies , and map in general . do not spend much money on towers at the beginning , just to cover your back . let units hold frontal town attacks , focus first on toughest enemies ( with gold rewards ) . if you find vampire yards , or other really hard units , erase them form the map before they start producing large amounts of unstoppable units . upgrade , do not forget it . you may have built enough units that leveled fast , but if you did not upgrade your blacksmith and market , you will be getting money slowly , thus not letting your units get better stuff as game advances , leading to a terrible defeat . keep them in mind , focusing your economy on the money coming from heroes buying items is almost essential at the late beginning . i think that , with a bunch of heroes still alive , it is better to upgrade your marketplace than resurrecting a level 10 warrior .
the turn length is a function of base timer maximum number of units owned by a single civilization maximum number of cities owned by a single civilization timer ( seconds ) = ( base + city modifier * max cities + unit modifier * max units ) / 4 there is also a multiplier for the first turn . the modifiers for each setting can be found in ...Civilization 4\Assets\XML\GameInfo\CIV4TurnTimerInfo.xml this file does not exist in the expansion directories , so i presume they carry over . summary of modifiers : apparently static is not actually static . source : function getMaxTurnLen() in source code file CvGame.cpp the coefficient of 4 was verified empirically by @marshaul . the only nearby hint of this in the source is a comment stating that turn time provided by user in pitboss mode is in hours while the code actually multiplied it by 3600 * 4 ( 3600 seconds in an hour ) . this probably would also be evident deeper in the engine code .
for those of you who did not see the iem finals they are worth watching . i have moved the recap down below my explanation when faced with an early reaper harass , usually speedlings plus the occasional spine crawler and queen are sufficient . however , mass reapers are a very different story . mass reapers usually have speed upgrade putting them at speedling speed off creep . as a result you need to either get a good surround or engage on creep to win . the natural response to reapers is roaches , but without a speed upgrade or creep , reapers are just too fast . once you have roach speed ( and can use overlords to spread creep as reapers only attack ground ) you can usually shut down this mass reaper play . edit : marrow also suggests throwing down extra queens , which i think is sound advice . though the queens will not help with pursuit , they will help with extra creep , transfuse , and longer range if he makes a solid reaper push . likewise a creep crawler could not hurt , but will not help much as once he has 12 reapers he can almost 1 shot it . what made it so effect vs idra was the follow up with marauders . based on this its important to prepare for the follow up : have lots of creep banelings , as marines do too much damage baneling speed ( a lesson idra learns in game 1 ) since the ideal build for marine/marauder is banelings followed by speedlings ( or hydra ) , as long as you get your baneling nest out and upgrade speed , you should be in good position to deal with this switch and push on to victory . there is a good break down of game 3 by day9 if you want to skip ahead to it . as for the iem finals , allow me to give you some context . marrow ( who originally was not to be part of the iem championship but was brought in after bradok was denied a visa ) , plays a very aggressive 5 tech lab vs idra . idra is well known as a very passive , very good , zerg player who prefers to fight late game battles with a superior macro style . in this context , early harassment is a very good strategy against such a passive player as it denies him his economic advantage . in earlier rounds we saw sarans use harassment effectively vs idra and pushed him to game 5 ( its a best of 5 ) . so its not unlikely that marrow studied those matches when he decided on this build . i want to lay the ground work here so you can see that this was very much designed with idra in mind . the build itself revolves around 5 techlabs to push mass reapers and force idra to build a lot of roaches . ultimately roaches with speed ( or on creep ) beat this early reaper play , but the goal here is not to win with reapers , but rather to force roach production and follow up with a heavy marauder force ( which also require tech lab , so your infrastructure is in place ) . in game 1 , idra adapts to this change and pushes with a heavy baneling/roach/speedling force , and almost wins . its worth noting that as marrow 's eventual strategy is mmm , forcing a large number of roaches gives a very tiny window for victory . what is more , if idra had baneling speed upgrade at the time ( which he was researching ) he would have easily taken out the remaining marines and pushed on to win game 1 . in game 2 , we see the same strategy again , but with very different results . idra gets an early roach speed to shut down reaper play , and then follows up with mutalisks to shut down the marauder push . marrow makes a good last ditch effort with ghosts , but ultimately does not have the force . idra decides this fight with banelings ( speed upgraded now ) . in game 3 , we see a much more confident idra who counters the early reapers with just roach/speedling . he will go on to lose this game much later after a disastrous assault at 12:30 , and ultimately get steam rolled by biomech before he can get more than 2 ultralisks up . as idra strongly believes biomech is imbalanced vs zerg , its not hard to imagine a very defeated idra in game 4 , not playing up to his potential .
lane support is also called a babysitter because the hero will basically babysit the ally carry to help him grow faster and without too much danger . being a babysitter means : observer wards close to the lane harassing the enemy ( best done with a ranged support like dazzle ) denying creeps to disable some xp from the enemy not last-hitting any creeps and creating space for your carry to move around without any danger using the pulling techniques for keeping your own creeps next to your towers using the hero-attack technique ( i do not know how it is really called ) , where you have to stay behind your wave of creeps and right click an enemy hero , so that the enemy creeps start attacking you , and they will move inwards to your lane , leaving them exposed for the carry to dispose of them more safely . providing occasional tp 's/healing salves/sentry wards for heroes like broodmother/rikimaru/phantom lancer/bounty hunter , etc the support is usually assisting the whole team , and he is not focused on babysitting even though he might do something similar on the lane . though the support role is encouraged to get some kind of farm to provide certain items ( mekansm , pipe , etc ) that will be necessary to the team , where the babysitter or lane support , focuses on sacrificing a support 's money and early game towards a fast rush to success from the main carry .
you probably can not see it at the point of the game you are at . spoiler alert : it is probably in the swirling hurricane area that you can not see through on your map . you will be able to enter this area when you get to the songs / lighthouse segment of the game . once you enter this area , any goddess chests you have will show up on your map . either that , or perhaps it is in skyloft . check your map once you land inside skyloft .
make an army , which means dogs , fetish and that big dude , use vision quest , combined with zombie bears , and spirit walk with more duration . while getting an army that wil strike the immune foes you will have 3 cooldown , use zombie wall or grasp of hands to slow the immune foes . the you will get 4 cooldowns . use spirit walk and attack the boss with full load of bears , you can also do the same but instead of using spirit walk at the bigning , attack the boss untill it unjured , then use spirit walk and countinue attacking . for boosting this mathod u can use big bad voodo
if you are talking about black and white , then you need to go to your trainer card and click on the bottom of the card , where it shoud say something like : " hello , i am trainer . i am pleased to meet you ! " from there , you can change the words and phrases of what you want to say . to use the moving greetings , look at the ones titled " special . " if it is not special , then it is somewhere on the lower left of the screen . hope this helps .
if you copied your character folders then it should be a matter of putting those same folders back into the dragon age 2 save directory as you found them . remember to also download all the necessary updates for the game . reference : http://www.gamespot.com/dragon-age-ii/forum/can-i-transfer-a-saved-game-played-on-one-pc-to-another-58410232
i just accomplished this myself . assuming you have already finished the main story mission for this area , return to the eastern portion of the map and kill the gold golem . afterward you will notice the surrounding molten river will turn a greenish hue . backtrack west to a small dwarven complex ( which you had to pass through to reach the gold golem ) . you will notice a gate leading to the blocked area is now opened . hope this helps .
the dremora markynaz is a level 36 dremora . problem is : dremora are rare in skyrim , and they are levelled . there are some in the shrine of mehrunes dagon and shalidor 's maze . now , due to the respawning mechanics , it is likely that the few areas that do contain dremora are fixed to levels that are way below the required level for a dremora markynaz to spawn ( both are available rather early -- labyrinthian - and by extension the maze - is often an early target , and the shrine belongs to a 20+ daedric quest ) . that said . . . on pc , you can use console commands to spawn markynaz via placeatme &lt;ID&gt; . replace &lt;ID&gt; by the respective id from the dremora list , and there you go . there might also be a way to reset the level of a location via a command ( resetinterior &lt;cellid&gt; looks promising but i can not verify that at this point ) .
from what i have seen so far : crafting a game badge grants 100 xp leveling a game badge grants 100 xp years of service awards 50 xp per year the games in your game collection award xp ( the math is not clear to me , i have 414 for 209 games currently ) steam special events appear to grant xp , although the formula is unclear to me . the individual data is incomplete for most of the previous events . ones that i can confirm count for some amount of xp are : steam holiday sale ( 2011 and 2012 ) - i have seen up to 130 xp for 2011 , and 100 for 2012 steam summer sale ( 2012 ) - i have this one complete , i believe , for 100 xp steam summer camp ( 2011 ) - i have seen up to 130 xp the potato sack ( 2011 ) - a " gold potato " gives 200 xp the great steam treasure hunt ( 2010 ) - i have seen this one up to 130 xp for community contributions there are other bonuses ( with thanks to koraktor in the comments ) : anyone can get the pillar of community ( 100 xp ) or community ambassador ( 100 xp ) badges for doing some simple tasks related to their steam profile . some translators get a badge worth 100 xp steamworks developers get a badge worth 500 xp community moderators get a badge worth 500 xp valve employees also get a 1000 xp bonus , although that one might be kind of hard to get ; )
turns out it needed more time . after a bit over 5 mins i got the notification about launching app from unknown source and launcher popped . on next launch it started immediately .
depending on how well you have prepared , the consequences can vary from irksome to impeding to potentially fatal : without a source of clean water , dwarves are not able to wash themselves . this is irksome at best , as it does not even generate unhappy thoughts not to be able to wash , but you do not get the happy thoughts of having washed recently either . it gets a little more problematic when you have injured dorfs with wounds that need cleaning before suturing up ; infections can be nasty and fatal to a dorf . finally , if you do not already have either a good stockpile of booze laid in or a working production cycle of seed-> plant-> booze-> seeds that is putting out a steady supply of same , dorfs can in fact die of thirst during the winter days if there is not even potable water to fall back on . i highly recommend you make digging your first well a priority , as it spruces up that big main communal dining/meeting room nicely - and eating in a legendary dining room makes for big smiles .
playerenchantobject spawns an object with specified enchantments example : playerenchantobject 136d5 109637 109637 would give you imperial armor with two magic resist enchantments . the magnitude used for any magic effect is set to your enchanting skill , so 85 enchanting skill = 85% magnitude , 85 damage/+85 health/magicka/stamina , 85+1 sec duration ( weapons only ) . any effect with an mgef id can be added , including special effects normally restricted to npcs and some perk effects . perk mgefs do not show up on equipment or passive effects , but still work . they also use enchanting skill instead of the perks usual value , and stack with the real perk . weapons made through the console will always have about 11.5 charges ( regardless of enchanting level ) , and can be recharged . some effects do not require charges unless grouped with an effect that does require charges . when used on weapons some mgef are toggled on hit ( first hit= on , second hit= off ) , like improved nighteye . enchanted weapons/equipment created with this command cannot be disenchanted , the game will tell you that you already have the effect . damageactorvalue and modav will effect the magnitude of enchantments without messing with your level/skill progress . from uesp . if you want to add an enchantment to your repertoire , use player.additem refid 1 to spawn a weapon with the desired enchantment , then disenchant it , see the list of generic magic weapons or generic magic apparel . you can use player.additem 0002e4ff 1 to give yourself a filled grand soul gem .
brigit joins your team . she is a hero with 6 attack , +3 holy , and +2 fire affinity . she has a movement speed of one and starts with the angel , hero , and immortal promotions .
no , they do not . from the disgaea wiki on ally kills : ally kills do not include : killing specialists in disgaea 2 and later , throwing prinnies or characters killed in the subsequent explosion throwing an enemy into the base panel making a tower of characters , ending the turn and killing a character with the inflicted damage ( in disgaea 1 ) killing a clone being killed in a geo chain being killed by poison , even if inflicted by an attack by the player
are you a might/finesse/sorcery destiny by chance ? going the tri-spec route gives you +1 to all skills as a destiny bonus ( and it gets up to +3 at the higher levels ) .
there is currently no way to activate friendly fire or pvp of any sort . however , according to the diablo wiki , pvp is planned to be added in the future : all pvp in diablo iii takes place in the arena . unfortunately , this feature will not be included when diablo iii ships , as the developers could not get it ready in time for the launch . since pvp is limited to the arena , there likely will not be any friendly fire in the main game when pvp does launch . again , from the wiki : unlike in diablo ii , there will not be any non-consensual pvp in diablo iii ; there is no more " hostile switch " or any other way to duel or pk in a normal game . pvp will be supported only in special dueling arena games .
right now , there is not a way for doing either of those things . specifically , your second question is answered in more detail here .
you can not earn prestige after all of the missions are completed , that is the only way to earn prestige in darkville without purchasing prestige with real cash or " q points " . hope this helps !
you take damage and " respawn " nearby . i think the damage might vary with difficulty , but the damage is the only penalty . it worked the same way in the previous 2 prime games .
you can not , ea/dice took this feature out for some reason . the extra slots on the battlelog are your other soldiers on consoles . if you are already playing on a console you can just set up a new account . the online pass seems to work in a per console manner ( whether or not this was intended ) . this will only likely be beneficial on ps3 though since setting a new account up on xbox live will cost you . source
from the support document you linked : if you do not see the option to replay memory , this means you are already in a mission or at a point in the story where memory replays are not available you are probably in this state in the game . if you are mid mission you can either finish it or can abandon it by pausing the game and choosing to exit memory in the menu . when you are outside a mission , the dna option should be available in the menu .
test range is an offline component ( as stated here ) so there is no multiplayer support .
it is not necessary . although the minimum amount you can add to the steam wallet is $5/5€ , the remaining money past the purchase price will stay in your steam wallet . you can use it as part of the payment the next time you buy a game from steam .
looks like it might be a gradual change from not freezing at 122 to freezing pretty quickly at 127 or so . in the image , the large pool on the right is at 123 , then they step upwards to the left up to 127 at the far left . at the lower right , the pools are at 122 , 121 , and 120 . they have no ice , and the ones i made most recently , the highest ones , froze over the most quickly . just realized your question was mostly about snowfall ; this will occur at the same height that water freezes at . edit : after over an hour , this is how much has frozen . i recommend building ice trays and the like starting at block 130 or so , just to make sure you get quick and complete freezing .
as shown here , the option is that you make a dive to try to catch her . but you miss .
you can use obsidian pipes to redirect the outputs of chests . take the following test rig : i have filled the chest with buckets , as a sample : if you pipe another item into the chest , it will simply pop out of the pipe , like so : fortunately , obsidian pipes do not connect to themselves , so you can use this to create a somewhat compact device to channel additional items elsewhere . here 's a possible system : the iron pipes will keep the items from flowing directly into the new chests , and the obsidian pipes will pull in items that overflow . you can also use more powerful engines of course , if you want to . this is all just an example .
as of a recent beta patch , runes are no longer items that are dropped . instead they are basically skill modifiers that are unlocked as you level up . each time you level up , you will unlock new skills and/or rune choices that affect your existing skills . you choose a certain number of skills , and a corresponding rune for each , to equip as your skill set . each skill can have up to 6 different rune versions of it , but you must select which one you want to have equipped at any time . there are no longer different levels of rune abilities , it is simply a matter of having it unlocked or not .
solved it ! a meandering discussion on the talk page for the server . properties article on the minecraft wiki indicates that this is forge ' s fault . apparently it redefines spawn-protection to be a boolean that turns protection on or off entirely ( which you can not do in vanilla ) , and defines a new variable , spawn-protection-size for what the former variable means for a vanilla server . as a side effect , it appears that a server with the forge api installed will honour the default spawn-protection area of 16 blocks until you edit the variable , at which point it treats it as boolean and looks for spawn-protection-size instead , does not find it , and effectively turns spawn protection off entirely . so this is what happened to me then . adding spawn-protection-size=42 to my server.properties file made spawn protection work ( again ) as expected . redefining configuration variables is poor practice !
subtitles generally display only what is spoken by a character . they are intended for players who are able to hear , but prefer to have the dialogue of the game displayed . closed captions provide a way for those who may not be able to hear the game sounds at all to fully enjoy the game . they include dialogue , sound cues ( such as " machinery starting up" ) , and they do not contain jokes by the developers which could lead to misunderstanding by a player who is unable to compare the actual audio to the subtitles ( for example , in the subtitles , the line in glados 's song " when i delete you maybe i will stop feeling so bad " is marked as " redacted " , because she does not want to admit to liking the player . in the closed captions , this line is presented correctly so that a non-hearing player can gain the full understanding of the song )
use a torch to set a tree on fire and then chop it down to get a charcoal ! charcoal is also a loot drop from krampus !
this change was made in patch 4.2.0: many crowd control abilities no longer cause creatures to attack players when they are cast . the creature will not attack the player when the crowd control wears off , and nearby creatures will not become hostile to the player either . however , if a visible player gets too close to the target creature , the creature will remember and attack the player when the crowd control effect wears off . the intent is to make it easier for dungeon groups to manage crowd control assignments and pulling packs of hostile npcs . the abilities affected by this change are : hibernate , entangling roots , wyvern sting ( will still cause hostility when it begins to deal damage ) , freezing trap , polymorph , repentance , shackle undead , blind , hex , bind elemental , banish , seduction .
in regards to weapons , the first number is accuracy and the second number is damage , as you and han already pointed out . the -3 ring of protection means that 3 is subtracted from your armor . rings and amulets of protection always have a number , and it always affects armor . i am not aware of other numeric modifiers on jewelry . armor items can also have numbers like this , which intuitively also affects armor .
no , the fruit which appears is random , there is no way to influence it .
yes , i just tested it yesterday . if a trevenant holds a kee berry , and is hit with a physical move , the berry will activate after the move hit and if harvest activates , the kee berry will be restored . consequently , after the next physical hit , trevenant will again have its berry activated ( thus the next stat raised to now is 2 level ) . i did not test for maranga , but there is no reason why it should not work similarly .
you should be fine . as shown here , the description for the insanity achievement is finish the game on insanity without changing difficulty after leaving earth . ( bold mine ) so , as long as you changed the difficulty while you were still on earth ( which you said you did ) , you will get the achievement when you beat the game .
i do not think a ' deleted ' object can be restored ( unlike a ' disabled ' object ) . from http://www.uesp.net/wiki/skyrim_talk:console#undo_markfordelete.3f : there is no way to create a reversal for the markfordelete command that i have found in my research . i have not found a way to reverse this command once it is entered as it creates a permanent flag on the item to never render it or allow scripts to run for/including it , and it does not seem to be a toggle type command that can be turned on or off . the best way to think of the console is that it is the " master script " for the game that you are live editing when you enter a command : that is why all of the warnings on using the console for anything . this is no help to you , i know : i hope it is a warning to others though a thread in the skyrim steam forum seems to suggest the same thing . in the same thread , though , a user suggested to use the resetinterior console command ( resets an entire cell ) while outside the cell , to try the restore the deleted object in the cell . i am not sure if this will have negative effects ( although i assume it will ) .
poisoned is a misleading term here - what really triggers this is toxicity , which is increased the more potions you drink at one time . the toxicity of each potion varies , but you can see it when you look at a potion 's recipe or when you add it to your active potions during meditation . the bar that fills as you add potions is your toxicity meter . drinking a combination of potions that pushes your toxicity meter near the maximum will put you into a state where these bonuses are applied . we also covered potion toxicity in this question : how does potion toxicity work in the witcher 2 ?
the best resource for locating resources in the game is zog 's glitchy tools . in addition to telling you where all the dirt piles are , it will also suggest the closest location to you to find some using the glitch api . kajuu , for instance , is absolutely buried in dirt .
seth is the name of the final boss of street fighter iv .
for the most part , infusing monsters is not really required . you can run through the game with stock monsters without any difficulty . it is there to provide an extra level of customization . i went through the whole game with a level ~40 red chocobo . these are late bloomers , so for the most part , his attack was around 200/250 . not very high at all . you will get different monsters as you play ; not necessarily better . each one has it is own unique skillset and abilities . my own experience shows that for the most part , aggression ( com , com , rav ) is enough for most of the game . only for the really strong monsters ( tonberries , steppe bosses , etc . ) do you really need to tweak your paradigms and the monsters .
now the answer for this question is yes ( with additional conditions though ) . latest system update ( september 30 , 2013 ) allows all wii games to be played on wii u gamepad controller , however original wii remote controller is required for games control . reference .
i get the same thing but mine are blackish/purplish i think it has something to do with the gpu which cause the certain spots on the water effect to glitch up . so it can be categorized as a bug : ) nothing major to worry about .
spoting the real phantom lancer is a pain . good phantom lancer will not often show during push and let their illusions do the work . same goes in teamfight , once the army of illusion is here , they tend to dopplewalk away and wait for a good opportunity to show again . if an illusion army is pushing a lane , he might be jungling on a near neutral camp . spot pl in a teamfight my first advice is use dust as soon as the fight start , this way if he goes invisible you will notice him rightaway . carry dust on several player in case he uses diffusal blade on himself to purge the first dust . spot pl before a gank if you want to spot him before a gank ( or spot the real one on the map if visible ) you have some possibilities : he takes less damage than illusions he deals more damage than illusions he benefits from some items when illusions do not : if he has a vanguard or a heart of tarrasque , he will have life regen ( this require some practice but the vanguard ( or ring of health ) regen can be spotted by the naked eye ) . if he has a vladirmir 's offering , he will be the only phantom lancer to lifesteal on attack ( the animation of lifesteal is still there on the illusions but they actually do not lifesteal ) . if he throws a lance you can try to see which lance deals the damage ( quite hard to do ) if you are lucky he will level up thus becoming the obvious target things to remember my best advice against a phantom lancer army is to : dust > massive aoe > spot the real one ( the one who took less damage ) . this will work in most situations , then it is up to you to focus correctly . always carry dust , sentries and if you can affrod it , a gem . pl tend too often to dopplewalk when they feel insecure . detecting invisibles units after baiting a dopplewlak is the easiest way to find the real one . shut down a pl prevent him from farming . come in his lane as early as you can to harass him . take down the outer tower as soon as you can . pl tend to farm tranquil boots > ring of aquila > diffusal blade whereas other carries will tend to farm farming items first ( battle fury on void/magina , midas on alchemist etc . ) . this means that phantom lancer is shut down early on , he will not be able to catch up as other carries can . and remember no matter how much ahead you think you are , a good pl can win the game by himself .
i found mod that provides a set of craftable/enchantable/improvable nightingale armor . http://www.skyrimnexus.com/downloads/file.php?id=5247
the fortune shrine provides a 25% bonus to magic and gold find for the duration ( 2 minutes ) . you will see this in the message that appears on screen when you trigger the shrine .
gog . com dosbox games start the dosbox executable with some configs as parameters . you will have to do the same when adding the shortcuts to steam . first of all , pick your game . i will pick ultima underworld 1 because i have it installed . right click on the desktop shortcut generated by the installer ( if you do not have it on your desktop anymore , check the game 's installation folder , there is one there ; mine is called " launch ultima underworld 1" ) , and see its properties : the shortcut 's target is what matters to us . copy everything in there , and keep it for later . in my case , the full field looked like this : go to steam , click on Games in the top menu , then on Add a non-steam game to my library . once the game list window appears , click on browse . find the dosbox executable that is being used by your game . in my case this was at F:\GOG Games\Ultima Underworld 1 and 2\DOSBOX\DOSBox.exe . add that as a game . once done , find the game you added in your games list . right click on it , then click on Properties . you will see a Target field in the newly opened window , with the path to your dosbox . exe and nothing else . replace everything in that field with the original shortcut 's target that you copied before . after this your game should run normally when launched by steam .
current version of starbound allows to teleport to home planet from ship .
i do not know if they will ever fix this , but here 's a list o things you can try , worked for me : used a wired keyboard ; remapped the jump key ; fps between 26 and 30 .
it is a " secret " killstreak ( 25 , excluding strike package kills , or 24 with hardline ) that is not bound to a specific strike package . it is similar to the tactical nuke in modern warfare 2 &mdash ; using it triggers a countdown , and a bomb drops . however , unlike the nuke , it " only " kills the entire enemy team ( as opposed to all players ) and disables their equipment and killstreaks for a bit . it does not end the match , though it awards double xp for the remainder of the match for the team that used it .
receiving players have no choice in what they get from the druid , and the druid has no choice on what they get from the player . it is all based off class . the most recent lists i have found ( dating from the 26th of july , as these have changed a number of times in the beta ) are below . the skill for the non-casting player : the skill for the casting druid : unfortunately links do not work inside code tags , so if you want to see the details on the skills here are links/tooltips for all of them .
it is used for an achievement and in the other hand it is easter egg . Achievement: "Bashanishu - Hurt Bashiok using Rakanishu\u2019s Blade."  rakanishu 's blade is a easter egg from diablo 2 monster rakanishu . bashiok is a monster created after an blizzard employee bashiok .
actually , you may still skip entire acts . i am not sure what the update did in 1.0.2b regarding " . . . no longer skip entire acts in multiplayer " , but nothing stops you from joining a friend 's game as long as the game you are joining was created in a difficulty level that you have already unlocked . to date the latest patch is 1.0.5b . to get your friend to nightmare your friend needs to reach level 25 . to do this you will just need a little gold to gear up the low level character in the auction house . " rushing " someone in diablo iii is a bit different than it was in diablo ii . i have not found a quick way to accomplish this , but i have managed to shave quite a bit of time off of the process . the process i have been using involves locating the best places to gather experience and skipping mostly all of the quests . please comment on this post if you can provide further insight . the places i go to farm experience are : a1 , the imprisoned angel - the cursed hold a2 , a royal audience a3 , heart of sin a4 , beneath the spire when the character being rushed begins gathering experience at any given place the blue items dropping on the ground should be too high level for the char to use . when the char reaches the level where he or she can actually use the blue items which are dropping that is a pretty good indicator that it is time to stop , gear up at the auction house and move to the next act . another indicator is when the char stops getting good experience . auction house tip - make sure to get socketed items whenever possible . also , get items with the character 's prime stat , vitality , and + experience . try and maximize the dps for the weapons as well . put rubies in the weapons to increase damage , and dex/prime stat gems in everything else . here is a step by step set of more detailed instructions : first take a level one char and bring them to about level 5 by playing around in a1 . when the character gets between level 5 and 10 , go to the auction house and purchase items that have + experience on kill , the character 's primary stat and vitality . make sure to get items with sockets when available . make sure to get the highest dps weapon you can find . place vitality and primary stat gems in any socketed items . start a1 quest , " the imprisoned angel , the cursed hold " . let the low level character join the game . run this quest until the low level character stops gaining at least a level every run . start a2 quest , " a royal audience " . this is one of the best places in the game for levelling . have the lower level character join . kill all the snakes in emperor hakan 's anteroom , then continue killing snakes all the way to the sewers . try not to destroy the constructs until they have spit out all of the snakes they are going to spit out . when you reach the entrance to the sewers leave the game , change the quest back to " a royal audience " , and repeat until the low level character is level 18-19 . now go to the auction house to gear up the low level char again . make sure to get + experience items and socketed items when possible . next start the a3 quest , " heart of sin " . let the low level character join and run through this quest line to azmodan until the low level char reaches 22-23 . it is up to you as to whether or not you make another stop at the auction house now . depending on the items you have found you may not need to . start an act 4 game , any quest . i like to run from " beneath the spire " on , but it is really just a matter of preference . play a4 and kill diablo . keep playing a4 until you reach level 25 . now then , from here on out : auction house a1 , the imprisoned angel - the cursed hold auction house a2 , a royal audience auction house a3 , heart of sin auction house a4 , beneath the spire . . . rinse , repeat .
yes , blademail returns cleave damage since it is physical damage . even if somehow cleave ended being magic damage it would still be returned by blademail since it returns physical and magic damage ( with exception on hp removal spells and pure damage spells ) .
food has no effect on vigor or vitality . you cannot even use ( eat ) it . it can only be traded or dropped like any other junk item .
you can only heal in battle with the heal spell as potions are only usable outside of battle . you can use the heal spell as you would any other spell . as you can not use magic outside of battle , you can only heal outside of battle with potions . this handy list lists all the rings and their effects . rings with the heal spell listed there are : rust ring - heal 1 shield halo - heal 2 frozen band - heal 1 the conduit - heal 2 circle of life - heal 3 ring of fire and ice - heal 3 dragoor scale - heal 4 ( unlocked in newgame+ ) kward - heal 5 cryo loop - heal 3 thorne - heal 5 ( unlocked in newgame+ )
i do not play sniper that often , but i did not notice a significant difference between the rifles . however , there is a huge difference due to the class ability which changes the roles completely . assault snipers can see cloaked units through their scopes , which makes them ideal countersnipers against stealth snipers on the more open maps while stealth snipers are more useful against anything else that can not see them . when in doubt , go with stealth sniper .
the ' price tag ' is a basis for both selling at the merchant and transmuting the item into gold . i tested this theory in my game and here 's what i came up with : you will receive 15% of the item 's ' price tag ' value at the merchant . if you transmute the item into gold then you will receive 5% of the ' price tag ' value . in dungeon siege 3 , transmuting can be accomplished by hitting ' c ' , going into the ' items ' tab and clicking the left mouse button over the item in which you wish to transmute .
iirc - doctors become consultants when their overall skill reaches a certain level . this skill is increased during any training activity in a classroom . the change to a consultant is otherwise unrelated to their training in additional qualifications ( i.e. . surgeon , researcher or psychiatrist ) . if they become a consultant part-way through training one of these skills , they will be forever stuck at the level of training they had when they became a consultant . : ( when a consultant is used for training additional skills , they will only train other doctors in the areas in which they are fully qualified . so your consultant with 81% surgeon training will not be able to teach surgery to another doctor . therefore it is best to only train doctors as surgeons / researchers / psychiatrists who have a relatively low skill , so that they can gain their qualifications before they become consultants . once they have gained their qualifications you can use any consultant to raise their overall skill to the level where they become a consultant themselves , so that they can train others .
it is not just soul trapping black souls that is considered immoral , but every aspect of necromancy , from the in game book the black arts on trial ( you have no idea how many times i typed dark arts . . . ) . necromancy is inherently dangerous . one cannot ' dabble ' in it . the simplest spell requires the spilling of blood , and immediately begins to corrupt the caster 's soul . this is not conjecture , but simple fact . it is irresponsible of the guild to teach and thereby encourage a sort of magickal study which has proven itself , time and time again , to bring nothing but terror and misery on the practitioner and world . as soul trapping black souls falls under necromancy it will also corrupt the caster 's soul . it is also counter to the will of arkay and anyone knows messing with a god is a bad idea . there are some things related to necromancy that are acceptable , the conjuration spell such as guardian spirit can summon a spirit from the afterworld , but the difference is that the summoning is with consent unlike with necromancy .
i use my shield and bash them during the wind up . this helps stagger them so that i can whoop it on . try blocking with a shield or a two-handed weapon , while they wind up hold the block buttton and hit the attack button at the same time to bash them , see if it staggers them or not .
the binding of isaac wiki 's got a pretty comprehensive ( if slightly generalized , and minorly inaccurate ) list . remember that all cards are a single use item , so once they are used they vanish . o the fool : teleports the player to the starting room for that floor . i the magician : gives you the use of spoon bender ( homing shots ) until you leave the current room . ii the high priestess : summon 's mom 's foot stomp on a random enemy . can also hit the player , and will do so if there are no enemies in the room . iii the empress : gives you the use of whore of babylon until you leave the room . whore of babylon is eve 's curse , but unlike her version , this just hurts you half a heart then increases your damage . iv the emperor : teleports the player to the boss room . v the hierophant : spawns two soul hearts . vi the lovers : spawns two hearts . vii the chariot : acts as a single-shot use of my little unicorn . viii justice : spawns bombs , hearts , coins , and keys around the player . ix the hermit : teleports the player to the mini-boss room , or the shop if a mini-boss room is not available . x wheel of fortune : spawns a slot machine . xi strength : makes the player bigger , increasing maximum health and damage until the player leaves the room . xii the hanged man : gives you the use of transcendence ( flight over gaps , rocks and spikes ) until you leave the current room . xiii death : gives you a single use of the necronomicon ( massive damage to all enemies in the room ) . xiv the tower : gives you a single use of anarchist 's cookbook ( spawns multiple bombs around the room at random ) . xv the devil : gives you a single use of book of belial ( increased tear damage ) until you leave the current room . xvi temperance : spawns a blood donation machine . xvii the stars : teleports the player to the item room , or acts as telepills if there is no item room ( i.e. . in the womb and sheol ) . xviii the moon : teleports the player to the secret room . xix the sun : completely heals the player , does damage to all enemies on screen and acts as a treasure map and compass for the current level only . xx judgement : spawns a beggar . if you have no money , spawns 1 heart , coin , bomb and key instead . xxi the world : acts as a treasure map and a compass for the current level only . tarot cards ii , iii , xvii , and xix were added in a patch on november 1 2011 .
due to traffic restrictions at my dorm i had to install my battlefield 3 like this : install origin and download battlefield 3 at a friends home to my netbook copy the entire folder for battlefield 3 from there to my own origin installation at my home pc start origin and start the installation of battlefield 3 origin then looked if it already had the files in its folder and skipped the download for every file . so it looked like it was downloading but it was not ( it only checked the files ) . after a minute or so , the game was installed properly and i could play normally .
the base materials each come in 5 tiers . for armor , the materials are : " cloth " ( sorcery-requirement armor ) : cotton linen silk hexweave spiritweave " metal " ( might-requirement armor , might shields , non-wood weapons ) : iron chainmail ( armor only ) steel azurite sylvanite prismere " hide " ( finesse-requirement armor ) : leather boiled leather studded leather trollhide dreadscale there are also wood components ( bows , finesse shields , staves , and sceptres ) and precious metal components ( sorcery shields ) . raven 's provided a list in his answer that i will not duplicate here . : ) salvaged primary components will always have the same stats ( despite being able to find " crude " and " fine " versions as random loot ) , but secondary components may not have the same magnitude effects as the original item . for instance , you might disassemble a set of leather gloves that had 10 defense , but get a 12 or 15 defense component from it .
ktash 's comment is correct , hold left-shift ( or whatever your hud key is ) and select the weapon you had like to switch to .
all user data is stored in My Documents &gt; My Games &gt; Sid Meier's Civilization 5 . copying this folder to the equivalent location on your new computer after installing the game will transfer your saves . you should double check everything has transferred correctly before getting rid of your old computer though !
you can edit your config file for a more precise sensitivity adjustment . configs are located in : My Documents/Battlefield 3/PROF_SAVE_profile  back this file up before making any changes . open in notepad and edit these values . i have not tweaked these in the config since beta when there was a bug with the sensitivity slider , so i could not tell you what the scheme0/1/2 values affect . GstInput.MouseSensitivity GstInput.Scheme0Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme1Sensitivity GstInput.Scheme2Sensitivity  edit : try this in the console GstInput.MouseSensitivity 0.418605  edit the value to your preference .
there are a couple of achievements associated with synchronization : perfect recall - for achieving 100% sync in an entire sequence il principe - for achieving 100% sync in the entire game , plus the da vinci disappearance dlc ( requires the aforementioned dlc ) each sequence also has an associated cheat that is unlocked for 100% sync , which can be used in single player . you can only use cheats while replaying a mission , so they are really more for replay value than for making your life easier . there are also a series of " repressed memories " that you unlock as you increase your " overall " synchronization , and completing missions with 100% sync is a good way to increase this total . however , the last one of these is unlocked at 75% total synchronization , so 100%'ing the entire game is not required . these memories are from before ezio became an assassin , and center around his relationship with cristina vespucci .
songbird is never really explained , other than he has a " connection to the girl " . it seems reasonable to assume that this would extend to all elizabeths . if that is the case , it is simple -- songbird senses an elizabeth that is not in the comstock house , and goes looking for her ( and being songbird , is unable to communicate that it senses two ) . as to your second question , do you have a specific example ? i am not quite sure what bit you are referring to . in all likelyhood , though , you can blame the tears ; if comstock saw elizabeth being " led astray " through a tear , and booker was already dead , the simplest answer was that booker was not the false prophet he saw ( since he was looking into the future , he saw alternate-reality booker [ the player ] . ) being a booker himself , is it really that much of a stretch for comstock to expect to find a 3rd ?
the neighbor current needs - if they badly need power , they will sell it very expensive or not sell it all . if they produce more than they can use , they will sell it cheaply . same goes for water , trash and others . your city needs - if you need a lot of power , they will sell for more , since you will probably pay more . surplus and demand , simply put . other deals you have with that city - if you have another deal that is favorable to them ( that varies a lot ) the price will probably lower . your city size - if your city is considerably bigger than the neighbor , they will charge more . if it is considerably smaller , they will charge less . that is in order of importance : city size almost does not matter , but neighbor 's needs matter a lot .
each time you walk 256 steps , there is a 5% chance that an empty hidden grotto will respawn its contents , so even if you walk a lot , there is a big chance it will stay empty for a while . also , here 's the bulbapedia article on hidden grottoes , with their locations and possible items and pokémon .
a video driver bug is the most likely culprit . try running mame in a window instead of fullscreen with the switch -window . you could also try -video gdi .
i tested this in a custom game vs an ai opponent . you cannot click on the mech unit with the mule target . you must click on the ground beside the unit to drop the mule , select the mule , then right click on the target to start repairing it . you must turn on auto-repair for it to automatically start repairing other nearby mech units .
this is indeed how you unseal the gate in the archlyte steppe . in total there are 3 gigantuars statues . you can encounter 2 of them only with specific weather conditions . here are the locations and the weather conditions : stoneslump wastelands - any weather condition . clearwater marshes ( northeast ) - sunny weather condition . ( also requires a moogle hunt ) clearwater marshes ( central ) - rainy weather condition . ( also requires a moogle hunt )
this error is generally related to the network being down , or the game servers being down . the only real solution to it is to wait and try again later . the other issue that people have had with this error is a problem with their own router . you may need to turn off upnp on your router .
the problem is your integrated video card . most likely its not up to the task of rendering sf4 . i would suggest try turning down every setting in the video options , but that may not be enough .
sadly , no . while you can delete the 1.5 gb enUS_Cutscene.mpq file from your installation directory , it will get re-created once you launch the game . ( despite this , however , it seems that the cutscenes are not actually downloaded again . doing something that triggers a cutscene or watching one from the main menu will instead stream a low-res version of it from blizzard 's servers , youtube-style . )
shivering . gasping for air . must find her . the locket glows . must find her .
the remove tunnels option is found in the materials menu . select it and drag it over the tunnel and your workers will remove it .
your edit pretty much addresses why some games are region-locked - because there do exist restrictions by companies . sometimes these are from a legal standpoint - for example , the hassle of differences in trademark copyrights ( the infamous reason why super robot wars never gets to come to the us ) . it also may be that there are laws against specific content in that country ( noting the examples you mentioned with germany and australia ) . sometimes it comes from a marketting standpoint . it may not be seen as profitable to market to the other audience - it might be expected that the other audience will not find it as entertaining , or may even be offended by the content . alternatively , there could be greater profits in the regional divisions based on local or international tariffs . consoles also face their own hardware restrictions , which generally are implemented along the lines of the above . the closing point is , region locks exist to enforce restrictions as defined by the separate regions . sometimes it is obvious legal points , others it'll feel arbitrary if not completely nonsensical . whatever the particular reasoning is , the nature of the restriction varies based on both the game and the region , which prevents getting much narrower than the above as far as a general explanation of why games as a whole get region-locked . it would be wise to figure out , perhaps with steam support or with another appropriate channel , what the specifics for prohibition in your own specific region are .
yes , this is indeed the case . the more altars you smash , the more ore your world will have . note that every ore cycle yields less and less ore &mdash ; fewer veins are generated each time , plus they have a chance to generate inside already-existing deposits . smashing a demon altar actually does 3 different things , provided you have unlocked hardmode : adds a bit of the ore named in the broadcast message to your world . summons a few wraiths to your location . has a chance to either corrupt or hallow a random part of your world by planting a single block of pearlstone or ebonstone .
i am going to disagree with both of your potential answers and instead suggest medallion of courage . while it does not increase your attack speed or damage , it does serve the same purpose of allowing you to gank by lowering armor . nature 's prophet ( when played properly ) is an extremely strong ganker as he can be anywhere on the map at once . his pushing will obviously be weaker as this does not affect buildings , but you can easily pick up one of the other two items later . medallion gives him the single target focus that helps him gank and also allows him to more easily kill roshan in the early game . the only time i would consider it a bad pickup would be against many heroes with high base armor or many agility heroes , as their armor rises much faster in the early game as they gain levels .
the mental power set is also a controller role . this means you gain special effects to your powers in controller stance . at level 12 , you can purchase pyrokinesis in the telekinesis line of powers . this ability locks down your target 's healing abilities , which should make cyborg a lot easier to deal with . if you reach 16 , the psychic shock power in the illusion line will perform the same function . the effects do not stack , though , so if you want to save your power points , try to purchase only one . other abilities you can use are terrorize ( lv . 8 on illusion ) or cryokinesis ( lv 16 on telekinesis ) to reduce your target 's damage output , and thought bubble ( lv 12 on telekinesis ) or phantom flames ( lv 12 on illusion ) to reduce enemy defenses . you can increase the duration of these effects by raising your dominance stat . every 2 points of dominance increases the amount of damage your target can take , before the debuff effect wears off , by one health point . that means the higher you dominance , the fewer times you have to use your debuff abilities and the more straight damage attacks you can do . another method for improving your chances are to earn skill points by completing feats . weapon lines have nodes which give you bonuses for your stats , so purchasing them will give you permanent improvements regardless of what weapon you equip . though there are not a lot of feats you can do early on , you can get them for completing collections , investigations , and alerts in the cities , selling any extra collection items on the broker in the hall of doom for spending cash . races are a good way to earn feat points and style items as well . you can spend in-game cash at vendors in each safe house to by styles that will also net you some feats . also , you can get a total of 310 feat points ( translating to 3 full skill points ) just by completing all the exploration feats for gotham and metropolis ( the booster gold explorations are a separate feat from this ) . these feats can be done without any combat , but i suggest doing them on a pve phase so you do not have to worry about well-meaning heroes ruining your day . good luck !
sideways power attacks are initiated by moving to the left or right while holding attack . similarly , backwards power attacks are initiated by moving backwards while holding attack .
you are just simply using a tediore manufactured gun . in borderlands 2 , whenever you reload with a tediore , your character tosses the gun away , which explodes and can do damage to enemies . shortly thereafter , a new copy of the gun digistructs in your hands .
simply choose a different item in your inventory .
having had another play around with the character creator it seems that although the outfit is based on the various stats you have chosen , it also picks - at random - between 4 or 5 outfits . you can test this yourself : set all your stats how you had like them - your character will change into an outfit . pick a stat ( let 's go with legal work ) and remove all the hours you put in . hopefully , if you had enough in the first place you will see your outfit change to something else . put the same amount of hours back into legal work . chances are you will have a different outfit to the one before . using this process i was able to cycle through the outfits available to my character and pick one i preferred . i can not find any definitive list of outfits but this should help finding the one you want .
i agree with the above comment about this being a subjective question . with that being said i will provide you my personal opinion after having used 5.1 digital surround sound headphones for gaming for around 2 years . i can not recommend them enough if the money is not an issue . the headphones help substantially in a couple different ways . first : the sound clarity is amazing . you will end up hearing things you normally would not have heard . footsteps seems amplified and its easier to tell the direction of gunfire . second : direction . in addition to the location of gunfire , the 5.1 surround sound makes it easier to identify the direction of the footsteps . this helps prevent people from sneaking up on you . third : late night gaming . it is useful to play a fps at ear splitting volume but never wake anyone up . on late nights your significant other will thank you . finally : the most important aspect of gaming headphones . it blocks out ambient noise . this is true with any headphones and will greatly improve your game . whether you realize it or not your body focuses on ambient noises and by blocking them out i have found my concentration for the game is greatly improved . as with any other recommendation , take this with a grain of salt . but i have personally found gaming headphones to be invaluable in my fps game .
the " even teams " or " favored team " indicators is not based on leagues , but on your true match-making rating . leagues are really just a display convenience for which percentile " bracket " that battle .netthinks your skill level falls into . however skill levels change and battle .netis not always right on its first estimations , so naturally leagues change . but they do not change instantly ; the system looks for consistent trends before promotion/demotion . your hidden match-making rating , however , is battle .net's true estimation of your current skill . this is what is used to match players for games , and this is where the " even teams " notice comes from . it updates after every match . it is unfortunately hidden to prevent players trying to cheat the system . in your specific case , there are many possible explanations . for example , your opponent may have placed poorly initially , but then had a winning streak , so their match-making rating was 2 leagues higher than their league . perhaps their true skill level is somewhere in between , and the system will gradually determine this .
so , i looked as the link and here is what i saw : idra selects all drones ( by boxing ) idra sends drones past mineral line , then to a specific patch idra selects 3 drones idra sends those drones to a second patch idra selects 2 drones idra sends them to a third patch let 's see it in slow mo : its in 2 seconds he has split his drones in groups of 2 . its beautiful , like watching ballet
borderlands 2 uses steamworks , and according to chrisf they do not use any other special ports , so the standard steam answers apply . source steam client UDP 27000 to 27015 inclusive (Game client traffic) UDP 27015 to 27030 inclusive (Typically Matchmaking and HLTV) UDP 4380  dedicated or listen servers TCP 27015 (SRCDS Rcon port)  steamworks p2p networking and steam voice chat UDP 3478 (Outbound) UDP 4379 (Outbound) UDP 4380 (Outbound)  also , there are several isps which block ports required for the proper operation of steam and steam games : furthermore , steam has their own connectivity support doc with the basic check your firewall , av software , etc . that you could try here . the only interesting thing i see on it is starting steam with -tcp to force it to use all tcp ports instead of udp , if that is messing something up on your end .
yes . you can play any backwards compatible games ( which includes halo 1 ) via system link between an original xbox and an xbox 360 . you can not just connect the two ethernet ports together , however as the original xbox requires a crossover cable . you can however , plug them both into the same router . you will need a disc per console , as with any system link play . source - see tips section
i will do you one better . rent levels do not effect your morality over time . instead you get dinged initially ( when you set it ) , but when you change it back you can get that morality back . when i tested it , i initially set my properties to high ( as i needed money at the beginning ) but once i owned all of albion i pushed it back to low ; and my morality came back . now i can not be sure it was in equal amounts but it was more than enough to get me over 100% long before the end .
i think hearing enemies is , like many other things in xcom , a random thing . the chances are higher when you have no enemies in sight and you are far away from them . however , it is possible to hear enemies that are out of line of sight even when you are in combat with other enemies . it is also possible to have two soldiers hear enemies in the same turn . i even had a single soldier hear the same enemy twice with no delay between ! one thing that does seem consistent , however , is that when you hear an enemy , it will resonate from the closest enemy to you . i have never heard enemies from across the map when there are closer ones nearby . so , your strategy of playing slow is probably just increasing the chances of hearing enemies , as you are taking more turns , which is indeed a useful thing .
you definitely are not missing anything . batman , in all his vast wisdom/money , manages to bring along an unlimited number of his gadgets in that tiny utility belt of his . i am guessing it is a dimensional belt of holding +1 . . . man i am a nerd . . .
thanks to the answer to this question , i was successfully able to use autohotkey to map the mouse right-click to a key on the keyboard , which gives me the ability to control the camera in the game . ( however , i have also asked a new question , regarding whether or not using software like autohotkey violates the guild wars terms of service . )
at the current moment in minecraft pocket edition the only way to tell elevation is digging down to bedrock .
go to the black briar lodge you are in black briar meadery . there will be two men outside in front of the lodge , an archer and a swordsman . you can either fight them and enter through the front or sneak around and open the basement door on the west side of the house . once downstairs , there will be a barrel in the back with the papers in a strongbox . the papers may also be found on one of the tables . more about the quest here .
i would say that it deals 215% of your dps . dps = damage per second , so you multiply that value by 2.15 to get the damage per second . i do not think that it has dot , only the time that you hit an enemy counts . to get info of cost over time i would measure how long does it take to get your ap down to 0 . then you use a simple formula : costovertime = ( yourmaxap-20 ) /timespent no idea , did not find any information for it no , only the initial cost of 20 ap is removed hope it helps
i have cleaned my ps3 vents several times with no damage done . . . i have discovered that the ps3 is an easy to open/re-assemble system . in my case i think is better to clean the ps3 internally . . . you can follow this video . . . it shows how to open the case of the ps3 in order to clean it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6a6v7llreifeature=related
i noticed that the game automatically saves : after buying or selling from a store when you have reached a checkpoint in a quest when you have finished a quest when you enter a quest area after you liberate an outpost quest is defined here as a story-mission , a mission from the job board at outposts ( hunting , assassination ) or a trial of the rakyat challenge .
average used bandwidth is very low . i have not tested it recently but it used to be possible to run wow off a 56kbps dial-up link , implying a download rate of probably 6kbps or lower . the latency tends to be a much greater issue , as creatures/players may not be where your client shows them as and it can impact upon spell casting delays , etc . by the way , if that connection really is 256 mbps , that is faster than almost all of australia and new zealand plays wow at - that is 32 mb/sec , and we tend to top out at 10-20 mb/sec .
due to the nature of worldedit , worldedit requires you to specify permissions , either the build in , or by using a permissions plugin worldedit uses the wepif ( worldedit permissions interoperability framework ) to handle permissions . if you are not using a permissions plugin , the easiest way is using flat file permissions which allows you to simply give yourself all permissions by editing two files in the root of your server ( same location as bukkit itself ) : perms_groups . txt admins:*  perms_users . txt sk89q:admins:*  ( replace sk89q with your username ) there is a list of permissions , on the worldedit wiki which can help you if you want to further specify permissions
you can make a very strong case that for the majority of users buying gear from the ah will put you further ahead as opposed to levelling up the blacksmith . however , this relies on the prices in the auction house remaining low . this should be a safe , long term assumption as the supply should outpace the demand assuming people resell items they purchase . the best gear that the blacksmith produces is certainly being hoarded by those who have invested the time and effort to generate it or will be offered for sale at an enormous price . in the short term , yes , you can do better in the ah under the current economy . in the long term , dependant very strongly on your luck in crafting equipment with the stats you are hoping for , the blacksmith may become your better source of equipment as the best legendary items will almost certainly be absurdly priced . crafting equipment has always entailed some risk . in diablo 2 , the best players would hoard perfect rubies to try to create " blood " gear ( items with strong life leech ) . if your build calls for such a piece then it may be the small advantage you need to start succeeding in inferno . many will not want to do this but will benefit from the few who are doing it . if they are looking for dex gloves and you want int , their failures are your opportunity to buy .
perhaps you should look at jeff atwood 's blog on sound cards from may 4th , 2011 . the default , built-in sound chips on most motherboards have evolved from " totally crap " to " surprisingly decent " in the last 5 years . but besides that , in this era of ubiquitous quad core cpus nearing 4 ghz , it would be difficult to make a plausible case that you need a discrete set of silicon to handle sound processing , even for the very fanciest of 3d sound algorithms and hrtfs . if jeff is considered to be an expert , the need for eax support died when processing power became sufficent to no longer require external hardware . from the wikipedia artcile on eax : according to creative 's openal 1.1 specification , eax should be considered deprecated as a developer interface . new development should use openal 's efx interface , which covers all the eax functionality and is more tightly coupled with the overall openal framework from creative 's post explaining openal and windows vista ( and subsequently windows 7 ) : with microsoft 's decision to remove the audio hardware layer in windows vista , legacy directsound 3d games will no longer use hardware 3d algorithms for audio spatialization . instead they will have to rely upon the new microsoft software mixer that is built into windows vista . this new software mixer will give the users basic audio support for their old direct sound games but since it has no hardware layer , all eax® effects will be lost , and no individual per-voice processing can be performed using dedicated hardware processing . legacy eax games will likely not perform correctly on windows vista and windows 7 . from this march 09 , 2011 of the auzentech x-meridian 7.1 2g sound card : we cannot fault any current sound card for lacking the ability to enable eax in legacy games . eax is no longer a standard used in pc game audio . if it works in a game , it is simply a bonus to the sound card buyer . when eax came out it was necessary for games to enable eax for the game to utilize the hardware . since directsound is no longer supported game developers should be using openal , which enables hardware acceleration automatically ( if supported by the device ) or is otherwise handled through the software . the list of openal supported games is not extensive ( in my opinion ) but not all games require a highly emersive sound experience .
as having recent experience in this field , i can tell you exactly how it goes ! if you turn apostate , the god gets angry and punishes you , which is a 10000 turn hex that reduces your speed by 20 and your pv by 20% . it can not be dispelled and it sticks even after death , because you made a god angry geez . that is the whole of it though . this is not a strong penalty and it goes away soon enough . i spent the entire punishment period fishing in my basement to curry favor to my new god ( plus a day travelling to town to buy more lures ) . switching gods is actually rather recommendable - the only things you retain for following a god are the favor-based bonuses to certain skills/stats , and the innate blessing they give ( like yacatect 's ' all collection' ) . the gifts they give you for prayer at certain levels of favor ( a servant , an item , and a weapon ) all are retained even if you switch gods , so you can always switch to get more of these from more gods . note though that servants are capped at one servant for every 10 levels in the faith skill you have ( in original , it was capped at 2 ) . just make sure you stop at whichever god you want to retain the bonuses of . of note , the festival of jure that occurs in noyel in the last month of each year , you can actually convert to following jure of healing without incurring punishment from your current god .
there is an experience bar along the bottom of your center hotbar . if you hover over it , it will tell exactly your accumulated and required xp to the next level . if there is a green range on this meter , that is " rested " xp which builds quickly in rest areas ( logged on or off ) or slowly while logged off outside of rest areas . you may see a bar below the xp bar . that is the legacy bar .
the off the field one will help with their mental attributes , while the improve game helps with the technical side of the game . make sure to use a player with high determination as your tutor when choosing the off-field option .
the maximum number of trade offers you can get a villager to generate will depend on their profession . each time you trade the last ( right-most ) offer a villager has , two changes happen to their available trade offers : any trade offers that have been used enough times to deactivate them will be reactivated . there is a chance that a new trade offer will be added to the end of their list , which will be a different item than the trade offers currently appearing . if no new offer is added it usually means a previous offer was reoffered at a new exchange rate ( e . g . 20 wheat for an emerald changing to 19 wheat ) . therefore , if you have not traded the last offer to the point of deactivation and the villager has not yet shown you all of their trade offers , there is still a chance for them to generate more . a list of the possible trade offers by profession can be found here . if you add them all up , you get the following for the maximum number of different trade offers a given villager type can possibly make as of version 1.6.4: farmer : 14 librarian : 9 priest : 13 blacksmith : 26 butcher : 11 and i can confirm this is true for the librarian , because i maxed one out already . ; )
the starting skills make a difference of a few hours at maximum , nothing you really need to worry about . and i checked some characters of mine and it seems you do not get any skill difference in the science skills in any case . you get science 3 , and that is it . i also would not worry about the attributes , as you have a specific skill plan you should remap them immediately anyway .
unfortunately , no , there is no way to use the ( awesome ) powers that the saints flow drink gives you during the trouble with clones . the saints flow effect is not granted through a specific power-up or anything , it is just an effect turned on for the duration of the " send in the clones " mission of the dlc . however , it is replayable , so you can replay the last mission if you go through it again .
win lose or draw , you are going to be doing a lot of dragon races . in order to ease the pain , i used the following process ( and i now have kairos ) : gather your stable of racers . you can check out this answer for a list of all of the races , and the elements needed for each . i suggest choosing one best dragon for each race , and leveling them to the cap ( or at least above your other dragons ) , and adding an " a " to the start of their name . this will make them easy to find when choosing a dragon for a race . be impatient . as soon as your dragon crosses the finish , the " red x " icon in the top right changes to a " green play " icon . pressing that will advance to the winners podiums without waiting for other dragons to finish . at the podiums , you can also press " spin wheel " almost immediately once the screen loads . this will save you several seconds per heat , which will add up over the hundreds of races necessary . just spin the stupid wheel . there is a lot of misinformation about methods to control the result of the wheel . while i am not sure if the result is predetermined , or simply uncontrollable - i gave up trying to fix the odds and just spun as fast as i could . if it is possible to control , it is damn hard - and i would say the time you save by just spinning it and moving on is worth it in the long run . i ended up pulling it off with no gems spent , so i can confirm it is possible . while it is nice to have him , keep in perspective that his ability is on a 4 day cool down and it is not that amazing in my humble opinion . in other words , do not feel like you are missing out on that much if you do not have him yet - just keep racing .
you can get monster claws from keese ( bats ) of any type . just look for a place that has a lot of them and grind it out . a place that comes to mind at that point in the game where you can find a lot would be the waterfall cave . that is the cave in skyloft which is behind the waterfall where you had to go get your loftwing . it should be relatively easy to go through that multiple times . if you can wait a little bit longer , you might want to get the treasure medal before doing this to give them a better chance at appearing . you will get this when you reach eldin volcano from one of the goddess cubes . to the east of the fire temple behind the houses down by the lava .
using the tcl ( toggle clipping ) console command , you can fly into a hidden room with a hidden npc . the " voice of namira " is a standard-looking naked elf who will not respond to talking . she is related to the daedric quest the taste of death .
if you go your steam library and select " add a game"-> " add a non-steam game " then find the executable for bf:bc2 , this will show your friends when you are playing bc2 . you will also be able to access the in-game overlay for pming your steam friends and using the browser . sadly , it will not show any details about the server you are on , just that you are playing it . this is the best you can currently integrate non-steam games into steam ( games that do not have a steam-activatable key , at least ) .
yes ! a simple touch of a button can switch you between first and third person . on the pc , this button is ' f ' . on consoles or if you use a controller , click the right thumb stick . it is entirely plausible to play the entire game in this view if that is your preference .
every mass effect 2 save file has a " questcompletion " variable that can be one of three values . gibbed 's save editor has dubbed these , " quest incomplete " , " lived to fight again " , and " went out in a blaze of glory " . there is no " mission complete " save generated by me2 like there is in me1 . instead , every save file has this variable in one of the three states . presumably , only saves where shepard " lived to fight again " will be viable to import , as bioware has previously stated dead commander shephards will not be importable into me3 . ( and obviously , you can not import without beating the game ) . ( related : stackexchange-url when importing into mass effect 3 , you get to pick the actual save to import ( i.e. . , quick , auto , or manual ) . your save is always current , so there should be no worry about keeping your save " updated " , other than simply saving normally from playing the game .
my response to the new question : your tv is probably telling you what the input resolution is , not what it is displaying . my response to the original question . . . a couple of possible reasons : you had have to have fantastic eyesight and be sitting very close to the tv to notice the difference between 720p and 1080p on a 32" screen . it is possible you are getting full 1080p on your screen but you just can not see the difference . some sources say that you need a 55" tv to see the difference between 720p and 1080p at normal distances from tvs . many ps3 titles are in 720p not in 1080p - are you sure you are watching a 1080p source ?
no , there are not any cheat codes in the xbox 360 version of mass effect 3 . if you are having trouble with money or combat , you have got several options . at any point you can turn the difficulty down in the options menu if you think the combat is a bit too challenging . further , the more you explore the galaxy , probe planets and scan systems , the more credits and other items you will acquire . if you do this early on in the campaign , you should have plenty of resources and find yourself having an easy time as you continue . further , if you download and install the free kingdoms of amalur demo , you can unlock a couple of bonuses in mass effect 3 - one is the chakram launcher , which is kind of a super-powered charge attack assault rifle , and the other is a unique armor set you get from the beginning of the game . both of these could be considered somewhat of a cheat . : )
from https://help.ea.com/article/mass-effect-3-day-one-patch patch notes : fixed issue with disconnection during purchase flow fixed issue with 64kbps connection . fixed issue with multiplayer consumables . fixed issue with multiple " connection failed " messages sent to users . fixed hang when returning to mission computer from squad in pause menu when both the system language and in-game text language are set to japanese . fixed several minor dlc related issues fixed crash on windows xp on minimum spec pc . fixed lighting and shading on minimum spec pcs . fixed potential crash when loading with quick resume .
the biome generator has changed between different game updates , and the server is assigning a biome based on the seed , but not generating new terrain . i have several desert areas discovered during alpha that are now considered tundra or arctic , and are as such covered with snow .
the only way is manually i am afraid , or generate a new world . my usual tactic when there is a terrain generator update is : get mcedit open my old world , and copy the section i want to keep ( usually just my main base , not too big ) open minecraft and generate a new world using the updated terrain generator find a big area of ocean in the new world ( not too hard to find usually ) using mcedit again , plonk my section of old world into the ocean , or affixed to the edge of a land mass ( you can also put it into a biome of the same type , but ocean is easier ) spend a happy afternoon ' tidying up ' the edges and making the terrain look believable again .
item containers ( placement and items ) are randomized , enemy spawnpoints are randomized , map is randomized . map is constructed out of rooms that are then connected into a level . you can not really plan for a run as there are very few constants .
the kill always goes to the champion who damaged them most recently , unless 10 seconds has passed between death and champion damage , then it is an execute and nobody gets kill credit . this counts for champions who die by turret , fountain , monsters and minions .
it is part of a map/character multiplayer dlc which is not yet released . if you group your aciii content by category , it will show these trophies their own section from the non-dlc trophies .
channeled abilities , in starcraft and elsewhere , have two primary implications : the unit can do nothing else while casting the ability . if the unit is killed/stunned/interrupted then the effect ends prematurely or the final result does not occur . this is true in starcraft , warcraft , dota , and many other games . it is interesting to note that all the games i can think of that use channeled spells ( and refer to them with that phrase ) are made by , or originated with , blizzard .
there is not really a " genre label " for this kind of gaming , simply because non-interactive games are not much of a game genre . most of the ones that exist are either silly idling games ( idle rpg/progress quest/ idle 2 ) , bots ( like this one that plays a roguelike by itself ) , or more ai experiment than game ( conway 's game of life , for instance ) . i think that " zero player games " or " bot game " is about the best you can do . i did find some interesting articles when i searched for " games that play themselves . " there is also a subgenre of the strategy genre where you will find games where you can only interact indirectly with the game world , with games like populous or evil genius . this subgenre is generally called " artificial life " or " god game " . some games are capable of playing themselves , in a demo or " attract " mode . arcade games are especially fond of this , as it attracts people to the cabinet and shows them what they might get for dropping in a quarter . if we consider things like progressquest games , then screensavers might be considered non-interactive games as well ( or in reverse , non-interactive games might be screensavers ) . there was one screensaver for win95 that played a little maze , for instance . of course , there is also the iconic after dark package that not only featured a number of things you might consider to be non-interactive games , but also some screensavers that were fully playable , like lunatic fringe . part of the problem is that we already have many non-interactive forms of digital entertainment . we give them many terms , but one is " movie . " you could consider a movie like scott pilgrim vs . the world to be a " game that plays itself . " the protagonist even levels up , has extra lives , and fights a final boss . or , take the movie clue , which went so far as to include multiple endings , and each time you went to see it there was a chance you had see a different one . ( i realize that is tangential , but it is sort of an interesting aside to your question . ) " non games " is a similar term , but it is more for games that have no goal , like mario paint . these games ride the line between game and application .
no . your items will not be safe , eventually , he will despawn .
water elevators still work , but must be constructed differently . originally , you only needed " flowing " water to make your boat rise : however , boats no longer rise in water which is flowing straight down . instead , you must construct the entire shaft out of water source blocks , which takes somewhat more time : here 's a video of ethos repairing his boat elevator after the change :
personal preference really . they all do the same thing , in different ways . as far as i have seen anyway , meaning i do not believe specific enemies have any weaknesses to specific spells . only reason that you need all three is that there is a point in the game you require the lighting and fire spells . that being said , the fire spell causes burn damage , but that is a chance to initiate ( enemies do not always get burned after you cast the spell ) . you get the fire spell after you defeat the first boss . ( the moonblood ) .
make another exit : map.placeObject(10,10, 'exit'); 
yes , mainly because zoltun kulle is an act 2 boss . act 2 drops can yield tier 17 items , where act 1 can only yield tier 16 items . to get the best drops possible you have to farm act 3 . while the drops probabilities should be somewhat equal between the two , the second one can drop better items
there is an auto run button which you can configure , as i did , to something like the thumb button on your mouse . then you can point at a target and hit auto run , but you will have to aim at them . there is a follow mechanic in game but it only works on fellow player characters !
i had solved the problem . looks like the problem was with my led button to increase the sound , over the keybord . ubuntu detects it as a input device . xmoto try to detect the input devices to able joysticks so this " running sudo ln -s /dev/input/js0 /dev/js1 and sudo ln -s /dev/input/js1 /dev/js0 solves the problem to me . js0 device is my led button . js1 device is my joystick .
no trick . you bought the crop itself , what is used by the people to eat , not the seed . when you bought the cherry seed you unlocked the ability to grow cherries , but since you did not buy the wheat seed , which costs 2250 , your people just ate what you bought instead of you unlocking the crop to farm .
the black outlines are part of the art style of borderlands , most of what you see on your screenshot is intentional . the only way to get rid of the pixelation is to enable antialiasing ( fxaa option in the video menu ) . i would also recommend to use the lastest driver to deal with any graphical issues . the outlines look a bit thinner on my computer , the following screenshot is with fxaa enabled :
it seems that the sabre cat will never respawn , at least on the current version of skyrim ( 1.3 ) , due to a bug . the current changelog for version 1.4 states , under the bug fix section : fixed issue with ash piles not cleaning up properly i had previously waited over 31 days in multiple locations away from the sabre cat 's ash pile to no avail , hopefully when 1.4 lands i will be able to complete the quest .
imho , no . let me explain : crouching allow you to reduce your exposed surface , making you a smaller target . it could be useful , but crouching has a downside : it impedes your mobility by reducing your speed . since most of the weapons allow somebody to one-shot or two-shot you , good speed and unpredictable movements are your greatest way to survive . that is why most of the time , crouching is the easiest way to die .
i do not know if it is possible , i had leliana joining but there was a black screen so it was not so much fun . . . maybe morrigan must loves you for joining . howewer you are losing nothing . really :p
you should probably mention your build , so we know which skills you have a your disposal . as i recall , god’s wrath , maybe firestorm , are quite effective , but you may not have those spells . the unofficial wiki has a slew of tips for you .
log in with your eligible reddit account . visit http://reddit.com/f2p/steam and log in with steam . stare blankly at your newly acquired genuine string of metal . you will get the slightly better conspiracy cap if you were on team orangered during the event . this soldier was not on orangered , so he has to make do with the public accessor . he is not having a great time .
the trick to completing that mission successfully is to use a joystick or a gamepad to fly instead of the mouse , due to the cursor follow mouse flight mode fine flying is a lot harder with the mouse . other things to consider : play on easy , obviously . you will not have enough time to destroy the core if you fly the entire course with minimum speed , open her up on straights ( and if you want to destroy the limiters , which takes about 3 minutes , on moderate turns as well ) . the white lasers do almost no damage on easy difficulty , while it is better to avoid them , do not take your finger off the afterburner to do so for the best results . if you manage to find a trainer that has an infinite armor option , you will be golden ; however i could not find such a trainer for the current version , but there is a chance it might pop up in the future .
ok , here 's how you do it . go install autohotkey . after it is installed , it'll create a script in my documents folder . edit it , and add the following in there : LButton::h RButton::g Shift::u Xbutton2::y ^!q::ExitApp  this corresponds to the combat settings in-game ( which you cannot change to mouse clicks normally ) . so , in game , h is normal attack , g is strong attack , etc . the script remaps lbutton and rbutton to h and g respectively and then shift to u ( hold shift now raises the shield ) . i also set xbutton2 ( which is the browser-back button ) to parry ( y in game ) , but your mileage may vary depending on if you even have that button . finally , ctrl+alt+q will quit autohotkey . so what you do is this : start the game , spawn your character . tab out of the game , start autohotkey , then tab back into the game ( keep in mind your clicks are now disabled so you will have to use alt+tab to enter the game ) ta-da ! old dark souls control scheme .
you learn some information about the prothean war with the reapers , but not very much . his comments about the topic mostly focus on how his race got wiped out . with basically no more information about the reapers themselves . he does talk a lot about the way prothean society operated , how the empire spread , their views on race , culture , warfare etc . mostly you learn just how wrong the asari are about prothean society . liara is not impressed . i second him being a racist jerk .
generally speaking , as a weapon-using character , there is not going to be much difference between a bound weapon and a physical one . so , to answer your first question , the other trees useful to your path will be the same ones that are useful to any bow/battleaxe-wielding character . as for armor choices , you might want to take a look at this question about warrior armor types , or this one about two-handed warrior mages . finally , since bound weapons are roughly equivalent in strength to daedric weapons , i see no reason why using them on master difficulty would not be viable .
valve used to show some statistic of team fortress 2 map at this page . but unfortunately they have recently removed maps statistic in favor of leaderboards and achievements only . another good source of tf2 data stats is tf2stats .net, but at the moment it shows only the popular maps and map saturation history . could be that in future they will add more info . update : i found a link to official Valve's Team Fortress 2 Stats via google : here . it does not contain custom maps stats , but only official maps .
mobs can only go so far from where you initially engage them otherwise they will hit their ' leash ' and reset . try kiting mobs in circles rather than just dodging backwards all the time . the reasoning behind this behaviour is to stop what happened in certain early mmorpg 's where people would end up with ' train 's of creatures trailing behind them until eventually they died , usually taking several other people along with them .
it depends on time , your aggregate production allocation , your financial engagement and few other things . financial engagement this game favours those willing to spend some real money , change the game or be ready to use many extra hours for monotonous activity such as pressing certain keys over cities . even if you were able to automate the latter action with user-space tools ( alert against tos ) , notice that the ready tools with ministers are much better . i am not saying that it is not possible with ocr engines and certain window automation tools , but user-space hacks are not built-in and ea is acting violently against such maneuvers , as you may have noticed with lou tweak/bos not-working-parts from userscripts . org and no public api . you can ask for a friend for a holiday substitution , but notice that it is only for a limited time and with limited functionality ( no trading , no attacking ) . i have talked with many past lous -- and guess what -- they have been using ministers during the whole gaming . when you have about 40-50 cities , it becomes increasingly more difficult to advance without real financial engagement . it is still easy when you are not under attacks but during attakcs everything becomes even harder -- without ministers welcome unhealthy 24/7 gaming . since military is pretty much an exponential cost-curve ( or if you have war-minister , you can get income with automatic raiding ) , you can just imagine how the amount of different factors greatly increases because you need to create more and more resource cities to please standing armies . playing as poor and playing as rich are very different activities . it will affect greatly your choices over possible defence strategies . time if you are in the war stage already ( middle and ending games ) , the best defence is a huge amount of rangers in ranger towers , with nice recovery time and cheap . then again , some people like guardians but , knowing that you are not playing for a week , you do not need attacking power of them so i would not build them with guardian towers . but rangers have one weakness , horses , which advanced players will realize very quickly and they will attack with horse units . if it happens , you have at least 3 choices : a ) revenge strongly with berks ( cheap ) or mages ( if you are rich ) b ) balance c ) to die . more about balance , 4 rangers towers and 4 quardian towers , traps to outer walls ( 5 of each : arcane , fallout and barricade ) and 2 look-out towers are pretty well all-around defence strategy against a variety of attacks ( guardians against horses while rangers against infantry ) . fill the lookout towers with scouts to kill the scouts of the attackers , very important ! if you are in the building stage ( beginning game ) , the best defence is a variety of defence such as traps on the outer walls , one lookout tower on the inside walls ( not castle city ) and depending on your armies : provide such towers to the inside walls that protect you the best if you are in the transition stage from beginning game the middle/ending game , the best defence is to demolish the traps little-by-little and replace them with towers having proper soldiers because traps are futile against big armies ( castles multiply the capacity of barracks , currently , by 5 times ) . if you are building a castle city , neutralize siege units with camouflage traps . neutralize scouts ( spies ) with lookout-towers and scouts . scouts are very important units because they help you to attack at the weakest link of the enemy ( also works opposite against you ) . and most importantly enemies will not know the design of your coming castle city if you are able to provide enough scouts with lookout-towers . resource production if you have a lot of extra wood or market has a lot of cheap wood , build ranger towers and rangers . fast construction after attacks and cheap . if you are rich in resources or you want to attack/defend with your troops , build guardians : good in defence and good rebound in attacking . diamonds if you are rich , in real life , get the defence minister after placing the towers to upgrade your city defence . also , a war minister would be useful to create new armies after attacks . if you are very rich , in real life , get the protection thing for the week . location land-locked and harboured cities are very different beasts . if moongates are open , the value of land-locked cities may deteriorate after the invasion of strong enemy units from other continents . if moongates are not open , the value of water-based cities is lower in terms of attacking because you will face 2 types of attacks : water-based and land-based . luckily , water-based cities provide one of the strongest defensive unit in the game : sloop . capacity and real money people willing to spend more money can take more risk . they can plan poor cities with low capacities because warehouse cities can suck the resources or a minister will purify things automatically for you . if you have no minister , you should aim to create cities with about 2-4m capacities and implant every city with a farm . the farm is important because it kills one factor : you do not need to worry about sending stuff to your cities the hardness of which exaggerates while under attacks . summary it is very hard to say which type of defence to create for a pause . it depends on a number of issues . a key issue is financial engagement which undermines the expertise of this game , those willing to pay a lot have a huge advantage . for a player unwilling to pay a lot , i recommend to balance things ( create a balanced mix of traps to resource cities for example ) , build more capacity and implant a farm to every city . even if ea tries to give an impression that you can get most things without money , you must understand that the game will never end , it just expand with new continents ( and new world ) and old player getting killed after inactivity .
there is a good in-depth explanation at gamefaqs , but here 's a quick summary : heavies do the most damage , but have the worst agility . best used in easy to navigate maps , enclosed spaces or game modes where the worms cannot move . soldiers are the balanced worms : standard agility , standard damage . great all-rounders . soldiers function identical to the stock worms from other games . scientists are great for support- summoned items like bridges/sentries last twice as long . sink holes have a larger radius if summoned by a scientist . each time it is a scientists turn ( real turn , not select worm or a free select map ) , all your worms gain +5 health . however their damage and blast radius takes a hit ( pardon the pun ) . best used for games of attrition or defensive " darkside " teams scouts have the worst damage and take the most knock-back , however their fast speed and jump height makes them extremely useful for setting off mines , collecting crates and navigating treacherous maps . tunnels dug by scouts can only be used by other scouts ( grenades still fit as well ) . they work best on maps with shorter turn times .
not confirmed the article published by pc-gamer is not accurate . we are currently researching if onslaught will be available for pc . no release date .
the most important things to remember are : the lore-master is not a damage dealer the lore-master is not a healer your role is crowd control and supporter , which means you check which target can hurt your group most and immobilize it , usually with your blinding flash which is your most important skill in every group and instance . you have to check that noone attacks this target so he will actually stay stunned . if the target you want to stun already gets attacked , just switch to the next important free target . priority targets are : strong enemy damage dealers anything attacking your healer enemy healers the second most important skill in your bar will be Share the Power which you can use to support your healer . especially in later instances your healers will run out of energy quite fast , especially in a less experienced group . i do not recommend pets in group since they easily attract more enemies than your party can handle . other usefull skills : beacon of hope to heal your healer in case of emergency power of knowledge to gain power you can then transfer to your healer sticky tar allows your casters/ranged players to kite the enemy more easily herb lore is especially usefull if there are too many enemies for your group to control , it allows you to easily root a whole group of enemies . keep in mind that it is useless against ranged enemies though . sign of power : righteousness is important against enemies that tend to stun a lot , in which case you should keep it up all the time on your healer . all the other skills are nice to have but in groups you have to master the above mentioned skills and make sure you fullfill those tasks before you can expand your play to use all the other skills . lore-master is an even less obvious character than healers , you usually do not see when he does anything , you only see when he does not do what he was supposed to do . i think the lore master is the hardest solo character since it is extremely weak in melee . the pets make it easier but you still tend to die quite fast if you make even a slight mistake . oh , that reminds me of another important point : the lore-master is not a tank , but can be used as a good fighter if traited right . so in some cases you do not need to run in circles , if traited differently though , it is suggested that you do run in circles
caravans under attack are always located in the frontier . head there and you will see a shield icon on the map - that is your caravan : get there , help fend off the redcoats , and you are good .
peter molyneux has said that the only change you will notice is the things other people say to you . nothing major . a complete description of the relationship can be found on the lionhead forums . note this comment about how npc speech is affected : fable iii will read your save file of ii , npc 's will talk about your end game decisions
the models are just collectables and are for fun . you can find a list of them in this question/answer : where are my model ships ?
the ratio of crafting exp to character exp changes depending on your level and your crafting level . craft level 1-100: each craft level grants 1% of the exp required for character level up . craft level 101-200: 2% craft level 201-300: 3% craft level 301-400: 4% so , leveling a craft from 1-400 yields enough experience to gain 10 character levels , regardless of your current level . leveling all crafting disciplines to maximum will take a character to level 80 . interestingly , the experience gain is weighted toward higher crafting levels , so , for example , leveling all crafts to 100 would only grant 8 character levels , compared to the 10 gained by maxing out a single craft .
try to use hamachi to connect two computers in lan and download a program called aoe loader . open the aoe loader and select the hamachi ip and try playing the game . this worked for me . hope it works for you too .
if you are lucky enough to end up in a lake with rock or dirt sides ( not sand ) you can dig 3 sideways into the bank and 2-3 up to create an air pocket to jump up into : from there you can dig your way out . i have done this so often i can now do it in pitch black darkness . maybe i should learn to look before i leap . . .
always prevent a slide out of a valley by holding your finger down at the lowest part of the dip . but let your finger off after coming out of the valley to get some height and speed . when you hit the ground , again hold your finger down to prevent a slide . repeat . basically , you are letting your finger off at the very last moment of leaving a valley and holding it down on the way in to prevent a slide .
yes , at least to all geth i tested on . headshots deal at least twice as much damage to geth , and sniping them makes their heads asplode . in multiplayer , the mantis iv sniper rifle fired into the chest of geth does about half their health ( bronze difficulty ) . headshotting geth with the same sniper rifle kills them instantly , and causes the same head-explosion that organics exhibit .
in order to save your jungle , you need to act quickly to contain it completely . dig a gap that is at least four blocks wide surrounding the entire corruption . note - on the bottom side , corruption will send down hanging vines that will spread corruption , so you must also line the bottom with a non-corruptible material like wood . if it is not feasible to contain all the corruption this way , the best you can do is isolate some parts of the jungle and underground jungle with a four-block wide border , so you have at least some jungle to work with until you get a clentaminator and enough green to cleanse the corruption - which will allow the jungle to spread to those tiles again .
let 's first look a their abilities corpser strain more overall life for you army from extra spawns . more damage from extra spawns . require kills to spawn units with limited life . vile strain reduces damage output from non-ability attacks . prevents enemy escape and helps with own escape . does not help you vs ability like high templar 's psionic storm . both give a nice boost in survivability , but also help with situations where they are not much use . the choice comes down to if your playing style is lacking when it comes to taking down large groups of enemies or slowing down the damage from a few big enemies . since i personally thought it would be harder dealing with the big enemies i went for the vile strain to reduce the incoming damage from them .
can you actually do anything in these situations to not die ? no .
the firmware should only be especially relevant if you have the 80gb model that implemented software emulation ( which was comparatively poor at first , although i believe newer firmwares improved it some ) . the earlier 20gb and 60gb models actually have the cpu and gpu of a ps2 onboard , so it is practically working natively , and that'd be the best approach . the newer firmwares do not disable this functionality . all ps3 systems can play ps1 games on all firmwares ( it is all software emulation , which is trivial for a system with the ps3 's horsepower ) , so this should not be a concern . note that sony actually keeps a database on what works properly . the support is not 100% across the board for any variant of the systems - there are a few games that are buggy . the hard drives are upgradeable relatively easily , and there is built in backup and restore functionality .
several games later has brought me to the educated conclusion that i was mistaken . apparently flak cannon 's visual effect is missiles striking everything within the previously mentioned aoe of 800 . this gave me the false impression that it was effecting my missile barrage skill because i thought the missiles i saw hitting so far out were from the barrage skill but in-fact were from the flak cannon skill . flak cannon only effects gyrocopters basic attack
in the current version of the beta , the final quest is completed when you first obtain ( build ) a distress beacon . there are no further quests .
your hard drive is most likely trying to crash or has some bad data on it . there are a few options . ps3 can restore the file system/database which gets damaged if the ps3 crashes or when the system hangs when trying to do something and you soft reset . to restore : turn off ps3 so the red light is on . hold and keep holding the power button . the console will turn on , and eventually turn off again . once off , with the red light on again , press and hold the power button . you will hear one beep , another single beep after that , and then two beeps in a row . after the two beeps , let go of the power button so it does not turn off again and you will end up in the system recovery menu . from here there are a few options . now this is important , do not click on ' restore ps3' . that will wipe the hdd clean . this should only be your last resort ! ! what you want is the other two options , ' restore ps3 database ' , and ' restore ps3 file system ' . if those do not work , you can try doing a restore or if you know what you are doing , it is super easy and cheap to just upgrade your hard drive and get more space anyway ! : ) instructions and specs you need for doing that are here : http://www.gamespot.com/features/how-to-upgrade-your-playstation-3-hard-drive-6176090/
if you receive a punishment you will be informed the reason for the punishment and what the punishment is . however , if you are currently awaiting judgement by the tribunal you are not informed . this is because there is no reason to tell people they are on tribunal , it just causes them to worry unnecessarily if they did not deserve it . not informing players also prevents players from trying to manipulate tribunal because they do not know they are currently awaiting judgement . as you found out , the issue with not being able to pass judgement is unrelated . i believe you can still pass judgement on other players while awaiting judgement yourself , though this may have been changed .
collecting all three is required to achieve 100% synchronization in the frontier . there are three in the first episode , and they only appear on your map once you get close to them . as well , once you collect all three , a new red assassin icon appears on your map clear off to the southeast of the frontier . i can only imagine that all this will lead up to something with other lucid memories in the future episodes of the tyranny of king washington . so i guess you will just have to wait and see what the big surprise is .
you will eventually get a new ability that helps you get to the bean . spoilers about which ability : the ability you will need is the ball hop , which serves as a higher jump . with it , you can return to the volcano and jump up there .
the four things you have to find are : his voicemail , on the phone next to his bed his emails ( not sure if there is a way besides hacking to obtain this ) the baseball bat in the corner to the right of the door the clock on the mantle , the murder weapon
the wiki now lists the following four requirements for cacti to grow : there needs to be at least a 1 thick layer of sand below it . the cactus requires 1 space of open ground to either side . a raised tile will block growth , but a lower tile will not . the sand it grows on needs to be above the ground level . they only grow in the inner 3/4th of the map .
so , i e-mailed big sandwich games and tyler sigman replied with a very helpful answer : hi ( rapida ) , that is a great question . here are the actual values . feel free to distribute/post/etc . , if you like . the numbers in the brackets correspond to the level of the upgrade . e.g. m_flyspeed [ 1 ] is your starting state . . . level 1 . m_flyspeed [ 8 ] is fully upgraded . best regards , --tyler
update : 2013-04-05 , cheetah speed is switched back on . it is now 2x llama speed . cheetah was once slowed to llama speed . you could still activate it , but it would not go faster than medium speed . patch notes patch 1.2 cheetah speed has been disabled , selecting it will not cause your simcity to run any faster than at llama speed .
that is the portal to the dlc that will be released on july 22 . you can take the portal now , but there is not a whole lot to do in the destination until the dlc is live .
there have been two major content pushes in roughly the past year , i will cover them separately . i also will not bother going into the various mechanics changes or new raid content introduced , as you do not sound interested in those . i will note however that the quality of gear obtainable via badges has increased significantly with the introduction of new content . patch 3.2 , call of the crusade this patch added one new 5 man instance , the trial of the champion , with both normal and heroic modes . both modes drop epic items , with normal mode dropping epics on par with those found in naxxramas-10 and other heroic 5-mans ( including some extremely desirable trinkets ) , and heroic dropping gear on par with ulduar-10 . in addition , 3.2 saw the expansion of the argent tournament , the daily-quest hub in northeastern icecrown , with a new daily quests , new rewards , and a new quest chain . finally , 3.2 saw the introduction of a new battleground in isle of conquest , which brings siege-engine and vehicle gameplay to a 40v40 map ala alterac valley . patch 3.3 , fall of the lich king the primary content introduction in patch 3.3 was the new 5 man instances at icecrown citadel , the frozen halls . there are three of them , which are designed to be completed roughly in order ( in fact , the portal at the end of each leads into the next instance in the series , and to enter any but the first directly , you must be ' attuned ' by completing all three . these instances drop ulduar-10 quality gear on normal mode , and on heroic , drop gear on par with toc-10 ( a new raid released while you were away ) - the best items available in any 5 man , outside of gear bought with badges . the other major change in 3.3 however , is the introduction of the dungeon finder . replacing the old lfg tool , the dungeon finder allows you to select the instance you had like to run ( or you can select to run a random one for additional rewards ! ) , and the roles you are able to fill ( tank , healing , or dps ) , and within minutes , will pair you off with like minded players for a quick run through any 5 man . you can queue as a partial group as well , so you and your wife can queue together , and the game will automatically find 3 other players to finish out your group for any dungeon you had like to run . especially if one of you is capable of tanking , you will find the queues to be phenomenally fast and convenient - no more spamming trade trying to find one more to run an instance !
i guess i will not get any help on this , so i helped my self with the console ! i run these following commands to go to the next stage : after this the dome rises but unfortunately it did not have any lift ! but as the task of the lift was to take me inside the forge , so i use coc DLC1Bthalft01 . after this everything work fine , and i was able to complete the quest without any other console command . better than nothing : )
does not sound right to me . . . if you have a smaller screen , everything on it is smaller too . a character who may have been 10 pixels tall would be smaller , maybe too small to make out properly , especially given that everything around him would be smaller and less detailed as well . a larger screen does mean that there is more to keep track of , but your peripheral vision usually takes care of that anyway . 90% of the time you will be concentrated on a fairly smallish area in the middle of your screen , because that is where you are pointing/looking/walking . a bigger screen does not really mean you will miss things , either - you will never be using a monitor that takes up your entire field of vision ( if it does , you are probably far too close :p ) and human eyes are very good at picking up small movement in the periphery of our range of vision . we notice movement ( but not detail ) very easily there .
you do not have to interrogate all the aliens . if they are not available for interrogation , and you have an alien containment it is because you have interrogated them in the past and forgot about it . you can see all the steps needed for progression here : what are all of the priority missions needed to complete the game ? . you only need to interrogate the sectoid for the full research achievement . it does not prevent you from advancing and finishing the game . you can see here : what does the full research tree look like ? it does not " block " any other research .
no there is not . though , when selecting them you can change their armor to be different ( and provide different bonuses ) . on the xbox , you can hit Y to change it . to see the bonuses , just view the info for the squad member and it is at the bottom . but you are unable to transfer your armor to them . ( it is not the right size anyway ) .
the lcn stock prices update every thirty seconds , unless the game has been on for a significant period of time . as of this post the exchange will sometimes freeze . ( noted this problem after i would left the game paused for three hours . ) saving and loading fixes this , and starts the counter again . the changes are small however , and waiting five to ten minutes between checking will not hurt much , and can give it time to change in whichever direction it is going to move in .
a quarry is a tile improvement constructed by workers on stone and marble resources . it requires the masonry tech to build . stone circles does not benefit resources requiring mines to improve like salt , iron , or gems .
professor layton and the last specter ( or the spectre 's call in europe ) is actually a prequel to the first three games in the series . i have played the first three games to completion , ( this game i have made some progress on but have not finished ) and there is some minor plot overlap , ( a few shared secondary characters , for the most part ) but there is enough backstory in all of the games that you can pick them up out of order and not get too lost . in fact , the first game kind of drops you into the middle of layton 's story anyhow , and fills in the relevant details as it goes along . the primary antagonist of that game does not really get a proper backstory ( and a reason to hate layton ) until game #3 , for example . the focus of the game is really on the puzzles anyhow , and the plot itself tends to be more or less nonsensical for 80% of the game , so i would not stress playing them out of order , and especially not if you start with spectre 's call first .
this process has gotten a lot simpler since the question was originally asked . the dayz site now recommends and links a launcher which installs the mod , updates it , and even lets you launch the game from it . turns the entire process into a few simple clicks , and has the stamp of approval from the dayz team so that you do not have to worry about running an unsupported executable . for dayz to run , you need both arma ii and its expansion , operation arrowhead ( which you have if you have purchased arma 2: combined operation ) .
try using resurrect 1 on her in the console , followed by disable , enable if that does not work . also try sending her off and waiting 30+ days before returning to her .
hold shift key down while dragging and dropping the goods . the game will then ask exactly how many units you want to move . without shift game will move either all or 100 units , which ever is smaller , i think .
well , you can not over write the save that is already on the game , which you got the warning message about when it said " " please press select+up+b at the start menu . " so , if you want to save in game you have to start again and follow that command to be able to save after . with the legit version of black i had the same problem , i bought a 2nd hand version and i got to the first gym and could not save , i had to restart the ds delete the save file and then i was able to save . direct answer no , you can not you have to start the game but before you can start a " new game " you have to follow the " please press select+up+b at the start menu . " command
sure , seems like there is a website for everything gw2-related these days :- ) simply go to http://gw2ores.celsodantas.com/ and choose your server ( s ) . note that the limitation of 2 servers is due to not being able to guest on more than two ( non-home ) servers at a time , not due to gathering limitations . you can even use the above site to choose which servers you had like to guest to based on how many known nodes there are . it lists only top-level nodes ( orichalcum/ancient wood/omnomberries , i.e. not mithril etc . ) , and of course if you find nodes that are not already shown , you can add them simply by right-clicking and choosing the type of node . obviously this is open to a bit of abuse but generally i have found it to be very accurate . you can also help out by confirming existing nodes via the right-click menu . nodes spawn each time a server restarts , so any time you need to download a new game update , the information becomes outdated and nodes may be at completely different locations on different servers ( though there is a finite list of possible spawn locations ) .
i bet its the higher one ( because that is the one i missed too :d ) , you can access it only by going back to the " main cave " ( where you come from ) then following the kind of road that ends up broken over the area where you were looking for the slices . when on the edge of the road 's end look down and it should be on a rock below you . you can watch this video ( at 10:38 ) that give you all the location
if you are able to upload individual mods to your server the unhinged announcement post links to a maintained list of included mods . a major virtue of forge is that install order is almost never a problem when you are dealing with pure forge mods . the mods themselves will have install instructions that should be checked in case there is anything special , but in general forge jar mods can be installed in any order after forge . coremods and plain mods go in a folder to be loaded by forge at launch , and do not conflict . very few or none will be jar mods anyway , and order can not matter for the rest . what you have to watch for is id conflicts in the config files . note that this modpack is intended to have customised configs to make it " hard mode " , so once you have installed all the mods you will still have to download the actual unhinged distribution and consult/copy over the config files to properly set up your recreation of unhinged .
that is the spider puzzle in the end of the game , " tarant " . note : each note has the shape and represents a letter , the notes are organized alphabetically from a-z . to solve this last puzzle you need to have a dialogue with the tarant by reusing a few of the messages you have picked up throughout the game puzzle solution : tarant : hello respond to tarant by repeating the notes to sing " hello " ( frog puzzle ) tarant : i am sad respond : happy ( crying monster puzzle ) tarant : i have no friend respond : i am your friend ( mother of baby spider ) tarant : what do you want ? respond : teddy the other spider puzzle ( not applicable , old answer ) to pass the spider challenge you do not need music , you need the jar with the ant . if you and have not captured the ant , go back to place where it is and use the jar to capture it . once you have it go to the place where the spider is and place the ant in the web . in exchange , you will receive a ball of spider thread .
if you tap the spell , it will cycle through available mana until you come to a combination you like to cast it . do not tap too fast or you will double tap and end up casting it instead .
i recommend you check out http://www.co-optimus.com , it has an extensive catalogue of games by co-op features , and you can filter by online/offline , genre , etc . this is their x360 section
amongst other factors , beating the boss without losing health increases your chance of seeing satan 's room , occasionally satan will not be there and you can instead fight krampus . he fights similar to the fallen .
no , enemies do not take friendly grenade damage . i just had a husk grenade go off right next to a frozen solid husk . the grenade probably should have killed it , but it did absolutely no damage to it ; the health bar was one bar down , just like it was when i froze the husk . the health bar did not flash when the grenade when off either , which it does when enemies take damage .
demon altars cannot be moved or placed without maphacking . the only option is to destroy them ( with the pwnhammer or hamdrax ) . in the screenshot you provided , it looks like that they took their compact crafting station to the altar , rather than the other way around ( like you were hoping to do so ) .
i used them for the lols during fort attacks in the stormcloak/imperial war quests , since there are a lot of targets around you . you can also sneak up to groups of enemies while stealthy/invisible and let off one of them to start the fight . other than that , i did not use them much , for the reasons you mentioned . of all the perks they put in the game , i do not know why there is not a perk to make winding up master spells faster . you are really vulnerable while preparing and holding them , since you can not move .
no i do not believe you can disable this effect .
well , i found the answer but i can not take credit for it . i emailed the creator of mineos crux directly , william dizon , and he got back to me in the same day ! very impressed . turns out that the default installation of mineos crux sets up the linux firewall ( iptables ) to only accept incoming minecraft connections on the default port , 25565 . that means even though my second server was merrily running away , any attempts at connecting were blocked . mr . dizon passed on this link from the mineos crux wiki that explains how to add additional ports to the iptables : http://minecraft.codeemo.com/buildmineos/index.php/iptables once i followed the steps , set up my additional port for the second server , everything worked ! i had forgotten about iptables , and that is a little embarrassing , but live and learn . . . again ; ) thanks again to will dizon !
blinding speed triggers on hit and does not have an icon to indicate that the buff is active . to see this , open the details page of your character and dash into any convenient enemy . if your dodge is already high , you wont see much of an increase , but if you strip down to your skivvies , all will be revealed . additionally , blinding speed will not trigger when used on a destructible piece of the environment .
kripp does explain it well but he does not have all the modifiers listed . here is a complete listing compiled by jarthmarder http://i.stack.imgur.com/evqu9.png
you are not wasting the speed of the scout in arena . running into a group of 12 people is pretty much guaranteed death . scout in arena is exactly as you are doing . you need to wait for people to spread out and rely on your teammates audio cues and voice communications to know where to go . listen for sniper calls or watch the death tracker for sniper kills and then go pick them off . pick off stragglers who might be retreating to find health after a larger fight . arena means that every death is a tip in balance , and as you are the most fragile player , you have got a lot of liability on your shoulders to ensure that you do not waste your life right off the bat ( no pun intended ) . use your double jump to your advantage and consider using the fan to get to good ambush / hiding spots . scout in arena can also be effective bait . get that demo to chase you around the corner into the hands of a heavy/medic combo . a lot of people will tunnel vision and auto target scouts due to their low health . to put it simply , if you are playing scout in arena , you are playing more like a spy in any other match . edit : adding in a bit about defensive play . you can also treat scout in arena like a 6v6 competitive match as the defensive scout . your job is to protect the medic who will likely be glued to a soldier or heavy early on . if the offensive target ( heavy or soldier ) is an attentive player , the fan is a great choice for this due to it is stopping power , buying them a few seconds to turn and destroy ( assuming they are not dead already ) . if they are not terribly attentive , your normal scattergun will do the trick and you are just going to be trying to kill and dodge . lastly , while i do not use it often ( i love me some pistol action ) , you can use the bonk ! energy drink and park yourself between the medic and his assailant to effectively create a wall for 6 seconds while the heavy / soldier / whatever has time to refocus and destroy them . moral of the story : medics can win arenas . treat them well .
when you replay a mission you only have the upgrades you had the first time you played through as @raven pointed out in the comments in the branching missions if you replay the other path you will have all the current upgrades . when i finally got around to playing safe haven i had battlecruisers already .
via gamefaqs : the cheapest way to max your stats outside of no account video and the techno shack . world 1 sushi bar avocado hosomaki at $2.50 x 4 = $10.00 ( +4 spd ) shock wave record smashing turnips at $16.95 x 12 = $203.40 ( +96 str ) crash and the boys at $14.95 x 12 = $179.40 ( +96 spd ) world 5 scott 's dad bbq kebab at $4.95 x 2 = $9.90 ( +4 str ) world 6 mobile 's secret house sauteed shiitake at $9.95 x 25 = $248.75 ( +100 def and +100 wp ) total : $661.45
i have been going through a newly-generated world , traveling across several biomes , and i have seen tall grass everywhere there is regular grass : forests , savannah , plains , etc . the only biomes in which it does not seem to spawn are tundra , deserts , and ( of course ) the nether . tall grass is incredibly common : if you have not seen a ton of it already , one thing to keep in mind is that new terrain features generally do not spawn on already-generated chunks , and you will have to travel to a new , unexplored area to see them . to confirm this , i loaded an existing world i had which spanned a few different biomes ( tundra , taiga , forest , grassland ) . there was no tall grass in any of the pre-generated chunks . however , i found several instances of tall grass immediately after walking into an area that caused the game to generate a new chunk . edit ( thanks , kurley ) : as of 1.6.6 , you can spawn tall grass yourself : when applied to a grass block , one bone meal is consumed and tall grass , and occasionally flowers , forms around and on the grass block .
you can still get on top of the silent cartographer , i have been up there you can move through the all the new scenery up there . halo anniversary literally is halo ce with new graphics thrown over it , a vast majority of the code is exactly as it was in halo ce . i would wager that all of glitches in halo ce are still present in halo anniversary .
if you are using the pc version you can use the console to make him wear the clothes you have pickpocketed onto him . open the console and click on the fellow with the mouse . ShowInventory  find the items you want him to wear and look for the formid . 1 - Item Name (FormID) (other stuff)  then enter : EquipItem FormID  where formid is the number you got from the inventory print out .
the extra blocks you are seeing are just artifacts from the previous frame of the game . caused by either the tv or camera used . i am sure of this because the ui for the next piece does not have enough room for 4 blocks . looking through some game guides shows no mention of 4 blocks either .
there are a lot of prefixes and even more questions about them and their meaning . some have only been seen in pre-release info or screeshots and some effects have not been well documented . there is a fairly good list on the dead island wiki and while it is a bit unreadable , the weapon mod faq lists the prefixes under the associated mods . neither of these consider mods unique to one weapon as adding a prefix for the most part . if you can follow the association of the prefixes to the mods , the dead island wikia has some more detailed effect information . the accuracy of any of these sources is somewhat dubious for the effects so it may take some digging into the games ' files for something more conclusive . as you know , the game takes a base items and then adds prefixes after to modify characteristics . the game uses a weighted random algorithm with the item level as the base value to generate items and it is possible for items to have multiple prefixes . there are also prefixes from weapon mods that can be added and others of unknown origin . i will transcribe the known prefixes ( 107 at present ) and their believed effects , ordering the generated prefixes according to the game 's data file and i will add whether i believe the descriptor is positive or negative : there are still a lot of unknowns pertaining to the prefixes . i have seen the burning prefix shown in screenshots , but i am not sure if they have actually been found and exist within the game or if they were part of the pre-release screens . it is listed on the wiki so i added it , but information on these is scarce . there is also the question of effects on handling as few of these seem to provide their clear effects on it as the critical mods seem to reduce handling and the tiring prefix has been described as doing this as well , but the effect is hard to corroborate .
okay , i got it . you have to jump onto the dead . . . children .
the composition of your team is the first line of defense against anti-mage . having a good core of gank-tasked heroes ( 3+ ) and ideally , no more than 1 hard carry . with anti-mage , like many of the late-game carries ( spectre , void , antimage ) , your game should not fixate on countering him late game , but instead ask what counters anti-mage ? wards , ganks , and pressure you need to shut down these hard late-game carries early . even allowing the completion of a single core item uninterrupted is a bad sign . where you listed 3 high tiered items , the momentum for anti-mage was likely far out of your control to rein in late game . so you are looking to gank him frequently . note that if the enemy team has more than one late-game carry this becomes more difficult for both teams , where your team will need to keep both late-game heroes in check and from the enemy team 's side they need to [ 1 ] not die , and [ 2 ] wait you out . so logically , you need to do the opposite , gank them far more often than you would consider necessary and push down towers . while " kill them and push towers " is a bit too simple-minded of an approach , the crux of the issue is defined . the problem is that in execution , as is commonly the case especially on randomly assembled teams , not many players risk leaving their lane , leaving behind their potential farm-able gold , and losing experience roaming from one lane to another . but what is important here is to reframe the issue , again , and that is a successful gank does not always need to result in a kill . pushing anti-mage out of the lane to hug the tower , deny his gold/experience gain , return to base to heal , or even just added pressure that you guys are coming for him stacks up for an effect in your favor . understanding that ' yes he has blink ' and ' no you probably will not kill him ' you are primarily focused on disrupting his acquisition of gold and experience . laning against anti-mage should involve 2 heroes that can stun or disable , understand when picking a lineup against void , anti-mage , or even spectre , their escape mechanisms ( blink , timewalk , dagger ) are going to allow them to get away from most gank attempts . understanding this , a gank would ideally involve a third hero circling into the lane to stun/disable first ( unexpected ) and then following up with the 2nd and 3rd from the heroes already in the lane stacking the disable duration for a kill and to prevent the blink out . tri-laning ( 3 heroes in your lane against anti-mage from the start ) - is a decent option as well , all 3 heroes need to have a stun , disable , or a decent slow skill for this to be appropriate . you are looking to press hard on the enemy heroes and push through their towers when they linger back . the general idea being heavy pressure and pushing down towers early and getting in the way of the usual progression a carry needs to farm/level . heroes lion - an excellent ganking hero early game ( even before level 6 ) , leveling hex and stun , coupling lion with any other hero ( or two heroes ! ) is an easy combination for early harassment . lion should also be looking to incorporate a blink dagger into his build sooner than later , to quickly get the drop for ganks ( few people stand around as lion charges at you ) and also in order to keep up with anti-mage when possible . blink in , hex , wait , wait , stun , wait wait . this is a long time to be disabled . you can blink to chase as well , but the key here is to get in his face before he realizes stuns are incoming so ideally you are blinking in and disabling before he can blink out . ( rhasta could potentially be an option , though less recommended as his second disable , shackles , requires him to be in the line of fire and also immobilized for the length of the disable , making it less reliable to get the full duration of shackle time ) spectre - if you are looking for a late game carry that will stand up to anti-mage when a game has gone 50-60+ minutes . the problem here is that you are relying on a number of other factors : [ 1 ] that you can out-farm anti-mage , [ 2 ] the enemy team allows you to get to late game without too much gank interference , [ 3 ] the enemy team does not push through to your barracks before your core items are farmed . items scythe of vyse - nothing too surprising on this recommendation , hopefully . later in the game you are looking for a sheep-stick on one or two heroes to help with a few more hex casts as anti-mage becomes more difficult to kill outright . other items - most other items are going to focus on dealing damage , because while mass disables are good , you still need your carry/semi-carries to start taking down his hp ( not necessarily with nukes ) .
from what i have read and played , the following actions decrease nexus health : controlling more capture points than opponents decreases nexus life over time ( x damage per 5 seconds for each point you control if you control more points then enemies ) killing an enemy champion deals immediate damage ( -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 ) achieving a secondary objective ( quest ) deals immediate damage ( -20 life to nexus ) and gives your team a buff ( like nashor in normal mode , except not the same buff ) . those secondary quests appear randomly and consist of capturing a specific capture point . these quest spawn for both teams at the same time and always concern two capture points next to another . point neutralization and point capture ( -3 and -2 life to nexus if nexus life is above 100 )
holding ctrl allows you to do this in steps of 100 instead of 50 .
take this answer with a grain of salt , because i have not tried it myself yet . but i have read elsewhere ( mainly the official sc2 forums ) that your best bet is to : 1 ) turtle up and wall off best you can , while waiting for the ai 's to kill each other ( which sounds like you already do ) 2 ) pick a map with island expansions which you can aggressively expand to and easily defend . not sure what your preferred race is , but the aggressive island expansion obviously favors a terran selection ( as does walling off ) . hopefully someone else can come along and offer some advice based on actual experience : ) update : a sc2 forum post talking about this . they suggest extinction or lava flow for the map . once suggests going toss and massing colossi while making all your enemies zerg . another suggests mass battle cruisers from the islands . http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/forum/topic/248105307?page=2
nope , but just keep in mind that each transfer costs 2600 rp each and it can not be refunded . also keep in mind : if you are in na , transfer to euw , then transfer back to na , you will have to spend 5200 rp .
never mind , i was mistaken . turns out all these trophies ( which i thought were missing ) were inside buildings ( like the courthouse or the church ) . that is why i was not finding their markers on the map , they were not on the main map . i feel a little silly that i spent two days looking for an informant . =/
this method simulates photo mode while offline download nfs hot pursuit camera hack . press esc on at the moment you like to take picture . press num 7 to hide pause menu use num + and num - to move camera in any direction press right shift to speed up camera then use fraps or any other software to take screen shots .
you can exchange weapons only if they have different attachments or modifications . so , a silencer attached scarab differs from a scarab with reflex . if you encounter the exact same weapon as the one you are holding , you will only take the ammo from it . weapons do not wear in crysis 2 campaign or multiplayer .
yes , they do . one of the stats on lighters is Charges . i have not actually used a lighter yet , but presumably , using one in combinations ( with sticks , tinder , or whatnot ) , will reduce the charges available in the lighter .
this article over at wow wiki details battle pet experience gains ! i think you will find what you will need . how catching affects level : catching any pet level 15 or under retains its current level . catching a level 16-20 pet will lose 1 level . catching a level 21-25 pet will lose 2 levels . the xp required to level for pets after level 10 has been dramatically reduced . calculating experience if your pet team prevails in combat , experience is awarded to all surviving pets that participated in combat . pets that do not enter combat have no effect on the experience awarded . similarly , pets that die in combat also have no affect on the experience awarded . the experience that dead pets would have received is not " lost " . instead , the system considers dead pets the same way as non-participating pets . when you defeat an opposing pet , the experience awarded is calculated using this formula : [opponent level + 9] X [level difference + 5]  the level difference is capped at +2 , so there is no benefit to defeating an opponent more than 2 levels higher than your pet . if your pet is 5 or more levels higher than the opponent , it will receive zero experience . when your opponent is level 5 or higher , there will be two of them , and you receive experience for each of them ( 200% normal experience ) . when your opponent is level 15 or higher , there will be three of them , and you receive full experience for the first two , and half experience for the third ( 250% normal experience ) . the quality of the defeated pet does not affect experience gain , and you get full experience if you capture or defeat your opponent . the experience awarded to each surviving pet is calculated by dividing the experience in the table below by the number of surviving pets : for more information on battle pet experience , see the wow wiki article .
in my experience , the factors which effect purchase cost are : current turn/era ( the later the costlier ) number of tiles the city already has ( the larger the costlier ) distance from the city ( the further away the costlier ) whether the tile is one which is considered for expansion - i.e. has a purple border ( if it is , it is about half the price ) for a more complete reference , below is the section from the game configuration file which deals with " acquiring new plots " , as it is called there . any entry with " culture " applies to culture " cost " only , but i am not quite sure what the entries with " influence " mean ; perhaps this applies to both gold and culture cost . ( the section was originally in xml format , but i have changed it to something friendlier )
little steve can be found as a rare drop in any item room ( or shop , or it can be rolled off of any other item with the d6 ) once he has been unlocked . steven also drops little steve when he is killed , most of the time ( i think it is about a 90% chance ) . if you already have little steve when you kill steven , he will instead drop the buff item " steven " . he will also rarely drop " steven " even if you do not have little steve . finally , here is some photographic evidence :
your torchlight saves are kept in %APPDATA%\runic games\torchlight\save\ on windows , ~/.runicgames/Torchlight/Save/ on linux and ~/Library/Application Support/runic games/torchlight/save/ on os x . you can back up your save files by simply making a copy of this folder somewhere else . every time you start or quit torchlight , the folder is synchronized with the version on steam 's servers . if the last modified date of your save files are newer than the version in the cloud , steam will ask you what to do .
i tested every skill and the following attacks refresh sweeping wind . it should be noted that sweeping wind is refreshed when the skill is used instead of when the attack hits . normal attacks all primary skills fists of thunder deadly reach crippling wave way of the hundred fists all secondary skills lashing tail kick tempest rush wave of light dashing strike seven-sided strike finally , using sweeping wind again will refresh the timer and maintain any stacks . although sweeping wind 's description specifies striking an enemy , it can both refresh and stack ( via a crit ) when one of the above attacks is used against a destructible piece of the environment . it can , however be difficult to reach the item you want to strike before sweeping wind itself destroys it . thus , this effect can most easily be seen by using dashing strike to charge and hit an item .
as far as i know , it does not negatively effect your game directly , but it does negatively effect the rating you will receive for that puzzle , and thus lowers your bragging rights , how awesome you will feel and the final overall ranking you receive at the end of the game . for example , here 's what happens after a few false answers to a puzzle , scores a tiny 4 with three attempts and no hints : score of 9 , with one hint and one try : score with 7 , with zero hints and two tries : so , looking over these results , the indication is that using a hint damages your rating for that puzzle far less than an incorrect answer . it is much better to be right first time , even with hints , than to ever put in an incorrect answer !
to be able to perform a double assassination , you have to be in high profile . low profile kills will generally allow you to kill a single target . it is not automatic like it was in previous games . but it ultimately depends on the weapons used . but in the end , it all depends on if two enemies are highlighted and not just one . with the ( double ) hidden blade equipped , when two enemies are close to each other and you are in range of both of them , you must enter high profile and assassinate them . if you are on a higher elevation , it will almost always do a double aerial assassination . if you are carrying a ( loaded ) rifle , you can kill two enemies if they are lined up one behind the other . it does not matter if you stay in high or low profile for this , you will be firing a shot and that is always a high profile move . i do not believe there are other weapons that can kill multiple enemies in a single attack .
i tested this with nidalee for traps , then malzahar for the pet . my runes pages and masteries were both empty to make sure those had no effect on this test . both of these tests were done on the big blue golem at lvl 1 ( 0mr , 9armor ) nid 's trap damage ( no machete ) - 80 ( 20 per tick ) so normal damage since jungle creeps have no mr at the beginning . malz pet damage ( no machete ) - 20 each attack trap damage ( with machete ) - 88 ( 22 per tick ) so yes , there is a 10% increase there . pet damage ( with machete ) - 22 each attack , 10% increase here too . any other champ tests you want me to do , just leave a comment .
there are three main ways to increase approval : technologies that reduce expansion disapproval , in the exploration/expansion tree at the bottom . each tech gives you -22% to the expansion disapproval . ( applied casimir effect gives you the colonization program , applied atmospherics gives you orbital counseling , etc . ) these techs have a green star in the upper-right corner , which is no help at all because almost all of the exploration/expansion techs have that green star . you can not just search for " expansion disapproval " in the tech search box , either . the only hint i can give you is that most of these sorts of techs have an icon that includes a guy in a buddha-like pose , except the first one . technologies that increase approval in a system , in the diplomacy/trading tree on the left . these techs ' icons are pink in the upper-right corner , and are a system improvement that gives a flat bonus to approval ( and possibly other effects on fids ) once built . the easiest-to-get examples : botanical scanning gives you infinite supermarkets for +25 approval , and optimized logistics gives you colonial rights for +30 approval ( and some fids bonuses if they are ecstatic , around ~85% approval ) . lower taxes ; it is a slider in the empire tab . keep in mind that , aside from dust generation and changing your approval , some races get bonuses for high taxes ( humans get bonuses to both dust and industry as taxes go up ) , others get bonuses for low taxes ( the sophonts gain more research as taxes go down ) , and others do not care . low-approval penalties can hit you twice : once for low system approval , and again for low empire approval . do not allow your entire empire to become unhappy with you ; it is just ugly . there are a few smaller things that change approval , but are not universally useful : the less earth-like the planet is , the more your colonists hate living there . class v planets ( gas giants , asteroids ) hit you with -20 to approval ; even class ii planets ( like tundra ) give you -5 . heroes who are administrators can grant approval bonuses , but you only have a few heroes . some planetary anomalies will change approval , up or down . the approval penalties can go away by researching the anomaly-reduction technologies , adaptive colonies and soil revivification . of course , you can not add anomalies to a planet , you are just stuck with whatever 's there already . two endless temples will increase approval in a system : the temple of the aura of glory gives +40 approval to the system , and the temple of applied psychohistorics gives +10 approval per planet in that system . you will not even know if you have a temple until you do a moon survey ( unlocked by adaptive colonies ) , and even then it will probably be a different temple . these are the only things that will give you approval . you will eventually need those techs . higher population will not help - you will lose some approval for overpopulation as your system fills up . from what i have researched on the ' net , expansion disapproval goes up as you add more systems , so settling a small number of systems with many planets might help . note : you only get the expansion disapproval once the system stops being an outpost , a few dozen turns after it is settled . use that grace period to research some of those useful techs before your approval nosedives .
i was able to try this out myself by playing with ai bots and used ursa warrior to solo roshan early on . the result , no you can not . when roshan respawns , he reclaims the untaken aegis laying on the ground .
so there is no way to know for sure what these changes will mean , but here are a few facts that some high level players are pointing out : zerg changes roach range while this is a nice buff to zerg its not nearly as nice for zerg as the terran changes . however , the extra range increase will make roaches more effective against marauders , as well as hellion/reaper harass , and even allow roaches to pick off gateways with photon cannons behind them ( before they could not attack the gateway without being in range of the cannon ) . barracks after supply this is the biggest buff for zerg . this essentially sets terran back 2 marines or 1 bunker on early rushes . as a result its much harder for terran to stop a fast expanding zerg . i would not be surprised if 14 hatch or 13 pool/15 hatch became standard play in zvt . this , combined with the reaper change has a very pronounced affect on zerg openings . reaper speed as reapers have been " solved " in zvt and pvt , i think this change makes less sense . however , this basically puts a nail in the coffin for any sort of early mass reaper . without reaper speed and with the roach range increase its going to become harder ( if not impossible ) for reapers to force early roach speed , and really throw zerg off his game . previously the strength of mass reaper was how it affected zerg play by forcing him into heavy roaches ( or losing ) . a number of zerg have gotten better about this by going earlier roaches , an additional cost that will be less necessary without reaper speed coming early . protoss changes void rays to quote incontrol void rays are only used in specific situations , on specific maps , against specific players . . . i cannot see this change affecting that . drop ship speed while the zerg response to drop ships tends to be more " ground " or mutalisk based , the protoss answer as always been stalker/ht . this change will really effect that match up . not only are drop ships losing 10% of their speed but also 15% of their acceleration . this will make it more easy to catch drop ships with stalkers and dynamically change that match up , for players like qxc ( who has heavy drop ship play ) . i cannot count the number of time i have seen a drop ship escape with a hand full of hit points . thor going away from energy using ht against thors is always been a secondary option . since many players prefer immortals ( for obvious reasons ) this will not have far reaching repercussions ( same goes for corruptors but that is even rarer ) . terran changes zerg and protoss building hit points how many changes do you think that blizzard is going to make that effects marauders without actually changing marauders ? as buildings are all armored , this has a larger effect on marauders . as many players use stimmed marauders to " snipe " buildings , they are going to find that sort of player less effective . . . tvt tvt is not going to change much , but the effects of tvz and tvp have already been documented . if nothing else these changes will reduce the proxy reaper play in 4v4 and 3v3 and bring those match ups more in line with standard play . ultimately its hard to predict what will happen to terran and without any hard facts i would rather not speculate .
if nothing else , you can be sure that if you pay attention and wait long enough , the game you so look forward to will be on sale eventually . i have yet to buy a game on steam without a significant discount . i have had to wait quite a bit for some of them , but the vast majority will come on sale after a while .
this was a bit confusing to me as well . my initial assumption was they ended up in your stash immediately , and this is not the case . items you buy , as well as items you fail to sell or cancel both end up on the " completed " tab when you are finished with the transaction . if this gives you an idea for a crazy auction house storage scheme you may be interested in this answer as well . from the auction house faq : items that are not sold are returned to the seller , and items that are sold are delivered to the winning bidder . in each case , the item appears on the player’s ”completed” page in the auction house interface , where the item can then be moved to the player’s shared stash . items in this list will not be lost over time , but the maximum is a total of 50 items ( including both your unsold and purchased but not stashed items ) . it is not possible to list new items once you reach 50 , although you can still list items even if the total of your active auctions + the number of items on your completed tab is greater than 50 . for example , you can have 49 items on the tab , plus 10 items in auctions that expire or are cancelled , and the end result will be 59/50 items on the completed tab . according to a pre-release blog post , they were considering counting canceled/expired aunctions on the completed tab against your 10 active auctions ( search for " items that have expired " to find this clause ) , but according to the current contents of the auction house faq , it appears that this restriction has been removed .
while arda xi 's comment seems to imply that you will not be able to grab them from the game folder , this guy on reddit and this guy have been uploading hi-res images of the posters somehow ( perhaps recreating them themselves ? ) , so if you want them , here are a few : also , if you are interested in buying prints of the posters , valve is selling them in the valve store : here are the underground posters , the 1940s posters , and the " my boss is a robot " .
i do not know about any long-term ramifications ( i doubt there are any ) but . . . if you give the ring to harold ( actually it says you will sell him the ring ) , he will thank you and reward you with 100g . your journal will update that he headed for the docks immediately to return to his family in skyrim but i found him still lounging around the inn a day later , swilling ale and munching on a hunk of bread . reload , give the ring to svea ( 'scuse me , " sell " the ring to her ) . . . she thanks you , gives you a 300g reward and asks you to take the ring and armor to rangarr to have it repaired . interestingly , at this point i saw harold headed out of town , maybe going to the docks to return to his family ? i would have gladly given him some money myself to help them out but i could not interact with him in any way . anyway , after waiting around for about 3 hrs , you pick up the armor and take it back to svea , who gives you another 100g reward and asks you to present it to gabrial for her . guess she has a crush on him . : )
the game crashes in haemar 's shrine if you have already completed " a daedra 's best friend " . bethesda have announced a fix for this issue in the skyrim 1.4 patch .
nope , you can not . the bridges move if they are not lined up right and if you fly , so . . . i should say that i did this before i understood what the puzzle was , it was really annoying . . .
no . the new abilities will apply to any member of your party . going forward , anyone on your team ( including those you have yet to meet who will join in the future ) , will gain the ability to learn magic . to have them do so , simply have them equip a piece of magicite - at the end of every battle from now on , in addition to experience points , you will earn magic points , which go towards unlocking the spells associated with the particular espers your party members have equipped . to equip espers , open the menu , select Skills , one character , then pick Esper . each esper has unique spells associated with it , so you will want to move them around , and equip new ones as you acquire them in order to maximize the availability of important spells to all party members . those characters with innate magic abilities ( such as celes ) , will also continue to learn specified new spells as they progress in levels . if you had like to avoid redundancy here , you can consult a guide , but it is pretty hard to ' waste ' mp in this manner , and by endgame , you will have mastered all of the spells you need , so i would not worry about it too much .
there is a walkthrough i found on youtube , and this particular room is covered starting at 5:25 . it appears that you are able to step/run across the gaps without having to jump , which allows you to easily reach the elevator platform in the center .
the building is your pokélab . there are several of them around the world , and each player starts at the pokélab closest to their actual position ( determined by the location data provided by the access point , which is either a physical network for wifi connections , or the mobile cell for mobile internet connections ) . it is a reference to the actual pokémon games , where your adventure usually starts in the professor 's lab , where you are given your starter pokémon . since in this incarnation , you do not need your own pokémon to go into tall grass and catch more pokémon , the whole starting stuff is left out , but the lab is still left there for reference . as far as i can tell and was able to find out with a rough search , the lab is not accessible and does not really serve any purpose except being a point of reference in case you get lost . and they are a location where you can actually find pokémon .
no . the energy cells are used as ammo for the protectron 's weapons only . it does not use them as a power source . however , if you pickpocket their ammo , they will no longer be able to fire their weapons . this does not mean the amount of ammo they have defines how often they can fire , this is actually unlimited so long as they have at least one round .
plants do in fact respawn . just outside of the starting village ( to the left of the path dennis leads you down to point out the first radio tower ) there is a green plant in a small field ; i have harvested it several times . i do not know what triggers respawning , or if the respawn interval is somehow fixed .
i believe that once they have their leashes on them , they cannot be re-tamed , so you are going to have to find a new wolf with your friends , and make sure that they have the bones instead
there is technically three types of powers in mass effect : active powers , grenades and passive abilities . active powers a single global cooldown . a skill either activates the global cooldown or it does not . skills that do not activate a cooldown are only limited by how quickly you can perform the action ( the time it takes to switch ammo/throw a grenade ) . most powers listed as a base power here qualify as active . these are your standard attacks and always cause a cooldown . passive powers are always active and do not have cooldowns , simple enough . ammo powers are technically passive , and you can always switch ammo regardless of cooldown . tech armor is basically a passive power unless you detonate it . grenades do not use a cooldown either , and if something seems like an " active " power and it does not activate the cooldown , that is because it is technically a grenade . proximity mines , nova and sentry turrets are all technically grenades . nova has a " cooldown " that is actually based on your biotic barrier ( the purple " shield " vanguards have ) . you can not use nova if your biotic barrier is empty , but it otherwise ignores cooldowns like a grenade .
1 . sentry kills do not count as kills ! 2 . 1 . yes , barrel-kills are counted &nbsp ; &nbsp ; &nbsp ; 2 . no , they do not count as a weapon kill . 4 . offhand items : hornet barrage ✓ yes smart bomb ✓ yes hand grenades ✓ yes assault jets ✓ yes electric armor ✓ yes laser trip mines ✓ yes incendiary mines ✗ no tesla sentry coil ✗ no
once you have finished the chasing echoes quest you will be given another opportunity to become a vampire lord , even if you originally sided with the dawnguard . details that may be considered plot spoilers : before you can enter the soul cairn , serana will tell you that you need to be " dead . " at this point , you can choose to let her turn you into a vampire lord or let her partially soul trap you . using the former will ( obviously ) turn you into a vampire lord . in addition , you can choose to ask her to transform you at any point after this quest , regardless of what you choose for accessing the soul cairn . however , it is also worth noting that there is a dialogue that will give you the option to convince serana to cure her vampirism . if you do so , you will lose the ability to have her transform you at later points since she is of course no longer a vampire herself . i will also note that this was how i played it , and i had not finished some of the dawnguard sidequests before becoming a vampire lord , causing them to become blocked unless i cured myself ( so be wary of that ) .
i just climbed skyrim 's tallest mountain for you . the notched pickaxe increases smithing by five . it is not leveled loot , and does not stack .
the portal rfid device operates at 13.56 mhz and uses standard rfid protocol . any rfid reader that can operate at this frequency should be able to work with the figurines , though i have not tested this myself . the fcc filing for the portal device may be found here : https://fjallfoss.fcc.gov/oetcf/eas/reports/viewexhibitreport.cfm?mode=exhibitsrequesttimeout=500calledfromframe=napplication_id=170335fcc_id=%27xlu83973790%27 by the way , if you are interested in rfid technology the portal may not be a bad way to get started . make has a really cool article about how they put together the first prototype for the game using arduino and hacking together a bunch of off the shelf technology pieces ( including a kitchen drain ! ) to get a proof of concept they could demo . ( developing skylanders’ innovative “portal of power” )
minecraft 's difficulty setting is an option ; it is not reliant on your saved game . when you load minecraft and you are presented with the options to load singleplayer or multiplayer , click on options . . . . then , click on the difficulty option until it cycles back to " peaceful " . when you load your world , all the hostile monsters will disappear . if you later want to increase the difficulty , do the same thing , but cycle the difficulty to " easy " or higher . you can also do this after the world is loaded by pressing esc to pause the game and clicking on options . . . when setting the difficulty to " peaceful " in-game , hostile mobs will instantly disappear when you return .
the health you get is not per hit , but rather a percentage of the damage you deal . from the numbers i have seen in-game , it looks like there is a progression : 20-39 damage = 1 hp 40-59 damage = 2 hp 60-79 damage = 3 hp basically , it looks like you get 5% of the damage you deal as health , rounded down . some test data from who knows where : 34 = +1 42 = +2 50 = +2 62 = +3 78 = +3 112 = +5
yes , to answer the question in the title . no , to answer the question at the end of your post . nethack is effectively turn-based . you perform your action , other entities in the game perform theirs .
are you sure the chat is displaying your real name to other people in the channel ? you real name should only be shown to real id friends . i bet that you are not actually giving anything other than your alias .
in plain simcity 4 , sims will take the shortest route by distance to their location . this leads to some rather illogical travel paths where sims will take the overburdened street and ignore your empty 6 lane highway right next to it . the only way around this is decentralisation . do not just have an industrial third , commercial third and residential third to your city , have several zones dotted around . mass transit also helps , but again there is a tendency for sims to ignore it . spamming bus stations is the easiest way to get mass transit going . there is a mod called the network addon mod that fixes this issue by making sims take the shortest route by time to their location . it also gives you far more options for transport . decentralising your zones also helps with nam installed , but you can also work by having some redundancy too - like having a subway and highway going to the same location . this works far better under nam than under plain simcity , where sims will only ever avail themselves of one option , regardless of how overused it is .
no there is no way to change your patron god . source : i found the same question you asked on the official forum of the game and all replies to this question were negative . i would not worry about it thought because patron god bufffs do not really make much of a difference , while i do agree that 1% experience buff is almost un-noticable other god buffs are not really that great either . some of the better god buffs are those 5% additional mana/hp and if you do some calculations you will see that those 5% really make almost no difference
there is no such thing as " viability " in skyrim . you can simply outlevel almost any challenge in the game since enemies have a cap at which they no longer scale . some builds are slower and less efficient but that does not make them unplayable . " viablility " is a term that should be reserved for situations where you cannot use grinding to outlevel the enemy . if you do find it too difficult with your build just lower the difficulty a notch . skyrim is meant to be played with whatever character you want , you should not worry about " viability " .
in the options menu , you can select a player indicator to be shown over your character 's head . only works in online multiplayer or playing against bots though .
if i recall correctly , the controls only differ in the fact that B is melee , and RB is change grenades . also , there is no halo 3 mapping that is similar to the default halo reach mapping . if it was the other way around it would be different . the Recon mapping in halo reach is similar to the default halo 3 mapping . the closest you will get is the default halo 3 mapping . this is all going based on memory though ( i am currently lending my halo 3 copy to a friend ) , so i could be incorrect ( i will let you know when i get my copy back ) .
the level of the mission dictates the levels of enemies ( or the levels they start at for endless defence ) . bosses and nightmare mode 's enemies are higher level than the mission level , but they also depend on it . bosses in lower level missions will be much lower level than those in pluto/europa . difficulty seems to refer to the amount of enemies .
if you right-click a tamed wolf , it will sit . this prevents it from following you . further details can be found in the minecraft wiki article on wolves , specifically on the movement section .
replacementdocs . com offers the manual for download ; but it is in . pdf format , unfortunately .
the " easier " skills are those that are least situational , those that are constantly useful and do not require leveling up a lot before becoming so . my " easiest " builds so far have been very combat-centric selections , and will normally consist of ( in no particular order ) : swords , axes or maces . i personally favour swords , but maces have a very useful knock-back bonus at level 2 . overall they all have pretty much the same effects at each level . artful dodger or master of arms depending on if you intend to go with roguish dodging or heavy armour - either can work ( so can both ) , but be wary that high armour absorption will not help against elemental attacks later on , but a high block score ( which you get from armour and shields ) can . artful dodger also provides the very handy knightly leap skill ( level 3 ) that lets you perform short-range teleportation , so if in doubt pick that and concentrate on your dodge skill . burglary , because infinite lock picks are a must ( level 2 ) , and the easier avoidance of traps is handy . the invisibility trick at level 4 is also really helpful if you get in trouble . berserker rage provides randomish buffs than appear when you fight to make you stronger for a short period of time ( and can stack for some really hefty bonuses ) . the 3rd level provides a number of permanent defensive buffs . assassination provides more bonuses in combat , these mostly do a little bit extra damage , but most usefully either put enemies to sleep or stun them . smithing ; there is nothing quite like having really good equipment from an early stage . this skill does require leveling up to be really useful , but is seriously worth the effort . fungal arts will provide a near-infinite stream of buffs and heals from mushrooms , but does require a lot of micro-management ( so can be a little dull , to be honest ) . this is really strong if you keep generating mushrooms , which you can do at level 1 so the skill can be ignored when leveling up , allowing you to concentrate on your combat skills . if you do not fancy the effort of fungal arts , swap it out for perception . it is another passive skill ( or less to think about ) , which lets you see further and adds bonuses to your dodge and enemy dodge reduction scores so helps in combat . you could also consider viking wizardry if you do not want to consider your mana wasted , the level 1 buff spell is very useful in combat at the start of the game , but the skill tree does become less useful as you level up and get better equipment so it might be something you want to neglect .
as mentioned in the accepted answer to this question , you can drop the gem to the ground and it will be emptied .
yes , dots become effects on the target , so when you die they remain . have not you died in pve after you kill a mob but the dot kills you ? same thing in pvp .
the answers to that are highly situational depending on the map , the matchup and the current phase and state of the game . i can only give rules of thumb , in some situations it might be better to do the opposite . the most important factor for tank micro is focus fire . have your tanks on a separate hotkey to shoot and the most important stuff first . as an example if there are lings and banelings rolling in , tell your tanks to shoot into the center of the baneling clump instead of the lings that are closer to the tanks , this will a . prevent tanks from damaging your own marines and b . protect your marines from damage so they can clean up afterwards . if you want to advance towards his base , for example to turn a contain into a kill , unsiege 2-3 tanks at a time and move the forwards about 1-2 tank lengths , then siege them again . while they are moving , you can order more groups of 2-3 tanks forward as long as you still have half your tanks sieged . obvious , but for completeness sake : unless you need some protection in the rear , start moving forward with the tanks in the back . i found the fastest way to move tanks forward is to press d ( unsiege ) , rightclick to where they should go , then e ( siege ) all while holding shift , this makes tanks unsiege , move and siege again without requiring more input from you . keep tanks spread out in groups of 2-3 in range of each other , about 2-3 tank length away from the other groups . it takes 2 shots to kill most small units ( marines/banelings ) and 3 for the common armored ( roaches/marauders ) , so grouping them in those small groups increases the chances of each group shooting at a seperate target for maximum killing power . against enemy tanks you might want to keep about a tank length distance between the individual tanks . have groups of marines spread to cover against mutalisks or banshees . about 10 marines should be close enough to all tanks to reach them with stim before mutalisks or banshees can kill more than one or two tanks . do not have all your marines chase the opponent 's air units , it will leave you open for attack on the other side . maintain tank spread by moving the groups of tanks individually . if there is any danger of getting attacked , do not unsiege all tanks , a-move and then siege again , your tanks will be clumped up and easy to pick off by flanks , burrowed infestors or ling runbys . for tvz , once you reach creep , never have more than half your tanks unsieged . as long as you do not know where his army is , do not move forward . siege up in key positions , for example the center highground on antiga shipyard and from there concentrate on dropping and harassing with small groups of units . after you won a trade with a significant portion of your army left , move forward . keep in mind that in tvz , the zerg can reproduce zerglings very fast , so do not get greedy and unsiege everything . if you reach ~150-170 supply and have added more factories and barracks to reproduce faster , start leapfrogging forward and force the opponent to trade against sieged tanks .
the zen garden - automation page/section from plants vs . zombies wikia answers your question : [ after feeding a piece of chocolate to the snail ] he will become extremely hyper and continue to collect coins at a high rate of speed ( for a snail ) for about an hour . however , he cannot be fed more than one piece of chocolate at a time . as weird as it is , you can also feed chocolate to your plants , causing them to drop coins more quickly . [ after plants start glowing in a gold aura , and without using chocolate on them ] the drop rate starts out relatively high , and decreases as the day progresses . [ … ] as stated previously , plants drop more often right when they become happy ; as a result , chocolate is best given at that time , when they give the maximum increase . you say you would like to leave the zen garden open while you sleep , however i do not know if that is a good idea : it will glow with a gold aura ( signifying that the plant is " happy" ) [ … ] and then drop coins and occasionally diamonds for the rest of the day . i do not know what happens to the zen garden right after the midnight . i know that closing the game before the midnight and opening it after the midnight will make the zen garden " reset " to all plants needing watering . i do not know if the same happens if the game is left open during the midnight . finally , the same page from that wiki says that you can move the mushroom and aquatic plants into the main garden section ( if they are already happy/glowing ) , and they will still drop coins even in the " wrong " environment . read that page for more details .
there is no direct indication that the two missions are the only ones , but once those two missions are completed , all of the other campaigns unlock , which would indicate that the tutorial is complete .
it certainly does for your own console once you finally make it . every time i made a game for my console the sales of it rocketed . as far as other consoles i would not say so . pc naturally dips and then starts to get better , it could have been coincidental timing . the way the game is designed is such that you are supposed to take note of the market share of each console and work around it , rather than control it .
you need to upgrade your city hall and get the department of transportation module added on to it . when this happens you will be able to build the train components needed to connect to it . you can find the train components under the transport menu ( looks like a bus ) and then under the trains section . if you hover over the items there it will show you the requirement in order to purchase that item . hope this helps .
just did this today on normal . i killed them both very quick but the pilot still died as the 2nd one exploded so do not think you can save the pilot or maybe i was just a second to late . i do not think i could have taken them down much faster since i play an infiltrator with maxed disruptor ammo , tactical cloak and operational mastery all focusing on max head shot damage . i am using a black widow v with extended barrel iv and enhanced scope v and this gear :
unfortunately i do not believe that you can in the replay . however , the data can be mined from a combination of sources . you can look at the unit window at the end of the game and see how many harvesters they have and then compare it to the number of workers created at the score summary . this only helps if you have the game still in your recent game history in which you can see the score screen which you should if you are looking at a game you just played . edit : your other option is to watch the income overlay along the left hand side during the course of the replay . it shows you the number of harvesters at that moment in time so as the game goes on you can see how many they currently have . you will still need to do math to see what they started at and what they have fallen to after an attack to get " workers killed " in a skirmish , but you will not have a running tally unless you go with the good old pen/paper method along with that .
high and g rank armors can be recoloured , as indicated by the square next to the equipment . the colour indicates what colour it currently is . you can recolour the equipment via your equipment box , by going to manage appearance &gt; change armor pigment . note though , that this does not change the entire colour scheme of the armor .
this is a glitch relating to the updating of blocks . in short , the issue is that when the powered rail is placed , it does not check to see if the block it is on is already powered , but keeps its state until a nearby block updates , such as might happen when you place a redstone torch that would power it . when that redstone torch is removed again , the track checks to see if it still powered , and , realizing that it is , stays on . ( c . f . the glitch that would give free power to tracks placed on a slope when one was removed from a chain of powered rails ) . anything that causes the track to be updated should make the track powered ; such as placing the tracks sequentially from bottom to top , meaning that the initial state of the powered rail will be flat : when the next rail is then placed , pulling the end of the powered track up , it updates and gets power . another alternative , as dan f mentioned , is to simply place the torch after the rail .
there is no version of civilization 5 for the xbox 360 . there is civilization : revolution , but it is a completely different game . even if there were , it is fairly rare that pc and xbox 360 players can play multiplayer together . i can think of perhaps a handful of games where this is the case . so the answer is no , you can not play civilization 5 between a pc and the xbox 360 .
you can backtrack to the levels you found the things in and pick them up again ( except for the required ones like the scissors and fan ) . you can also buy any things you have previously found in the " shady " toad shop in decalburg ( far west side of the area with the fling-a-thing sticker conversion place ) . you can not purchase a previously acquired thing if you have its sticker in your inventory or album .
eating ( and sleeping ) generally relate to your stamina . if you continually let your stamina drop but not eating and not sleeping , or sleeping late ( after 11 pm ) , you will start to notice adverse effects . stormy days burn your stamina faster , so making sure to eat on those days can help you accomplish more in a day . if your stamina drops during the day , and you do not eat , you will eventually grow tired and if you let it drop completely , you will pass out . when you get to that point , you will notice that your health drops , and you will have to make sure to take care of yourself ( by eating and sleeping ) in order to build it back up again . if you generally avoid using most of your stamina in a day , and manage to sleep early on most days , you will not find that there are any adverse effects to not eating .
dragonvale wiki entry for ruby dragon : the ruby dragon can only be bred by selecting a chrome dragon to mate with a scorch dragon at the breeding cave/epic breeding island . their breeding time is 31 hours
unless you are extremely accurate , a bolt-action rifle ( like the jng-90 ) will not suffice for close quarters . you will need a semi-auto rifle . there are two " levels " of semi-auto rifles - the qbu-88 , m110 , m39 , and svd , which all deal 50 damage at close range ( enough for a two-hit kill or 1-hit headshot ) with 10-round magazines and 260 rpm rates of fire ( the m39 has a 300 rpm ) . the m417 and sks have 20-round magazines with slightly higher rates of fire ( 295 for the m417 , 333 for the sks ) , but they have higher recoil numbers and slightly less accuracy . also , the sks only deals 43 damage at close range , requiring a headshot for a 2-shot kill . the guns all behave slightly differently , so i would recommend trying out the weapons first to get your own opinion , as many different players i play with prefer different weapons . you can take a look at the source charts here , but my recommendation would be the m39 emr , as it provides good rof , damage , and accuracy .
try this : go to your control panel , click programs , go to default programs and click " set your default programs . " in the left side of the screen , choose your internet browser ( the one you normally use to open battlelog ) and below the info box , click " set this program as default . " ( source ) if this does not work , you can try disabling your firewall ( you may have to uninstall before disabling , though ) .
they activate spring traps , but usually can run past the trap . an example of a goblin being hit is if the spring trap is right next to a collector or storage , and the goblin goes to attack the building . source
the cost of improving a skill you level up depends on whether or not that skill has been used successfully on the previous character level . skills that have been used successfully on the previous character level will only cost 1 skill point to improve , otherwise they will cost 2 skill points instead . so basically you will want to make sure you use all weapons and interactions you want to improve cheaply ( with only 1 point ) before you level up . source : personal experience , wiki
it is random . so we could say the only thing affecting it is your own luck . source : personal experience , wiki , official forum ( can not find that thread now so now link to it )
you need to switch to hermione , she can throw some spells at the goblins .
yes in my experience , you can find more than one arcade room per play through . i once had 3 in a row ! as mentioned before , the wiki does not say it can not happen .
it should suffice to launch steam with the -bigpicture switch . C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\steam.exe -bigpicture  windows 8 boots to metro , of course , so you may want to either use one of the windows 8 " backwards compatibility tools " like start8 , or to run a very little script in ahk at boot time : Send #D  . . . or you can use windows 7 instead ( windows 8 sp1 might also let you skip to metro )
there are definite synergies between various classes and certain weapon types . first of all , many powers and abilities only work with specific weapons , or give special bonuses when used with specific weapons . for instance , vanguards have access to a number of bonuses to shotgun damage , and soldiers have access to several assault rifle upgrades . infiltrators have access to lots of sniper rifle synergies . additionally , only soldiers and infiltrators experience the ' time dilation ' effect when looking down the scope of a sniper rifle - this is invaluable for setting up headshots . finally , different classes have different weight allowances . because some weapon types - notably assault rifles and sniper rifles - are much heavier than others , trying to carry one with a class with a low weight capacity ( like an adept ) will result in a large penalty to your power recharge times . this is an important tradeoff , since these classes essentially live and die by effective use of their powers . tl ; dr : while you are not required to use certain weapon types , there are definite rewards for specializing in something suited to the combat style of your class .
go to beach back road , backroad is a flashing step . in there you will find a different flashing step towards the top and that is crab cove . : )
no you do not . you merely need to open the book to the first page . you should read the whole thing though . the lusty argonian maid is quite a ripping yarn .
do you end up on network or playstationnetwork menu ? if you always start on the what is new menu , you can change this in settings > system settings > display [ what is new ] and set it to off . reference in the manual .
rather than trying to do it in-game , you can use mcedit to achieve the same effect . in mcedit , select an area of air and use the fill and replace tool to select sand . save your world , and voila : floating sand . apparently , sand does not start falling until it is interacted with . there is also a weird interaction between sand and torches , in that sand will float above a torch : minecraft physics is the best kind of physics .
it appears the question was about pokémon red , blue , and yellow specifically . almost every pokémon had their movepools and the levels they learnt moves changed from gen i to the advanced generation ( gen iii ) , so here is a list of the pokémon that learnt moves as they levelled up within the gen i games ( solely red , blue , and yellow ) : charmeleon to charizard , level 36 , wing attack caterpie to metapod , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) metapod to butterfree , level 10 , confusion ( only yellow , not red or blue ) weedle to kakuna , level 7 , harden ( only yellow , not red or blue ) mankey to primape , level 28 , rage ( only yellow , not red or blue ) poliwag to poliwhirl , level 25 , doubleslap bellsprout to weepinbell , level 21 , stun spore slowpoke to slowbro , level 37 , withdraw magikarp to gyarados , level 20 , bite dratini to dragonair , level 30 , slam ( information compiled from serebii .net's rbygsc pokédex ) .
from the wiki to do this , place a red soapstone sign anywhere in the castle in one of the areas around the 2 last bonfires and in time you will be summoned . you are more likely to be summoned if you replace your sign every ten seconds or so , rather than leaving it alone on the ground . this also minimizes your chances of being summoned by a player . you do not have to place it in king 's passage . it is also possible to get summoned by the looking glass knight by using a cracked red eye orb .
the answer is b or c depending on what you mean with 100 damage : if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to the creep you are about to hit for whatever reason , then sleight of fist does not matter at all and the calculation is : 100x ( cleave% ) x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) = 100x ( 50% ) x ( 150% ) = 75 damage . the answer is b if you are supposed to deal 100 damage to heroes , then the calculation is tricky and requires to know the level of sleight of fist you have because it deals both bonus damage to heroes and 50% of normal damage to creeps . the answer is c i guess your question was regarding the interaction of quelling blade and cleave , and sleight of fist is not really necessary here as it is just a source of confusion . the answer is : cleave and quelling blade do stack , if you are late in the game and you happen to have cleave% x ( 1+quellingbladebonus% ) > 1 ( disregarding armor ) you are better off hitting creeps than heroes if you have the chance to . note that it is not reliable with sleight of fist as you do not have a lot of control over the angle you hit the creeps from .
replays are usually lost or set to unavailable after there is a update or maintenance window . source : personal experience
it may be possible only when the transfer window is open . in real life , the summer transfer window for the eredivisie seems to run from july 1 through august 31 or september 1 , and the winter transfer window runs from january 1 through january 31 . if you are not currently in a transfer window , you may not be able to ask your agent to start negotiations with a team .
there are several guides discussing this , and there should be some youtube videos as well : http://www.gamespot.com/xbox360/rpg/falloutnewvegas/show_msgs.php?topic_id=m-1-57467981pid=959557 the quick version involves : picking up the goodsprings snowglobe ignoring all quests looting the goodsprings schoolhouse using stealth boys to sneak past the deathclaws on your way north selling everything you find that is not nailed purchasing a fake passport into the strip having enough funds to purchase the intelligence implant
no , a tile may only be worked by a single city on any given turn . if you tell a city to work a specific tile that another city is already using then the other city will be forced to stop working it . it is possible to get the other city to start working the tile again ( but only by stopping the new city from doing so ) - the tile is never " locked " to a particular city . you should determine what bonus output the wonder has and then try to work it from a city that takes the most advantage of that - so if you have a gold-generating wonder , let a gold-generating city work the tile , for example .
fliers will not plummet to their doom if a floor is removed from under them while they are conscious . stunning them with a small cave-in will wipe the smiles off their aerodynamic faces . in fact , a cave-in can also be the trigger for a drop trap as well as a means to stun fliers - build a platform suspended by a single support from below ( make sure the support is immediately below the floor tile ) , then drop a tile of floor on top of the support . the structure will collapse . of course , if you are using cave-ins , you can just as well kill them all with it , and not faff about with drops . protip : cave-ins will continue through until encountering a natural stone block . make sure not to accidentally smash through your grand stairwell or something .
in rome total war a lot of factions tend to be weaker . gaul is certainly one of them especially if you are playing rome . a ceasefire is essentially saying , " leave us alone please , we can not take it anymore . " you have four options , you can either : take the ceasfire and not attack them . this choice it stupid and pointless , if you were beating on them you probably want them off the map for good . ask for a a demand of denari per year or in a lump sum and leave them alone for a little while . ( they will usually eventually break the ceasefire ) . they will most likely accept the demand at a price of you allowing the ceasefire . ask for a demand and when all the money is payed compleltey erradicate them like a man . deny the ceasefire and completley erradicate them . personally , gaul always annoyed me and was always an easy wipe so i would take the ceasefire demand money and then destroy them . thats the traditional rtw way . also , diplomacy in rtw is kind of broken , so there is really no negative connotations to breaking your ceasefire besides of course the faction in question getting mad and maybe their allies . which gaul tends to have no allies becasue they are barbaric crazy people . diplomacy in rtw is mostly just to beef up your trade routes until you destroy everyone around you . never let your allies get to powerful though ! you will have to take them over eventually if you want to dominate the whole map .
for both followers and non-follower npcs , any quest-reliant companions will continue with you on any quests in which they are relevent - initially , this includes the templar , the scoundrel , and the enchantress ( all for different quests ) . at that point in time , regardless of whether or not you are playing multiplayer , they are not actually considered " a follower " - you cannot adjust their abilities or inventory . after they have been recruited as your follower , it will prompt you as to whether or not you wish to keep them . if not , you can hire them again in town any time you are playing alone in a game . if you are playing with multiple players , followers cannot be hired . if you have a follower when you game switches from single player to multiplayer ( i.e. . someone joins your game or you join someone else 's game ) , your follower will be " un-hired " ( teleported back to town , where you can re-hire them next time you are alone again ) . as mentioned by @hurda in the comments , when all co-op players leave , the game will prompt you with the option to re-hire your previous companion , who will join you again without having to go back to town . tl ; dr you cannot hire a follower in multiplayer , and anytime you either gain any or lose all co-op players , the game auto-dismisses or prompts for re-hire .
there is another similar but broader question here . the answer left unresolved your particular question - what happens to roads you build in other players borders . short answer : roads inside a civilization 's territory are paid for by the owner of the territory . roads outside any borders ( neutral territory ) are paid for the constructor of the road . so you can theoretically wage economic warfare by building roads in other players land . also another nugget - roads that used to be in a civilization 's borders ( aka when a city is razed ) are free - nobody pays for them . sources : some empirical work with screenshot from a hot seat game on settler difficulty , so 3 roads = 1 gold . you pay for roads outside your territory - 6 roads here owner of territory pays for roads you build in their territory ( view from both sides - 9 roads built by teal , 3 in blue , 3 neutral , 3 in teal ) and nobody pays for roads that used to be in someone 's territory ( screwed up the screenshot from the original owner 's side , so you will have to take my word for it ) [ insert missing screenshot ] also , some quick digging around in the sdk source code . since my digging was somewhat cursory , there might be some more edge cases around . the relevant code files and functions in the sdk are : ChangeBaseImprovementGoldMaintenance() in CvTreasury.cpp , which is called in a variety of functions in CvPlot.cpp to remove and add maintenance cost when plot ownership changes , such as setOwner() - note that when ownership is taken of a plot ( aka plot becomes part of a civilization 's territory ) , the variable tracking the original constructor is set to nobody setRouteType() - called by changeBuildProgress() when a road is completed , which also calls SetPlayerResponsibleForImprovement() if the road is built outside anyone 's territory setPlotCity() - only seems to be used when a city is about to be razed , called by PreKill() in CvCity.cpp
this is not a glitch . most siege weapons get the +200% bonus against cities . ( presumably , so they are more effective against cities than they are as imprompteau ranged units ) . battering rams get +300% , though , which is where i think your confusion might be coming from . rocket artillery
an aquifer is one or more layers of rocks that spew water in all four horizontal directions , as well as down , if there is empty space there . aquifers are discussed in depth here : aquifers there are seven or eight methods of dealing with aquifers discussed there . in addition , the double slit method is one of the more straightforward , though painstaking , methods for dealing with any aquifer : double slit method the double slit method uses pumps to pump water from one side of your work site , draining excess water into other aquifer blocks , while miners dig out the walls around the work site , and masons or carpenters then wall off those dug out sections . after each layer of the aquifer is secured , the next lower layer is probed , and , if there is another layer of the aquifer , the same process is repeated . once the bottom of the aquifer layers has been found , a slightly different draining procedure is used to secure the lowest aquifer layer .
it is no mistake that the port number is 54033 , the lan port is usually randomised . if your friend can not see your world in the multiplayer tab , i would suggest checking out my post on this topic . i answered a very similar question on there , and gave instructions on how a friend can connect in this situation . if you have problems do not hesitate to contact me !
there is a location a lot closer where you can find the slow and dry moving zombies . and that is if you go from norma 's house , to the street and turn right following the street till you reach a fence . reaching the beach and close to pyramid point . past the fence are cultists , and walking around in that area are called ( reawakened , or something else will check later on ) warrior . these count as dry and slow zombies . in that location you can get both the cultists and slow and dry . i will post a screenshot later on .
sadly , no , there does not appear to be a way to check your follower 's cooldown timers . as far as i know , the portrait and the follower panel are the only methods of getting data about your follower 's current status . i tested this with my templar , by giving him a bunch of active skills and then putting him in situations where he had want to use them . his portrait does not change at all , regardless of his ability states , and there is no indication on the follower panel that any of his skills have been used .
the vita has a built-in psp emulator . the psp games you can play you have to buy from psn first . some games offer dlc , but for some it does not work , or is not available on psn . it is all a bit sketchy . i you just want the dlc , i suggest investigating network issues to make your psp work first , if you are using wpa security , try switching to wpa2 because wpa is obsolete . if this does not work out for you , do some googling to see if others were able to get the dlc working on their vita . in short : it is most certainly possible to get the game and the dlc on your vita , but it all depends on sony if it will work or is even available .
trade in void staff for more ap ? hmm no . trade in void staff for more utility ? yes definitely ! void staff is a pure damage item . the item is usually purchased because magic resist items are pretty common in the current meta ( especially ga and banshees ) . the void staff itself is becoming really effective after an opponent has over 100 mr , since yours spells will then deal damage as if he has only 65 mr . it increases your damage over all , even with opponents that do not have mr items . now as already said , void staff is a really important item for every ap caster and you should buy it on everyone who deals mainly magical damage . you can however wait with buying it . with most ( not all ! ) ap champions your item path should be -> core item ( different from champ to champ ) , boots , rabadons , utility item , void staff , situational offensive/defensive item . for annie i would say a good generic path would be : rod of ages/deathfire grasp -> boots -> rabadons -> zhonyas -> void staff -> abyssal of course you should not build like that every game but it is a safe build if you do not fall behind too hard . also if you see that you will not deal any damage because the enemy team is stacking mr , get the void staff earlier . the most important thing about void staff ( and rabadons aswell ) is that these items scale with ap . if you rush them too early they will not be as effective as other items . this is why you usually get rabadons as a second ap item and voidstaff as a 4th or sometimes 3rd or 5th . also a thing to mention : if your opponents really build no mr at all ( which is rarely the case ) , you can also rush a liandrys torment/abyssal . different from % penetration , flat penetration/flat mr reduction can really put you ahead early , even without that much ap .
he marries brynn no matter what . you can try to convince him to give shpeard a kiss , but he will not do it .
simple solution : use dwarf therapist to disable the engraving labor on everyone but your most skilled stonemason . re-enable once everything is engraved . you can let everyone do the smoothing ( there is no quality value on a smoothing job ) , and disable them when you are ready to engrave the whole thing . complex solution : use burrows to restrict your non-target engravers into other parts of your fortress . your master engraver will be the only dwarf able to reach the area , so the engraving job will call him . ( in dwarf fortress , jobs pick dwarf ! )
this can be tricky simply because the two bars on each side move back and forth slightly , and decrease in size as you push them closer to the edge . the best time to move is when the bar is moving away from your cursor on that side . as it moves away ( towards the edge ) , push towards it slightly and it will move that way with you . be careful not to move too far or it will slide back towards you too much and go past your cursor ( and go back to the middle ) , which means you have to try it again . if you are having trouble , try doing just one at a time . once you get one side all the way to the edge , you can just leave it alone . as long as you do not move the cursor on that side , it will not go back to the middle . then you can focus on the other side . once you get both of the green bars past the lines at the edges , you will successfully break up the fight . just be patient and go slow . trying to speed through this will surely cause you to fail .
it was just a matter of speed in the last part . :' ( the solution is the path in light blue .
it is points in that skill . for example , to get expert illusion you need 75 illusion .
unlike some previous games you need to be logged in to the rockstar social club if you want to be able to play , even single player . ( this is for the pc steam version at least )
blitzcranks ultimate is a silence , however it is duration is only 0.5 seconds which is why it is usually used as an interrupt ( or for damage ) rather than as a silence effect that prevents casting new spells . the fact that it is aoe and instant makes it a great counter to spells like katarina ultimate or teleport and the main reason why it is a silence is because before the kassadin rework there was no specific spell effect for channel interrupts . the only thing that existed back then were hard cc or small knockups/knockbacks .
after many more attempts , i have come up with the placement ( at the red buff ) , but i do not yet have a screenshot to back it up . i will attempt to explain it as best i can , and will try to get a screenshot at some point , to update the answer . the biggest issue i was having was that i would throw the axe , hit all 3 , but not be able to pick it up to lower the cooldown , without moving . what i have found however , is if you stand behind red , between red and the smaller vertically aligned creep , as close to red as possible without attacking , you can throw the axe to the other side of red ( so that your cursor is the red attack sword , but it is on the opposite side of red . ) it may take a bit of experimentation , but this seems to hit all 3 , and causes a reduced cooldown . the axe has a larger radius of effect than i expected , so you do not need to place the cursor all the way on the far creep . hopefully this helps someone . if no one else , it helped me .
yes , according to steam support : https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=5477-wpjm-9388#existingsteamacc
of the available traits that affect fertility , there are none that are gender specific . given that you have so many daughters , you should be getting offers from prospective husbands . that is assuming that your daughters are of age and not already married ( or widowed ) .
a month is the same as a day . therefore there are 12 days ( months ) in a year .
the red goo balls become matches when they are used . when put near fire , they will burn and then transfer this fire down the chain . this can either be part of the goal ( burn so that something moves ) for the level or one of the hazards for the level .
" what features would distinguish a gaming audio system from the regular one ? " in my experience , there are not any such features . i have a music studio , lots of audiophile equipment and lots of gaming gadgets . i sometimes use them interchangeably . ' gaming ' gear is usually targeted at people 's perceptions or desires rather than their requirements . if there was one major difference , buying audiophile gear offers a large advantage : they are aimed at an audience who know how to critique their products . games accessories are aimed at the ' gadget ' market - and as such as more likely to be over-priced , flimsy and inferior to an equivalent developed for the audio industry . steelsound headphones , for example , can offer excellent sound quality but they can not take any sort of a beating ( or moisture ) and for the price you had expect that . an equivalent set of sony headphones is superior . it is not that the sony headphones bring any special features to the table , it is the economics of a utility versus a toy . 5.1/7.1/9.1/45.1 speaker setups are intended for home theatre . they are not relevant for video gaming and headphones will serve you just fine . pro gamers use headphones - there is no justification . if you are going to buy a decent set of headphones you need to upgrade your sound card to get the benefit of them . i highly recommend little usb stick sound cards , such as those from steelsound . they are convenient as hell . now i have not really described what definition of ' better ' i am using . better is fidelity . if you are looking to be competitive , you need to be able to pick out small cues and individual sounds from the mix . that tiny little click underneath all the explosions ? that is your opponent reloading ! it is also very important the sound is not too tinny or thick - huge liabilities when you are trying to concentrate . this comes naturally from getting good equipment with a wide natural dynamic range . if you are interested in speakers specifically , you can do a lot worse than buying short-range studio reference monitors such as these : http://www.camdensounds.co.uk/monitors/edirol-ma-7a-bk-analogue-stereo-micro-studio-monitors.html they are designed for the studio , they will not break the bank ( in comparison to equivalent home theatre/gaming kit ) and they sound just sublime - but they are only useful if you are sat in just the right place in front of the screen , conveniently exactly where a gamer sits !
you only get experience from the bonus for enemies that give experience as normal kills . summoned , resurrected , or low level enemies do not give experience , and therefore would count towards a massacre bonus , but would not contribute to the experience bonus .
the opponents you are facing are special encounters in the campaign . when you did your first encounter , there should have been a popup telling you that encounters are specifically designed this way in order to help you improve your skill at facing specific strategies . these matches are specifically labeled with encounter in front of the name of the match , like encounter : disturbing the nest and encounter : face of the ghoulcaller . encounters will always play out the exact same way . for example , during the encounter stampede ! , the ai will always play a willow elf on turn 1 , followed by a runeclaw bear on turn 2 , and so on . encounters also , as you have noted , have decks that are exempt from the limit of 4 of the same type of card . the planeswalkers you face in the campaign and other opponents , like odric , have decks that are subject to the 4 card rule . note that the game with them will also be different each time you play , in contrast to the encounters , which always play with the same order , use the same strategies and same cards .
i have had this happen to me . after you patch , dota sometimes fails to recognize that you have the most up-to-date patch . it is frustrating because you do not get an error message that would lead you to this . however , it can be solved . simply log out of your game , go to your steam library and right click dota 2 . select preferences , and find " revalidate game cache " , this will force your game to re-update , and should solve your problem .
weight : is irrelevant and can be ignored . capacity : while companions have unlimited ammo , they are restricted by the clip size of a given weapon - it affects how often they reload , and , by extension , their overall rate of fire as well as time spent in cover . fire rate : obviously companions are affected by this . rate of fire is just as important to their damage output as it is to shepards . damage : again , this is just as important to companions as it is to shepard . accuracy : accuracy does matter for companions . even though it can be assumed that the ai is not going to fire wide on purpose , accuracy has a noticeable impact on , for instance , the spread of pellets from a shotgun blast , or the level of ' drift ' during a sustained burst with an smg or assault rifle .
it does seem so . i play random and got an achievement for 50 wins as random as well as the 10 wins as terran , zerg and protoss achievements .
the desert can be reached by using a get me out of here ( g . m.o.o.h. ) potion . the things you can possible end up in by using a g . m.o.o.h. -potion are : the peaceful forest cowlevel sea desert they have an equal chance of happening .
the market is still under development . more items are likely to be added later . one way to put an item up for sale is by going to the marketplace and clicking " sell an item " . this will show you the eligible items for each game ( and steam , overall ) . change the game filter by clicking on the game you want to see items for . you choose the amount you want for it , then steam will add a bit ( as well as the game in some cases ) . there are rules , however . items purchased from the tf2 or dota 2 store may take up to three days before they are eligible for trading or sale in the community market . depending on how recently you began making purchases , these items may not initially appear eligible you need a purchase through steam on the account older than 30 days ( without any one-year periods of inactivity which would reset your eligibility ) . this purchase could be for wallet credit alone . a cd key activation is not sufficient . it is possible to make a little money off the marketplace . i sold a few trading cards and had $2.50 to buy system shock 2 with : )
liquidpedia lists ' current ' sc2 players . everyone on those lists are associated with teams that have sponsorship ( i.e. . get money to finance their gaming ) . bear in mind that sc2 is still relatively new and the professional scene is still developing . a lot of bw players have not yet transitioned , and not counting the beta period , only a few tournaments have been held . out of these , the only one with a ' professional ' prize pool is the ongoing tg gsl , which is giving out ~85k usd to the winner iirc . be sure to check the ro64 gomtv tg gsl brackets list for more info . not everyone there is a ' professional ' sc2 player , but most of them have team sponsorship . cheers !
endless mode on level cube . during the latter waves , the only enemies are deadly rain which attack from above . because of the top floor in the level cube , the deadly rain cannot easily kill your forces on the bottom floor . the deadly rain begin moving in large groups over time as you last more waves so your survivability is tied to your efficiency . use plenty of aoe . stack the side near the enemy spawn mostly with fred to slow the enemy to a standstill and then cover the remainder of the bottom floor with flint . stack the top level with ricky where they can target the enemy spawn and sid in the far corner where the ricky can not aim from . the other spots can not target the creep spawn so do not worry about them . monitor the game until the only enemies spawning are deadly rain ( around wave 90~100 ) , making sure to replenish and heal your forces as needed . check in every 10-20 minutes to throw down a mike if needed , but your units will really only be taking hits because of a fluke so the rest is auto-pilot . leave the game running for an extended period and when you are done you will have thousands of kills . be sure to go into the options and turn off the setting to pause when the game loses focus because this will take several hours . while i can not conclusively prove that this is the " most efficient " , the spawn rates do not really improve drastically so a setup like this is probably pretty close . because your kill rates drop as the enemies get stronger , your most efficient path is to end it around wave 500 ( just under 4000 kills ) or maybe even sooner and then go again for at most another dozen runs to get the achievement . eventually you will stop getting kills at all and will be forced to end it some time around 5000 kills . for high score , feel free to leave it as this setup is unstoppable with the enemies literally frozen in place and unable to hurt your units . simply set it up and let it do its thing until you get to wave 500-700 or so .
tracking technology laser mice are generally the best , though their extreme precision occasionally causes problems with awkward surfaces . but i play on a rough wooden table with my laser mouse and i rarely notice when i am moving over the wood instead of my mousepad . optical does not work well with reflective or black surfaces . i am not really sure what the complaint about laser is about honestly . i am currently unable to find a surface this cheapo laser mouse can not work perfectly on . dpi the best thing you can do is have a dpi switching mouse . this has two benefits ; the first is letting you immediately switch the mouse movement speed ( go from instant-turning speed to super precise sniping movements ) and the second is letting you find exactly how sensitive you are comfortable with the mouse being for a given application or surface . since i am used to my high-dpi mouse i do not really switch it down ( or all the way up ) that often , but it is a nice feature to have . if you want high dpi ( i recommend it ) again , laser is best ; they are usually double optical or more . my logitech g500 is ridiculously sensitive at 5700 max dpi , but right around 2000 feels nice . remember if your mouse is too sensitive you can lower the pointer speed via software . ergonomics for ergonomic factors , get a " handed " mouse if at all possible . if you are left handed you might go with an ambidextrous mouse ( or if your partner is differently-handed and will use it as much as you do ) , but generally a " handed " mouse is far more comfortable to grip . size depending on your grip , get a mouse big/small enough for you . my hands are large so i have to scrunch up my hands ( claw grip ) or let my palm all off the mouse ( fingertip grip ) . to palm-grip the mouse i need a mouse with a big " butt " . razer has a good guide to grip styles if you are confused by these terms or want more info on grip styles . weight weight-adjustable mice are also nice . high-dpi , low weight mice can be a pain to use ; i prefer them a bit heavier , but the best thing you can do is manually adjust the weight . this sounds silly to some but adjustable weights are pretty common in mid to high end gaming mice . wireless i have had issues with bluetooth but what really matters is interference ; the more wireless devices you have the more likely there is some interference going on . i have had issue with bluetooth and non-bluetooth devices . battery really should not be a concern here ; your mouse should last weeks between charges no matter what . general battery specs should be listed by the mouse anyway , so there is no need to consider which tech is going to eat more battery . multi-axis/multi-touch mice for " two axis " wheels , if you mean apple 's multi-touch mince , those are terrible for gaming . physical buttons are a must for one thing . if you mean horizontal scroll " tilt " wheels they usually do not get in the way of gaming , just make sure it is not too sensitive . my logitec g500 requires a bit of force to press the horiz scroll which is good , an older microsoft wireless mouse was sensitive enough i often accidentally pressed the horizontal scroll buttons while moving the wheel .
from milling thousands of cataclysm herbs , i have discovered that whiptail returns twice as much rare pigment as cinderbloom . specifically , 100 mills will return ( on average ) Herb RarePigments CommonPigments Low Quality (CB) 25 250 High Quality (WT) 50 300  similarly in mists of pandaria , Fool's Cap ( the only high quality herb ) gives twice as much rare pigment as the other mop herbs . unfortunately , due to the high cost of fool 's cap on my server , i have only milled it 16 times , which is not good enough to show the difference . if you have fool 's cap and want misty pigment , you will get more pigment if you sell the fool 's cap and buy any other mop herb that costs less than half the fool 's cap . however , you will have to mill twice as many times - if you are time limited instead of gold limited , mill the fool 's cap .
i use multimc , it works on windows , osx and linux and allows you to run many instances of minecraft from a single launcher . it even allows you to automatically install mods to individual instances and have different save files for different versions .
i would suggest running six beam arrays , and putting the torp launchers facing aft . cruisers are the slowest turners in the game , so you will spend most of your time broadside - six beams will max your damage potential . when it is time to fire the torps , it is a lot easier to turn away ( putting them in your aft arc ) than to try and wrangle them into the forward arc . with six beams , you will shred shields without the need for transphasics . there is not a big difference between the various array types - use the ones you prefer . a lot of the boosting equipment is type-specific , however ; for max dps you will want to pick one and stick with it .
one way is the one described in this answer : the trick is to force the other car to stop in a way it would take time for the npc to actually drive around you . just stop your car in front of the other will not usually work . force it in a corner . another way , which i found way easier , is to shoot the driver dead . do not aim the back of the car , aim the head of the driver ! there are multiple ways to do this : stops your car in front of his car and shoot at him approach his car from a side and shoot him shoot from behind aiming the windshield , you will eventually kill him
dynamic shadows are shadows that are calculated in real-time to look like the object 's real shadow would , based on the shape of the object and the location of the light-source ( s ) . this is a computationally-expensive task , so it was not feasible in most older 3d games . instead , they had precompute shadows for static ( non-moving ) objects , and emulate shadows for moving objects , typically using a decal painted onto the ground . since you mentioned watch dogs , here is a comparison of watch dogs with and without dynamic shadows ( please note this is an unofficial mod , so the shadows look weird sometimes ) :
for every enemy you kill , there is a chance that your damage will increase . that chance is high , but not 100% - i killed six flies and got four damage increases . it is also possible that each kill actually increases your damage , but the value that it is increased is not always enough to display another bar on the damage stat . the damage increase is only in effect for the current room , though it is possible for the game to display an incorrectly-increased damage value on rooms after leaving the room .
i do not think there is anything lost by not playing previous generations ; just buy the newest games . all the newest ds games ( diamond , pearl , platinum , heartgold , and soulsilver ) can connect to each other . the battle mechanics were hugely overhauled after the " advanced generation " ( ruby , sapphire , emerald , firered , leafgreen ) , so i would not recommend starting with those games . if you do , it will take a little time to adjust when you start playing the ds games . pokemon red , blue , yellow , green , gold , silver , and crystal cannot connect to the newer games , so if you think you will become attached to the pokemon you catch and train in them , it is not a good idea to start with them . pokemon from the gba games can be " migrated " to the newer ds games , but you need to have a ds with both a ds and gba slot ( the original ds and the ds lite ) . in short , i suggest you start with either heartgold or soulsilver , as those are the newest games .
when i passed this place it seemed that her loud speech would draw guard 's attention . and geralt does not pick the lock , he calms the woman to be quiet to keep his runaway silent .
no , it is not required . my kinect does not work , but this game still does .
bit by bit , if necessary block by block . i am not kidding , that is how i am taking dungeons . place a torch fight the mobs and hold the line establish a safe perimeter ( if necessary with dirt or stone ) make two steps forward go back to 1
no you cannot . this is something unique to the boss , i have noticed some ogres do it as well , but only on the second level . the only way to move your towers ( legitimately , there may be some bug/glitch i am unaware of ) is to sell them and rebuild .
yes , you can spend experience points to increase the chances of success as show in this video : you do this by pressing the arrow keys : &rarr ; increases the amount of experience used . &larr ; decreases the amount of experience used .
yes . ( source ) note that eu/au is the same region ( 1 , 2 ) . so in fact , you answered your own question with the link that says the au version is not locked :p
have you tried the ' i ' key ? in the first crysis , it was the key to turn night vision on and off . or are you referring to the ' nanovision ' ? press the ' n ' key to toggle it on or off . hope this helps !
you get all of the hats in find mii by completing two playthroughs . as listed by ign , the hats from the first playthrough of find mii are mario hat red pikmin hat link hat samus hat kirby hat cat hat dog hat crown and the hats from the second playthrough are luigi hat toad hat bowser hat blue pikmin hat yellow pikmin hat metroid hat bunny hat ultimate hat
here 's an answer that explains what might be happening ( but this question is not a duplicate ) . as to what is actually happening , it is likely that your aela is duplicating her hunting bow over and over again , until her inventory is chock full of hunting bows , to the detriment of everything else . this hunting bow ( like her ancient nord armor ) is part of her " default " inventory , and is therefore hidden as a result . without access to console commands , there is no way to get the extra hunting bows ( which are reducing her capacity ) out of her inventory . you can reset their carrying capacity with the following 3 commands ( with your follower as the target ) : removeallitems disable enable be sure to remove any equipment you have given her before doing this , as it will otherwise be lost .
according to this wiki article engi homeworlds or engi controlled ( green ) , pirate ( red ) , or rock ( red ) controlled sectors at a distress beacon .
yes , donald and goofy continue to level normally if you swap them out with the world-specific character . i remember this from playing it , but trying to find an authoritative reference i did not turn up much . it is , however , listed as an example of the " leaked experience " trope : kingdom hearts also uses the " one experience progression " idea . [ . . . ] characters who are knocked out in combat do not gain experience in the first game . oddly , this meant that on the hard difficulty , it was actually easier for a good portion of the game to level glass cannon donald up by leaving him out of the party .
the guide you linked to has one step that tells you to dump a punch of perspective dlls into skyrim 's executable folder . since steam does not know these files , it will refuse to delete them ! they will still be there when you do a " fresh " install , and will be injected into skyrim whether you have the oculus rift installed or not . delete those dlls , and skyrim should be fine .
yes ! just used it , jumped straight to ng+ on grounded .
you certainly can , though i have not been able to do it without the help of the gear relic ( from about halfway through ) . certain stages actually provide alternate paths that may bypass checkpoints entirely ( the checkpoint before the first gryphon in king knight 's stage come to mind ) , meaning you have to backtrack a bit if you want to trigger the respawn . may i ask why you are trying to not-trigger but not-destroy the checkpoints in the first place ? is it just for the added challenge ?
by far the largest contributing factor is whether or not your team wins or loses . i actually did a multivariate regression of almost a dozen factors about the game and two other largest contributing factors were your k/d ratio and your team 's total score ( out of 10,000 , 7,500 , 200 , what have you , depending on game type ) . of course , your team winning and your team 's total score may be auto-correlated ( meaning that there is a correlation betweent the variables of team winning and team total score ) . this means you could either remove team winning or team total score and still have a valid model ( depending on the degree of auto-correlation ) , but it would not have the same predictive power . bottom line main factors : - your k/d - your team 's score - your team wins status other notes - total matches regressed : 34 - data does not appear to be heteroskedastic or homoskedastic - correlation between team win and team total score was 0.82 - in the data set no draws occured
i eventually succeeded by lurking in the left lane ( fortunately no oncoming traffic in this level ) until there was a large enough gap in the traffic to slip around the corner . very inelegant , but a solution for this annoying bug .
the main trick is to get the area as clear as possible first , and then dash through it . try shooting for a bit to clear out most of the bubbles , then dash across the top while shooting down to keep any more from coming up . it should look something like this . this principle can also be applied to sections with falling rocks , just dash towards the bottom instead . there is another sequence just before the image you posted where you have to jump down a taller shaft against the flow of bubbles . for stuff like that , you generally want to shoot straight down , and use dashes to keep yourself from falling too quickly .
yes . most things in civ 5 stack as you had expect them to . for instance , if you also pledged to protect the city state , your resting point would be +45 . the exception to this tends to be multiple bonuses which are the same e.g. the bonuses from two great generals would not stack , the penalty from flanking can only occur once .
you will miss out on some of javik 's comments about the tuchanka situation , but you can still become friends with javik if you wait until after the cerberus coup attempt to recruit him . all of his major dialogues should still be available/trigger . the brief pause is only if you recruit javik at the very start of the game , because the game requires that you have liara and james on menae when you recruit garrus . if you recruit him after you also recruit garrus , he is available immediately iirc .
x does not control the movements of the pirates . you need to move around with your left stick to move . if for some reason it is not working you need to reconfigure the settings so your movements line up with game controls .
i killed blackbeard after three pirates and , really , the end game is blackbeard . from my experience there was no super pirate but killing the lowers after a specific raid event will generate more gold than randomly attacking .
i have been unable to find anything documented anywhere stating the time frame of the " temporary " bans based on the offense . my ban was finally lifted 1 week after it was instated . i would venture that this is probably a standard time frame for the first offense of unsportsmanlike conduct .
there should be a vent that leads to the other end of the hallway behind the turret ( where the advanced hacking tutorial is made available ) . there is also a number of cardboard boxes in the vicinity . just grab some and stack them up in front of the turret so it cannot see into the hallway . the turret will not see you as long as you stay behind the crates . after you obstruct its view , you could then return to the other end of the hallway and make your way into the room .
i would personally use them for different scenarios and different points during a game of survival . it is also important to note that they have different uses depending on the map you are playing . as you reference seatown , i will talk about that first . i tend to use the predator only on the earlier rounds ( &lt ; 30 ) due to the limitation you are aware of - the inability to move . points are abundant on this map so it is easy to use a predator to wipe out the early juggernauts if you can get them to bunch up together . for juggernaut rounds > 30 i prefer to use airstrikes solely because you can ' fire and forget ' . moving around the map is very important on seatown in later waves , so this is an immense benefit . the other good thing about the airstrike is that you can team it up with flashbangs to keep a group of enemies around the spot that the strike is called in . this obviously works best with a coordinated 2 player approach - one with flashes , one with airstrike . but , on underground the predator is extremely useful in all rounds ( especially from 30+ ) to hit a group of enemies at their spawn point on the raised platform by where the two trains are parked just before the entrance to the building . ( use a predator to survey the battle field and you will see where i mean , i will try to post a link to a map later ) hitting the enemies here immediately after spawn allows you to get quad kill/kill streak/rampage quite easily and the predator effectively pays for itself . again , i find points quite abundant on this map , so it is not as important to be conservative with them . remember , if you are hitting round 39 now , to improve you want to get to round 45 or 50 then build on that . there is no point dying with $50k that you could have spent on airstrikes , predators , riot squads , body armor etc . it is important to keep a reasonable amount back for self-revies , claymores , c4 and flashbangs - but otherwise you can spend more than you think . for reference , i play on ps3 and currently sit around #500 for underground ( round 62 ) . i think my seatown best is round 51 , but working on bettering that currently .
same as for any case of usage , i.e. 7200 is faster than 5400 . however there are 2 additional things to consider , 7200 generates more heat and noise . while second can cause discomfort , first shortens life of the hdd . considering that ps3 is not really depends on drive speed in general , 5400 is generally preffered . considering hdd buffer size it is again , same as for any case of usage , but again , ps3 is not a heavy hdd user , thus impact is low . any will do fine . the only major compatibility bug i am aware of is a head parking issue ( but it is actually far more important than 2 previous factors imo ) . the problem is that ps3 often have long pauses beetween subsequent hdd reads . in the meantime hdd heads are parked and motor is turned off . on next access drive starts again , causing 2-second pause in access . particularly wd scorpio blue drives are suspect to the issue . thus i do not recommend this drives . the size of the hard drive is limited additionally in height . it is allowed maximum is 9.5mm . thus , currently , drives that fits into that size have maximum capacity of 1tb and they are supported by ps3 . my guess would be that ps3 will support up to 2tb drives without compatibility issues ( same as pc ) . for the 12gb version of ps3 you also need to purchase special hdd mount box , since it does not come with this version of console .
i figured it out , you had to control 3 of them and kill 3 of them with the spell in order to have it let you progress .
save all decent rare rings and amulets ; they are hard to come across compared to other equipment . also , if you are playing dh and will later go for monk ( or vice versa ) - save your lower level dex items as hand-me-downs if they are good . you need to elaborate what is meant by ' quite good items ' - i was trying to save all semi-decent rares , but its impractical and you want to focus on specific properties like gives boost to main stat has other useful props besides mf or gf ( if ur focused on that ) for weapons , has life leech or ' on hit ' saving space in your stash even if you do not plan to play a particular class , might work better to start a lvl 1 char so he/she holds the class specific items which are taking up a lot of space do not stock up much for the first 10-15 levels as they pass by very quickly : move any ' starter ' equip onto new chars , but feel free to just keep a decent weapon and sell everything else remember that you can also park some good sword/shield , 2h weapons etc . on the followers . if you plan to actually use the follower , give them stuff that boosts stats but otherwise it is extra slots for amulet/rings etc .
as several people have mentioned , it is now possible to be logged in on multiple computers at once . only one computer can be playing a game at a time though . if you start a game while another computer is already in one , you will be notified and told that it will close the other game if you start .
personally i am using a grid of tunnels . the vertical tunnels are using every 5 block a wooden platform to jump up or down .  |L| M |L| _| |_____| |__ _ L _____ L __ | | M | | |L| |L| | | | |  l = wooden platform ( you can jump through up or down ) m = minerals
acquiring all ten gems per world unlocks five achievements , one per world . as a necessary prerequisite , doing this will also unlock all of the wallpapers ( since you need to collect lums to unlock both wallpapers as well as gems ) . aside from those two things , there is no further reward for finding all fifty teeth ; there does not even seem to be a meta-achievement for finding them all . in fact , when i did it , the game did not treat finding the last tooth any differently from finding the tenth tooth in any other world .
it does not matter if you save her or wait for the conclusion of the concert they both lead to the same scene . . .
the old rb2 cymbals are just for show - they do not add anything to the game . hitting the green cymbal , for instance , is the same as hitting the green pad . however , the new rb3 cymbals serve a real purpose - they allow you to play in the new " pro mode , " in which you are required to differentiate between hitting the cymbals and the toms ! here you can see the pro-mode drums being played with cymbals ( middle track ) . the green and blue ovals coming up are cues to hit the green and blue cymbals , respectively . the usual blue rectangles coming down the screen are the cue to hit the blue tom instead . note that this image also shows pro-keyboard ( left ) and pro-guitar ( right ) as well . ( credit to ign for the image )
city states can gift any unit , including unique units ( of civilizations not in the current game ) . for instance , if you have the patronage policy resulting in occasional great people gifts , you might be given khans . from the civ5 wiki : militaristic city-states have also been updated in gods and kings , giving them ability to gift you unique units from other civilizations ( for example , the chu-ko-nu , a chinese unique unit ) . you can see which militaristic city state can give what unique unit in that cs 's diplomacy screen .
this website allows you to provide a list of cities and then shows optimal times when an event might be scheduled : http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meeting.html
it is possible to smartcast all items with an active ability ( including wards ) . as andrew already explained , you can go into the " kebybinding , " go to the category " item inventory , " and from there you can set " smart cast items 1-6" to your preferred key ( i would suggest taking the numbers 1-6 ) . list of items that currently have an active targeting ability ( excluding consumables ) : bilgewater cutlass hextech gunblade deathfire grasp wriggle 's lantern executioner 's calling hextech sweeper ( dominion only ) note : all items with an active ability that do not require you to choose a target ( e . g . runduin 's omen ) are used by simply pressing the corresponding button to the item slot ( no matter if you use item smart casts or not ) .
no , it will not be used , as stated in the faq for tf2 mvm . q : what if i complete a mission that i have already completed on my tour of duty badge ? in this case , your tour of duty ticket will not be consumed , and your tour of duty progress will not be updated . squad surplus vouchers , however , will always be redeemed for items when a mission is completed successfully . source
your best bet would to start a thread on a forum somewhere where there are lots of xbox users , and find some friends that would be willing to play with you . as for my knowledge , the only service out there would be another forum thread . there are no databases ( that i know of ) that show active players of games . there might be a list of people who have " played " the game , but if they still play it would be the important part .
all you have to do is stand on/near the pattern that you have placed and hit the y button to pick it up ! thankfully , in this version , they have separated this from the run button ( b ) , so you do not have to worry about accidentally picking up paths while running on them anymore .
while this may not be the only way , this is a way that works : go to this site , and scoll down until you see the " contact us " box on the right hand side of the webpage . right above it will be another , smaller box with " supply crate keys " on it . click the link , and you should be able to buy a key ( tested myself ) as to why the wiki site link did not work , i would guess that the sites link is broken , possibly linking to a old store page
there are some challenges that do not appear until you have completed others : enemies : little person , big pain : kill 10 midgets load and lock : kill 20 loaders bully the bullies : kill 25 bullymongs cruising for a bruising : kill 10 bruisers marauder ? i hardly know ' er : kill 20 marauders you dirty rat : kill 10 rats mama 's boys : kill 50 psychos you ( no ) mad , bro ? : kill 10 nomads short-chained : shoot a chain to release midgets from shield hurly burly : shoot 10 bullymong-tossed projectiles out of midair just a moment of your time . . . : kill 10 surveyors why so mich hirt ? ! : kill 10 goliaths paigineering : kill 10 hyperion personnel constructor destructor : kill 5 constructors another bug hunt : kill 10 varkids ( unlocked with tundra express ) tentacle obsession : kill 10 threshers ( unlocked with highlands - outwash ) pest control : kill 10 spiderants ( unlocked with frostburn canyon ) crystals are a girl 's best friend : kill 10 crystalisks ( unlocked with the fridge ) pod pew pew : kill 10 varkid pods before they hatch ( unlocked with tundra express ) die in the friendly skies : kill 10 buzzards ( unlocked with the dust ) you are one ugly mother . . . : kill 10 stalkers * ( unlocked with the highlands - outwash ) skags to riches : kill 10 skags ( unlocked with three horns - divide ) elemental : slag-licked : deal 5000 bonus damage to slagged enemies boom . : kill 20 enemies with explosive damage cowering inferno : ignite 25 enemies say ' watt ' again : deal 5000 electrocute damage corroderate : deal 2500 corrosion damage i just want to set the world on fire : deal 5000 burn damage acid trip : kill 20 enemies with corrode damage loot open pandora 's boxes : open 50 lootable chests , lockers , and other objects the call of booty : open 5 treasure chests nothing rymes with orange : loot or purchase 1 orange item purple reign : loot or purchase 2 purple items i like my treasure rare : loot or purchase 5 blue items it is not easy looting green : loot or purchase 20 green items another man 's treasure : loot or purchase 50 white items gun runner : pick up or purchase 10 weapons money and trading : psst , hey buddy . . . : trade with 1 other player whaddaya buyin ' ? : purchase 2 items with eridium limited-time offer : buy 1 " item of the day " wholesale : sell 10 items to vending machines for the hoard ! : save $10,000 dolla dolla bills , y'all : pickup $5,000 from cash drops vehicle : passive aggressive : kill 1 enemy while riding as a passenger turret syndrome : kill 10 enemies with a turret or vehicle mounted weapon blue sparks : kill 5 enemies while power sliding hit-and-fun : kill 5 enemies by ramming them with a vehicle . . . one van leaves - kill 5 vehicles while in a vehicle health and recovery : i will just help myself : get 5 " second winds " by killing an enemy this is no time for lazy ! : revive a co-op partner 5 times badass bingo : get 1 " second wind " by killing a badass enemy heal plz : heal 1000 points worth of damage death , wind , and fire : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy with burn damage over time ( unlocked after cowering inferno level 1 ) green meanie : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy with corrosive damage over time ( unlocked after completing acid trip level 1 ) i am back ! shocked ? : get 1 " second wind " by killing an enemy by electrocution damage over time ( unlocked after say " watt " again level 1 ) grenades : woah , black betty : kill 10 enemies with bouncing betty grenades health vampire : kill 10 enemies with transfusion grenades pull the pin : kill 10 enemies with grenades chemical sprayer : kill 10 enemies with " area of effect " grenades explooooosions ! : kill 10 enemies with mirv grenades singled out : kill 10 enemies with singularity grenades shields : ammo eater : absorb 20 ammo with an absorption shield roid rage : kill 5 enemies while buffed by a " maylay " shield game of thorns : kill 5 enemies with reflected damage from a spike shield amp it up : kill 5 enemies while buffed by an amplify shield super novas : kill 5 enemies with a nova burst shield rocket launcher : rocket and roll : kill 10 enemies with rocket launchers gone with the second wind : get 2 " second winds " with rocket launchers sky rockets in flight . . . : kill 25 enemies from long range with rocket launchers ( unlocked after gone with the second wind level 1 ) shield basher : kill 5 shielded enemies with 1 rocket each * ( unlocked after splish splash level 1 ) splish splash - kill 200 enemies with rocket launcher splash damage ( unlocked after rocket and roll level 1 ) catch-a-rocket : kill 5 enemies with direct rocket hits ( unlocked after splish splash level 5 ) sniper rifle longshot : kill 20 enemies with sniper rifles longshot headshot : get 25 critical hits with sniper rifles leaf on the second wind : get 2 " second winds " using sniper rifles eviscerated : kill 5 shielded enemies with 1 sniper rifle shot ( unlocked after longshot level 1 ) no scope , no problem : kill 5 enemies without using zoom ( unlocked after longshot level 1 ) snipe hunting - kill 10 enemies with critical hits using sniper rifles ( unlocked after longshot headshot level 1 ) surprise ! - kill 5 unaware enemies with sniper rifles ( unlocked after no scope , no problem level 1 ) assault rifle : aggravated assault : kill 25 enemies with assault rifles from my cold , dead hands : get 5 " second winds " using assault rifles this is my rifle . . . : get 25 critical hits with assault rifles . . . this is my gun : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using assault rifles ( unlocked after this is my rifle . . . level 1 ) crouching tiger , hidden assault rifle : kill 25 enemies with assault rifles while crouched ( unlocked after aggravated assault level 1 ) smg : hail of bullets : kill 25 enemies with smgs constructive criticism : get 25 critical hits with smgs high rate of ire : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using smgs more like submachine fun : get 2 " second winds " with smgs ( unlocked after constructive criticism level 1 ) shotgun : faceful of buckshot : get 50 critical hits with shotguns shotgun ! : kill 25 enemies with shotguns lock , stock , and . . . : get 2 " second winds " with shotguns shotgun surgeon : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using shotguns open wide ! : kill 750 enemies from point-blank range with shotguns shotgun sniper : kill 10 enemies from long range with shotguns ( unlocked after open wide ! level 5 ) pistol : hard boiled : get 2 " second winds " with pistols the killer : kill 25 enemies with pistols deadeye : get 25 critical hits with pistols quickdraw : kill 10 enemies shortly after entering ironsights ( unlocked after the killer level 1 ) pistolero : kill 10 enemies with critical hits using pistols ( unlocked after deadeye level 1 ) melee : fisticuffs ! : kill 25 enemies with melee attacks a squall of violence : kill 20 enemies with bladed guns ( unlocked after fisticuffs ! level 1 ) general combat : knee-deep in brass : fire 1000 rounds afternoon delight : kill 50 enemies during the day . . . to pay the bills : kill 20 enemies while using your action skills critical acclaim : kill 20 enemies with critical hits . . . i got to boogie : kill 10 enemies at night boomerbang : kill 5 enemies with tediore reloads gun slinger : deal 5,000 damage with tediore reloads not full of monkeys : kill 10 enemies with stationary barrels miscellaneous : jeeeeenkinssssss ! ! ! : kill jimmy jenkins once sidejacked : complete 5 side missions compl33tionist : complete 10 optional mission objectives haters gonna hate : win 1 duel yo dawg i herd you like challenges : complete 5 challenges in particular " shotgun sniper " and " catch-a-rocket " only unlock after completing other challenges to level 5 .
the rakanishu 's blade is a lvl 16 magic sword . i tried to get it with a lvl 16 character , but the items i got were lvl 12 or 13 , and i did not find the event again before i was too high level and got lvl 20+ items . i can not tell you the exact needed level , but my guess would be between 17 and 20 . what you could do is have a low level character create the game and invite a friend with higher level who could find the event quickly and do the killing while you stay in town to avoid getting exp . when he finds the event , let him kill everything and wait for you to destroy the shrine . if the items are too low level , level up once and try again .
oddly , stone paths appear to be better at attracting visitors . to test this i filled one island completely with either sort of path . stone paths : 185 visitors marble paths : 93 visitors : some other stuff in my park changed between the two screenshots , but the stone paths i added in the first screenshot actually added more than 100 visitors on their own , so it seems pretty clear stone paths have unholy visitor attracting power .
after some research , i claim that this is impossible . which makes sense , actually , since the newer buildings should always ( ? ) be preferable . in case of wind turbines , they are insanely expensive to maintain while delivering only a small amount of power ( even on very high ground ) . however , i am not certain about the 1-time-only buildings like the skyscraper hotel , compared to the best other available hotels .
when you #twoweapon , you want to choose which weapons will be your main and off-hand weapons before you start #twoweaponing because when you are wielding both weapons , you only train your #twoweapon skill . the wiki page suggests that you train your main weapon to the same skill level as your max #twoweapon skill . given this information , i would suggest that once you have your intended main and off-hand weapons trained to those skill levels and you have enough ac without your shield to easily withstand hits from monsters at your level , that is when you should switch to #twoweaponing . when you switch to #twoweaponing you will not lose much damage per turn , so you should really switch as early as you can get the most out of it .
no , you can only import me2 characters once they have completed the game . it should be fairly easy to blast through me2 though , since most of the content is optional , if you do not mind taking some losses on the suicide mission . be warned , though , if you do not manage to preserve at least 2 companions shepard will die , precluding importing . your level and perks will carry over into me3 , though the highest level in me2 is only halfway towards the highest level in me3 ( 30 and 60 , respectively ) . you may wish to reset your perks at the normandy , to be able to customize your character properly from the start . some ship upgrades also carry over .
split the workers by sending 3 to one side and 3 to other side . it does not give much advantage , but pros like to do it .
dayz is a mod for arma ii , which is a windows only game . you must own and your computer must be capable of playing arma ii ( specifically , its expansion arma ii : combined operations , which includes the main game and a later expansion ) in order to play dayz . so , unfortunately , it cannot be played on a linux box .
you can not dive into the river . however , by using the tweeter/beans glitch ( or the king tut glitch ) , it is possible to stand on the river ( which makes fishing a lot easier ! ) . you need two people to do the glitch . blow on your tweeter/use the setsubun beans . have someone constantly push you from behind into the river . repeat until you are in the river :- )
this is what each power-up does :
i am not sure you need to " run " an area . you can not really get behind in levels if you are able to complete the acts . if you feel behind in exp , just restart the act . if you feel behind in power , that is a different matter . it is more likely you need better gear or to see if some of your other skills might be more effective currently .
the claw belongs to lucian valerius : you can find him in riverwood at his shop , the riverwood trader , in the center of town : in general , you can figure out what to do with a quest by tracking it in your quest journal : if you do that , you will get a marker on your hud 's compass that'll lead you directly to where you need to go . ( images from the uesp )
this is based on how many competitive matches you win , and hours spent in both competitive and casual servers ( official valve servers only ! ) bronze : 0 hours - 0 wins on operation phoenix maps . silver : 10 hours - 5 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . gold : 30 hours - 15 competitive wins on operation phoenix maps . from wiki .
i am almost certain the range is 8 yards . i remember reading this somewhere , and upon testing this and comparing the range of melee to that of skills with know range , i found it to be accurate . i further compared it to the image in the post referred to by the question , and found that my test results matched the 8 yard mark on that image very closely .
there is a difference between the economics and the game model . how does it benefit the farmer if you pick their crops ? economically , they are paying you for your labour . they presumably sell the crop for more than they pay you for picking them . economically , yes , i think it is safe to assume that the farmer ' owns ' the crops as he would have tilled the land and planted them . if you do not give him the crops you harvest , it is effectively stealing from him . the game seems to have a simple economic model for farming . you can happily take crops as ingredients or " sell " them to the farmer . i have not seen any evidence that the farmer will on-sell his crops to retailers or what not . i also have not done a price comparison of wholesale vs . retail . perhaps an economic major will create a mod one day .
it means you need level 1 in the healing skill . next time you level up , put a point there . the same goes for other schools of magic : in order to learn spells you first need to assigned points to the corresponding magic skill . if you do not have the skill yet , you learn it by completing the quest " search of the mandragora " in the gardens ; this is the third major area you visit and healing is the third school of magic .
yes . press the button once , quickly . holding the button to slash harder is meaningless .
normally in game when you socket a ruby into a weapon it will update the displayed dps to account for the increased damage but in the ah when people post weapons already socketed with rubies it is not updating the tooltip . the sort by dps does seem to be taking the socketed ruby into account though .
they can be resurrected by talking to one of the npc folks in town . . . for a price . the higher the level of your mercenary , the more expensive it will be . the maximum cost to resurrect your mercenary is 50,000 gold . resurrections can be performed by the following npcs in their respective acts : act i : kashya act ii : greiz act iii : asheara act iv : tyreal act v : qual-kehk if you do not see an option to resurrect your mercenary , then you either : do not currently have a mercenary active ( have not hired one ) your mercenary is active and alive you can check to see if you have one active if you press o to bring up it is stat/inventory menu .
no , i doubt it . regarding the first two , in the training chamber you go through , glados states that the normal chamber 16 is down for maintenance , so chell instead is put through a training course for military androids ( which is why there are so many turrets in there . ) those lines are simply her trying to manipulate the androids that normally navigate said chambers . as far as the last couple go , the moon rock gel probably did not kill cave johnson in a single day . it is more likely prolonged exposure that gave him said poisoning . the repulsion gel is a bit less clear , but perhaps it was a prototype version that " does not like the human skeleton " , or maybe chell 's somehow immune to it . for example , iirc we know chell 's the only one out of however many humans put into stasis to actually survive , she is not exactly an ordinary test subject . it is not completely explained , but there is various possibilities . finally , there is plenty of things glados says that point to chell being human . for example , she was put into stasis like a human , and certain comments ( like the ones about her being fat or glados mocking her about being an orphan ) just would not make sense if she was an android . not to mention , i believe that in the one room with the various potato batteries children made in portal 2 , one of them is marked as chell 's , which would undoubtably prove she is just a normal human . so , long story short , there is no real reason to believe chell 's an android , and plenty of evidence to the contrary . and one more point that i almost forgot . what kind of android can eat cake ?
as domescoper has already mentioned , completing all campaigns unlocks the infinite ammo skills for each weapon . the other skills that are unlocked by getting a certain number of kills with each weapon are master skills for that weapon , for example you can unlock " handgun master " . each of these master skills increase the damage dealt by that particular weapon . a full list of skills including the infinite ammo and master skills can be found here .
burrowed zerg units take full damage from all sources , as burrowing only hides the unit from sight . this includes damage from aoe abilities , like psionic storm or enemy infestors ' fungal growth , which do not require a target ( though you probably do not want to waste energy unless you are sure something is hidden there ) .
tl:dr cave story 3d ( for the 3ds ) is a 3d remake of the 2004 original where all the characters and levels are in 3d perspective . there are also a few " easter eggs " for fans of the older games . the full story there have been numerous new versions and unofficial ports of cave story since the original was released in 2004 , so assuming you do not want to know the specifics of the ti-83 plus calculator port , i will just mention the differences of the five official versions . cave story ( "the original " , platform : pc , circa 2004 ) the original freeware version , with 100% original awesome . cave story ( platform : wiiware , circa 2010 ) a new and updated version of cave story , with revamped graphics , music , and new playmodes . changes include : updated " progressive " graphics ( 480p ) and new music , with the option to use the " old school " versions of both five new playmodes , including boss rush , and the ability to play as curly brace larger range of difficulty settings cave story ( platform : dsiware , circa 2011 ) a ds port of the 2004 original , with some of the new features from the wiiware version thrown in . changes include : uses second screen as a map and inventory viewer a modified version of the " boss rush " game mode included in the wiiware version an unlockable music player cave story+ ( platform : steam , circa 2011 ) the awesomeness returns to pcs , with many of the wiiware features included , plus some other things . changes include : an hd graphical overhaul , with music introduced in the wiiware version , and the option to use the " old school " versions as well all game modes introduced with wiiware version all new game mode " wind fortress " native usb controller support cave story 3d ( platform : 3ds , circa 2011 ) cave story goes 3d , but remains a 2d side scroller . . . maybe a picture will help : source : gamesradar changes include : all levels and characters remade in 3d , with a " classic mode " that puts the old 2d character sprites in the 3d world a " dynamic camera system " that automatically zooms in at certain points in a level a few extra areas that were never included in the main game an unlockable " time attack mode " a soundtrack remade by danny baranowsky of super meat boy and canabalt fame numerous easter eggs for old fans of the game and " cross-over content " with nods to prinny in the western version , and content from crazy climber , ikki , and dragon slayer added to the japanese version sources : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cave_story#versions_and_ports http://tinycartridge.com/post/1180342112/tiny-q-a-nicalis-on-cave-storys-jump-to-dsiware http://tinycartridge.com/post/1981857328/more-cave-story-for-dsi-owners-europeans http://gonintendo.com/?p=58121 http://www.shacknews.com/article/71248/cave-story-now-available-via-steam http://www.destructoid.com/cave-story-3d-features-2d-sprites-nis-surprise-201157.phtml
endless space groups the varying planet types into different groups . by default , only class 1 planets will be colonizable , and you unlock the ability to colonize planets in the higher tiers as you move down the tech tree . by contrast , terraforming unlocks in the reverse order , so , as mentioned , you probably will not have favorable terraforming projects available until late game . generally though , you have to move up in class if you want a net positive in fids - otherwise you are either losing them , or swapping science and industry , etc . you can only have one exploit per planet , so i have listed them separately , as some planet types get increased benefit from multiple exploit types . category 1 planets ( 11 base fids ) terran base : 3/2/4/2 tier 3 exploits : 3/0/1/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/5/2 + exploit ocean base : 3/2/2/4 tier 3 exploits : 2/0/0/2 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/2/3/4 + exploit jungle base : 3/4/2/2 tier 3 exploits : 2/2/0/0 food : +2 epigenetic crop seeding dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 5/4/3/2 + exploit category 2 planets ( 10 base fids / -5 approval ) arid base : 2/2/5/1 tier 3 exploits : 1/0/3/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining dust : +1 xenotourism agencies science : +1 optics research lab total : 4/3/6/2 + exploit tundra base : 2/1/2/5 tier 3 exploits : 1/2/0/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network dust : +1 xenotourism agencies total : 4/3/3/5 + exploit category 3 planets ( 7 base fids / -10 approval ) arctic base : 1/0/1/5 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/2 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining science : +1 non-baryonic collider total : 3/1/1/6 + exploit desert base : 1/5/0/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/2/0 food : +1 sustainable farms +1 epigenetic crop seeding industry : +1 heavy isotope refining +1 interplanetary transport network science : +1 optics research lab total : 3/7/0/2 + exploit category 4 planets ( 5 base fids / -15 approval ) barren base : 0/1/4/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/3 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : dust : science : +2 non-baryonic collider +2 optics research lab total : 2/1/1/4 + exploit lava base : 0/4/1/0 tier 3 exploits : 0/3/0/0 food : +2 wasteless supply chain industry : +2 interplanetary transport network science : +2 optics research lab total : 2/6/1/2 + exploit category 5 planets ( 12 base fids / -20 approval / cannot terraform ) gas methane base : 0/10/1/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/1/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/10/1/2 + exploit gas helium base : 0/1/1/10 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/1 food : +1 wasteless supply chain total : 1/1/1/10 gas hydrogen base : 0/1/10/1 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/1/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain science : +1 optics research lab total : 1/1/10/2 asteroid belt base : 0/4/4/4 tier 3 exploits : 0/0/0/0 food : +1 wasteless supply chain industry : +1 interplanetary transport network total : 1/5/4/4 + exploit terraform priorities will come in a bit .
when you have played on all 8 pianos , you will gain 2 new songs for your bards . from the faq ( relevant part in bold ) : the only pianos actually giving you any benefit are the seventh and last piano tunes , but you need to have played all others to actually access these . the seventh tune inspires the bard in crescent to teach you mana 's paean , the final tune inspires him to teach you hero 's rime . in addition , your piano skills soar to unknown heights . sure , it is useless versus exdeath , but would not you rather be an erudite homo universalis than a rampaging brute ?
first of all , let 's clarify the question . this situation will only happen during online tournaments . during offline lan events , players have infinite rp and ip as well as every champion purchased . during online tournaments though , players use their standard lol profiles . as a result , there is a decent chance that some summoners will be missing heroes . when that happens , a placeholder champion that never gets actual play like eve is chosen instead and replaced with the intended hero later on . as for why they do not just pick the heroes as soon as they are available ? in the current meta , the top and middle lanes are solo lanes . since solo lanes are 1v1 battles , having to face an enemy who counters you can be too much to overcome . as a result , teams try to pick these two lanes last , in order to avoid getting countered .
from the official wiki defeating enemy units ( +1 per unit ) rewards for heroic or karmic actions during events ( varies ) .
you cannot directly " lure " the guards ( and i think it is a great new skill idea , by the way ) : just like civilians , they are locked in a pretty basic pathfinding . even a guy carrying a grenade-launcher and a giant sport bag , a body armor and some gagball mask popping in a corner will not make them move . source : stealth by morriperkele | deviantart that being , on some maps , you can use some of the interactive items to attract them bank you can break cameras without being noticed ( my advice is to hit them from their blind spot with your melee attack ) . the guards will be notified that something 's wrong with one of the cameras and , eventually , one of them will come to check it up . so you can simply break a camera and hide around it , wait for a guard to pass on , and kill him before he reports the broken camera . framing frame on day 1 , you can lure the guards into the toilet by activating the hand dryer . if the guard is in hearing range , he will go into the toilet to investigate .
i will try and answer each of your points in turn . i am assuming that you are referring to fortress mode . is it better to wear multiple pieces on one bodypart ? it is better to get your dwarves wear multiple pieces of clothing on one body part to get the maximum protection , however this involves trusting your dwarves to dress themselves properly . the theoretical maximum involves wearing 9 cloaks , i will not list the full outfit in this answer ; you can see the details over on the wiki here . in fortress mode , there is currently no way to control what your civilian dwarves wear , however you can define a custom uniform for your military that allows you to assign multiple of the same of armour or clothing . assigning this uniform to a squad will get those dwarves to attempt to put on all the items if they are available in your fortess . there are still some bugs around this area , so instructing your dwarves to wear all this armour may result in them getting stuck picking up equipment . having said all this , in practice i would say the actual answer to whether it is better wear multiple pieces of clothing depends on how much time you want to be micromanaging your dwarves wardrobes . i find that equipping my dwarves with a basic set of armour is often adequate . can only be certain pieces like leather trousers be categorized as over and a woollen cloak as cover ? the material type of the clothing has no effect on how it may be worn . does over or cover get replaced by armor ? you have the ability to ask your military squads to replace clothing with their uniform , or whether they should wear their uniform on top of their normal clothes . i recommend reading the section on the wiki regarding equipping your soldiers on this . i never seen clothing wear off , but i have read it does . is this implemented and how fast does clothing wear off ? it does indeed wear off . you will start to see your dwarves clothes becoming tattered around the second or third year of your fortress , and the clothes start to wear away completely around the third or fourth year of your fortress . if there are new clothes available , your dwarves will get new clothing when it starts to get tattered . do some materials influence the dwarfs mood when walking in certain weather types ? depending on a dwarf 's preferences ( if he/she likes a certain material type or a specific type of clothing ) that that individual dwarf may get happy thoughts from wearing a piece of clothing or armour of that type . however , this is unrelated to weather conditions .
that arrow recalls all the letters that you have put down so far . so try guessing incorrectly , then pressing the button ; all the letters will recall to the letter cache .
there are several vendors who will sell you mark and recall , one that i remember being fairly easy to find is j'rasha in the foreign quarter of vivec . sirlonwe at the vivec mages ' guild also sells both halves of the spell , although i can not recall if there are any requirements for her to teach it to you ( such as being a member of the guild ) . balmora 's temple also has a pair of npcs ( llarara omayn and llathyno hlaalu ) who sell the two halves of the spell , and balmora 's one of the earliest towns you are likely to visit . if you are quite far from vivec or balmora and/or would prefer another location , there is a complete listing of all the npcs who will sell you these spells on the uesp wiki .
if you choose the " they are ready for battle . " renegade option , the students will be made into a biotic company in the alliance . this adds 75 war asset points in addition to renegade points . you will still be able to receive the 20 point bonus for kahlee sanders and the bonus for allowing grissom academy students/instructors access to the citadel .
the tools will be only available for pc , the maps will be playable on all platforms according to this source : http://www.nowgamer.com/news/5030/portal-2-mod-levels-for-all-platforms
spawn mechanics the only thing that is affected underground is that at night you will have less mobs because they will be spawning above ground , in single player the caps are as follows hostile = 79 passive = 11 ambient = 16 water = 5 so at night say 20 mobs are spawned above ground that means that only 59 could spawn below and that is in all current cave networks that are loaded underground ( chunks loaded ) the cap is checked once at the beginning of each spawning cycle . if the number of living mobs in a category is over its cap , the entire spawning cycle for that category is skipped . this means that it is safer to mine at night . as there is the possibilty of more mobs underground during the day where it could reach the full cap . another win for the clock item additionally to note is that if a hostile mob has had no player with 32 blocks of it for more than 30 seconds then it has a 1/800 chance of despawning per spawncheckcycle . and those are every 5 ticks , this applies to y distance so the deeper underground you get the less mobs on the surface . also if you are more than 128 blocks of a hostile mob it will immediately despawn note that this is a euclidean sphere , not a cylinder from map top to bottom and not a taxicab sphere ( which is more like an octahedron ) also mob behaviour spiders are hostile as long as the light level immediately around them is 9 or less . if they are found in an area with a higher light level , they will not attack unless a player attacks first . hostile spiders will continue to chase the player even if they are exposed to daytime or other well-lit locations . conversely , a spider will not become hostile around a player when roaming in daylight , but if it wanders into a moderately shaded area ( e . g . under a tree or rocky overhang ) it will turn hostile and remain that way . and then you have the obvious which is that zombies and skeletons will catch fire if they are in daylight . no passive mobs are affected by the day/night cycle , their spawn rates and behaviour will not change during either . ( wish the chickens would sleep so i could have peace and quiet )
as of version 1.0.1.674 , mods are now published on the steam workshop for civilization v , which is available for browsing outside the game .
here 's a guide : link have fun looking for them .
the law enforcer ( or le ) essentially blocks you from being able to attack other players in game . it also prevents other players from attacking you . there are pros and cons to the law enforcer as follows ; pros : you cannot be attacked by other players when you die , you do not drop a quickbelt prevents any accidental loss of soullight or faction sympathy from other players running through any area of effect attacks you do cons : you cannot join a clan you cannot attack other players ( not always a con ) it takes up an implant slot that could be used for another brain implant removing the law enforcer is easy , simply drag it out of the brain implant slot it is in to your inventory and this will start an implant process to remove it . it will take quite a while to remove , but it can be re-implanted at any point provided your skill rank is /30 or below . above a skill rank of /30 it is no longer possible to re-implant a law enforcer . you do not need any skill points in the implant ( +imp ) ability to insert a law enforcer .
you need to put some bare wire on it in the same place you want to connect the jacketed wire . this is so it looks like it touches the block instead of floating
if my memory is correct you should be able to strafe using the ' strafe on ' key which default was on alt for most of the games of that period . i.e. press alt + left .
i have done this by accident you have to pay the credits each time you switch , and switching refunds the points you put into the power .
there is not one . it is simply the sum of the levels of all of your multiplayer characters , plus bonuses earned from " promotion " .
there are two village centers to consider here ; one on creation , and the one you actually care about . on world generation , the village 's well is considered the center ( or starting point ) of the village . it is the first structure placed , and the entire village construction is based upon the well 's location . the center of the village you actually care about is the centroid of all the doors in the immediate vicinity . if you took all the coordinates of all the doors in your village and averaged them together , this would be the area where golems would spawn . for additional details on the logic of the center of the village , read this section in the minecraft wiki .
as far as i can tell , critical effects in the witcher 2 are like critical hits in most other rpgs . however , unlike those other rpgs , your base crit rate in the witcher 2 starts at 0% . what you are looking for are items or mutagens that directly increase your critical effects chance , such as the aptly named " critical effects mutagen " . from there , your critical effects chance stack with whatever modifiers you have from your weapon to get your total effects chance on each strike . it seems that it will take effects from your weapon into the total display calculations , but only when that weapon is not currently sheathed .
these abilities are gained by performing specific actions , but they are not revealed to you until after you have done them . some examples : as you mentioned , axii is received after first using it in conversation . assassin is received after locating altair 's body in the prologue . cover is received by staying under triss 's magic shield for the duration of that event at the start of chapter 1 ( source ) . some of these are possible to miss , so it pays to be an explorer and a completionist .
i duo as a squire with a monk and we have run across this problem as well . after doing some testing , i definitely see the problem you are talking about . i had not run into it on live because my monk friend found that pretty much the only way to solve this is to slightly skew the setup of the auras . overlapping setup : selling here you can see the problem you described . everything is overlapping evenly , and the snare field is inside the lightning field . unfortunately , you are unable to upgrade or sell the snare field without doing so on the lightning field first . however , you mentioned your friend plays an apprentice , and you are able to sell whatever is inside these fields . make sure you notice the icons next to your cursor , which will tell you which item you have selected . i highlighted those in the red box in the first 2 pictures . overlapping setup : repairing when repairing with a perfectly overlapping set of fields , as far as i can tell through testing , the repair icon will prioritize the field with the most damage . it is a bit hard to see , so i tried to zoom in the selected section , but the snare field has taken more damage than the lightning field , so even though the lightning field usually envelops the snare field , the repair option prioritizes it . and of course , if you hover directly over the barricade itself within the two fields , it will be prioritized . skewed setup this is what we do . he sets them up slightly skewed . the distance between them is large enough that you should be able to relatively easily repair , sell , or upgrade each individual field without sacrificing too much of the effectiveness you get by overlapping . i have colored each field the appropriate color where they do not overlap , then showed an example of where you can hover in order to work with each item in the picture . i stood in one spot and moved my cursor to each separate area , then photoshopped them all into one so i did not have to post multiple photos of just a moved cursor . with this setup , you should be able to more easily repair/upgrade/sell on the fly without sacrificing effectiveness . it gets more complicated the more you have in the fields of course , but hopefully this helps ! unless they release a patch or something that allows you to select a field inside another one , this is what my friends and i do in order to make this more clear .
first , just in case you were not sure : finishing act 2 with a character unlocks their faction-appropriate base-class buff for all your characters , including characters of the opposite faction . any republic characters you make will get the knight buff in addition to their regular buff , and if you decide to level a consular ( for example ) , your juggernaut will get the inquisitor buff once your consular finishes act 2 . either the inquisitor/consular buff or the trooper/bh buff . the inquisitor/consular buff gives +5% to primary stats ( str/will/aim/cun ) and , more importantly +10% internal and elemental damage reduction . the boost to primary stats means you will do a little bit more damage and therefore generate a little bit more threat . internal and elemental damage are not nearly as common as physical damage , but 10% damage resistance can really make a difference in a long fight with a boss who inflicts those damage types regularly . the trooper/bh buff gives +5% endurance . more endurance means more hp . more hp means more " cushion " when tanking ; taking a crit , the healer messing up their rotation , you messing up your cooldown rotation , etc . are all less risky because you can take more hits before going down . it does not really matter , though . if you are in a flashpoint , odds are the 4 people will have all 4 buffs covered between them . if you are in a raid , it is a sure thing . picking up additional buffs is more of an aid when soloing ; that means it is actually more beneficial if you are planning on leveling multiple characters than it is for people who intend to concentrate on a single max-level character .
by first level , you mean the oswaroth 's battle right ? here is my final combination : hero attack lv+2 2 priest heal lv+2 each 2 fire mage attack lv+2 - hp lv2 each 1 royal guardian hp lv 3 , attack lv 3 i already passed that level . good luck !
you list primarily tanky supports , who were hit the hardest with the removal of heart of gold . this leaves two other gp/10 items : philosopher 's stone and kage 's lucky pick . i ignored avarice blade as i do not feel it compliments the support role . a philo stone can build into shurelya 's reverie , eleisa 's miracle , or ohmwrecker . shurelya 's is still a great support item , and eleisa 's reduces the cooldowns of the summoner spells heal , clarity , and clairvoyance . it can also free an inventory spot if purchased early enough ! ohmwrecker is outshined by both items , and i do not recommend buying it on a support . kage 's lucky pick turns into shard of true ice , twin shadows , morellonomicon , or will of the ancients . the first two are most viable on a support , and the shard continues to provide gp/10 . so a lot of things affect whether gp/10 is still viable . for a philo stone : did you take heal or clairvoyance ? do you need extra sustain ? does your team need a shurelya 's ? is anyone else buying one ? for kage 's lucky pick : does your champion benefit from extra ap ? do you need additional cc ? another new item is the sightstone . for an investment of 950 gold , you can place up to 2 wards at a time , with each ward lasting 3 minutes . the sightstone holds 4 wards total and refills when you return to base . this breaks down to 50 gold/minute , and starts saving money after 19 minutes ( assuming you immediately place wards when available ) . it also provides +180 health , making it a strong choice for tanky supports . previously , gp/10 items were essential to compensate for the cost of wards . this is largely mitigated with the usage of a sightstone , freeing money for other items . a philosopher 's stone costs 700 gold and pays for itself in 23.33 minutes . kage 's lucky pick costs 765 and pays for itself in 25.5 minutes . these times are halved if you sell the item . because it takes so long to make money from gp/10 items , it is best to buy them as early as possible . compare this to the gold granted from kills/assists . a champion who has not been killed is worth 300 gold , and 50% of that for an assist . the more times a champion is killed , the less money the kill rewards , with a minimum of 15 gold . since 2 gp/10 items provide 60 gold/minute , you have to get a 150 gold assist every 2.5 minutes for assists to equal gp/10 items . you can get an additional 5 gp/10 from quints and masteries , resulting in 90 gold/minute and needing an assist every 1.66 minutes . the new pick-pocket mastery offers an additional avenue to generate gold . unfortunately , this is not very viable on melee supports . while supports are no longer required to get gp/10 items to support expensive ward-buying habits , these gp/10 items are still cost-efficient for longer games and they upgrade into items that are very useful for most supports . ultimately , the decision to buy gp/10 items comes down to play-style and preferences . if you prefer to play aggressively and need extra stats to stay alive , skip gp items . if you are trying to maximize gold gained , gp/10 is still the better choice ( unless you can get an assist every 1.6 minutes ! ) . tl ; dr : gp/10 is still very viable , especially since those items build into new support-focused items . however , it is no longer a necessity since the sightstone makes warding much cheaper .
stat boosts , from either tonics or surges , disappear after one battle , whether the character with those boosts participates in that battle or not .
i am not able to test it right now , but should not double-clicking on the building select all similar buildings , and then right clicking on the location you want to rally do exactly what you want ? alternatively selecting each building you want to set the same rally point holding shift should , afterwards again right klicking to the location . alternatively , you could add additional buildings to a control group later . select the first building , then ctrl +# . then select the next building , and shift +# . you can use shift +# to add additional items to any control group .
you can ctrl+click the unit in the hud . that will select the same type of unit in the group even if they are not visible on screen .
yes , you can get bonuses from multiple sources for almost any skill and it will stack . life steal from weapons , armor , passive skills ( Bloodthirst ) , active skills ( Furious Charge/Dreadnought ) is additive , you will get the total amount which is then reduced per difficulty level . the contribution of a skill or item to the stat is not reduced , but its actual effect changes - so e.g. you had need to get 50% life steal in inferno to get 10% leeching . unlike other games ( incl . diablo 2 ) , most of these do not have hard caps as the lower bonus values effectively soft cap the maximum amounts you can obtain . one notable exception is run speed , which is capped to 25% from items but can be raised further by skills ( e . g . Sprint ) . also , dodge has a non-linear relation to dexterity , and stacks multiplicatively from sources so it may be non-intuitive on how much adding some equipment will increase the stat .
ranged attacks , with the exception of force bolt/wand of striking ( which destroy the boulder in the process ) , pass over boulders just fine and let you kill whatever is on the other side . if you do not have any ranged weapons or suitable attack wands of spells , in the worst case you can leave sokoban , smash a boulder , and get rocks to throw . if you have a wand of teleportation , you can also teleport the boulder ( and , in the long hallway , probably the monster behind it as well ) with no luck penalty . note that the boulder way very well end up in an inconvenient place .
http://d3db.com/achievement/i/perfect-as-tears is to do 1 perfect gem out of the 4 . that is why they show you the same list as in the other achievement . http://d3db.com/achievement/i/like-stars-in-the-sky is to do 1 perfect gem of every of the 4 types . so basically , you will get perfect as tears first , and then do the same thing on every type of jewel . ( ruby , emerald , topaz , amethyst )
words with friends uses the enhanced north american benchmark lexicon ( enable ) , with a few custom additions such as ' zen ' and ' qi ' . the base word list can be found here , but i do not have a source for any of the custom additions at this time . source
opportunity cards are added to your deck based on whether you qualify for them with your current qualities ; this includes the main qualities like persuasive and shadowy , but also story-related qualities like admirer of art , touched by fingerwork , and scholar of the correspondence . while you can freely affect your main qualities via equipment ( and you will qualify for stories including the effects of equipment ) , you can not affect story qualities via equipment . you can also change your bizarre , dreaded , and respectable via equipment , but there are no opportunity cards that are unlocked by those three qualities . owning certain items can make you qualify for particular cards . equipping an item does not have any further effect . the earliest examples are pets : the sulky bat , the deshrieked mandrake , and the reprehensible lizard will each add a new card to your opportunity deck if you own one . most locations will alter the opportunity deck , too . various places around fallen london proper might add a few cards to the opportunity deck . the full list is on one of the wikis , but , for example , watchmaker 's hill has the cards " a tavern dust-up " , " deal with a drunk old soldier " , and " the departed " . a handful of locations will completely replace your opportunity deck with entirely different cards , first discarding any face-up cards you have . the earliest example is the pickpocket 's promenade in spite , but there are many others : sailing on the zee , polythreme , each of the places of menace , etc . in those strange locations , none of the opportunity cards unlocked by your owned items will be in the opportunity deck .
no . bows are not considered ' two-handed weapons ' in this sense because they are based on the archery skill , not the two-handed skill . if it makes it easier , think of the skill as being named two-handed melee and abbreviated .
http://voobly.com supports aoe ii . in fact , the conquerors is the most played game there . it is an attempt to replace zone.com, the original service for playing aoe ii and the conquerors online .
piercing orb is one of the few signature spells that will go through all the enemies , you can rune shock pulse for that later on . i also liked it earlier when my wizard could go toe to toe in normal difficulty , using pulse with the explosive bolts rune that does corpse explosion . as a lightning spell , it also has a synergy with paralysis ( 8% chance to stun for 2 secs ) .
a straight ratio is not the best , because there are some classes that the medic does not synergize well with ( engineer , spy ) . a better metric would be 1 medic for every 4-5 offensive classes , so 2-3 medics on a 12 person team .
my solution was to create a character , open a ticket in game and tell them the problem . within 20mins i tried my account and it worked ! however i was put onto a different continent . the stone brought be back to my own where i resumed my quest
searching around on the internet , i have found that apparently the best percentage to enter in order to get the most near pin bonuses is 104% if you want to get the most out of near/full pin bonuses for merchant/customer experience levels . each customer has a different percentage that they are willing to pay up to . for example , you may have noticed the little girl is an incredible cheapskate , while the guild master has a considerably larger budget . customer max exp+rep max profit max exp+rep max profit ( selling ) ( selling ) ( buying ) ( buying ) girl 104% 112% ( ? ) 70% 52% woman 104% 118% 70% 52% old man 104% 118% 70% 44% man 104% 127% 70% 39% guild master 104% 127% 70% 41% louie 104% 118% 70% 38% charme 104% 127% 70% 47% information is from this google doc , which has a more detailed collection of collected statistics overall about the game .
there are plenty of benefits of having friends . your friends can help you , and you are rewarded for helping them in return ! being helped by your friends ! friends can help the player fulfilling their boat orders , buying their items at their roadside shop , reviving their trees and bushes and also by ( indirectly ) give the player random mystery boxes when the player visits their farm . friends can give the player items that the player is low or empty on . by adding friends , the player increase their roadside shop space and gain new spaces to sell goods from . helping your friends ! likewise , the player can help both their friends and unknown players . helping friends gives benefits for the player as well as for them . for example , by fulfilling boat orders the player gains money and experience , while the person they helped gets a step closer to stocking a boat full . helping other players is the only way to acquire gift cards , which can then be used to buy packages using the catalogue . quotes from the " friends " page on the hay day wiki . you automatically have one friend when you start the game , an npc named greg . you can also add more friends through facebook if your friends dont mind app request notifications ! npc greg : image from the " greg " page on the wiki
i have played both , and here are some of the biggest differences i have noticed : gameplay changes : you can shift into post mode with one button press ally oop passes are easier pump fakes is a lot harder to defend this time , you can easily get someone into the air and draw a foul . improved hot/cold steaks and 3 point shooting . its a bit easier to make those open shots now , especially on a hot streak . passing is still a bit iffy . player mode changes : you now earn a salary . you can use that salary to purchase additional skill points , increase your skill cap , and other things ( such as improving team rating ) , buying dunk packages , etc . when your rookie contract expires ( takes many seasons ! ) you can start negotiating with other teams for a better contract . there are more key games , and you can simulate to play the next key game from the main menu rather than having to go into the game and choose simulate until end of game . the previous height limit for positions have been removed , so you can make a 6 foot center if you wanted to :p because of the lockout , the entire rookie class are randomly generated names ( really sucks ) , rather than the actual rookie class of 11 . i have not explored the other modes in depth yet , but this feels more like a complete game than 2k11 was , at least to me .
well sure it will make more space on your hard drive since you do not load another map on your server but anyway that you have 1 , 2 or 3 maps on your server the thing to consider is where the peoples load chunks from it . so if a user is in the overworld and another in the nether , the same load is use to keep the chunk loaded for those users . in conclusion , depends how many worlds you have the thing 's most important is how much chuck is loaded into the ram . so you should keep the nether open if you have enough space on your hard drive to keep it alive and keep the backups .
juiced is a deathstreak reward received when you have died four times in a row without a kill , ( 3 times with hardline pro ) . you run faster than if you had just used lightweight , and it occurs on every respawn until you kill someone . http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/deathstreak http://callofduty.wikia.com/wiki/juiced
short and simple : you will have to start from scratch .
it is flavor text that means that your constitution score has gone up by one point . usually because a number of things such as using constitution-based skills or eating certain kinds of foods . of note , medium armor and heavy armor are con skills that train simply by wearing that armor and moving around , while polearms and staves and blunt all train just by attacking . but perhaps more to point - healing , which is your natural recovery , trains any time you heal up . so constitution tends to train pretty well in the background as a result , for any character .
for each of the primary menaces ( nightmares , scandal , wounds , and suspicion ) there is a consequence upon reaching level 8 with any of them . for suspicion , once you reach level 8 , you are hauled back to new newgate prison , where you will be stuck until you reduce your suspicion to 0 . before that reach that point , however , you will notice some other events related to high suspicion . for instance , once your suspicion reaches 4 , you will see the " find a way to throw the constables off the scent " storylet appear at your lodgings , and give you an opportunity to ask your friends for help .
since you probably do not have any skins installed , you will want to first find a skin online . skins can be easily found online , either through a quick google search , or a search through the steam users ' forums and other gaming forum sites . some popular steam skins : metro air pixelvision steam compact the basic gist of installing skins : download the skin files . extract and drop them into your steam skins folder in your steam directory . C: -&gt; Program Files -&gt; Steam -&gt; Skins . head to the interface section of your steam settings . pick the skin you want from the " select the skin you wish steam to use " drop down menu . restart steam .
i have just downloaded the replay pack myself , and sure enough , none of them works . corrupted files maybe ? edit : i have just noticed the date this replay pack got posted ( 5th of march , 2010 ) - it was essentially before the official release , so that might explain why .
okay , it appears i was over-thinking this and by trying to be too clever i was making it harder on myself . i am making some progress on icing people now . here are my tips : 1 ) do not fight people with the x next to their name . i think it means they are dead and it does not seem to want to let you ice dead people . 2 ) do not repeatedly fight the same person . it is pointless . for some reason i do not understand you never seem to be able to ice them . 3 ) do randomly attack people ( excluding the ones in #1 above ) until you a ) beat them and b ) get the power attack button . then power attack them until they are iced or you accidentally kill them . if you accidentally kill them instead of icing them move on to the next person . 4 ) fighting people that are closer to your own strength/level seems to show the power-attack option more often . so do not bother trying to pick out weaklings . however , also do not pick fights with people 500 levels higher either . it is still slow going , but i iced 3 people so far today and i had not been able to ice a single person in 4 days of playing prior to that . i am still a little fuzzy on the game mechanics , but this strategy seems to be working so i am going with it . update : 5 ) you do not have to win the fight to ice the other fighter . if you are fighting just for the ice count . go ahead and power attack even if you lose as long as you are doing good damage on your attacks .
i will post my comment as an answer , just in case . if you set origin to " offline " and click on the battlefield 3/4 icon the game should just launch and give you the option of campaign missions . i found this out by mistake once when my origin was offline and it lauched straight into the campaign . i was mightily confused until i realised it was offline .
you can gave movement speed through 2 master abilities : initiator ( 3% ) and swiftness ( 4% ) . also , you can take summoner 's wrath to improve your sprint speed by 35% . obviously take ghost as your summoner . you can rune 3 movement speed quintessences for an addition 4.5% move speed . boots of mobility offer the largest boost , of +5 when out of combat . add in 5 phantom dancers for an additional 60% movespeed . finally , while it is not sustained , rammus ' powerball move reaches the highest speed of any champion . for sustained burst speed , such as across the map , master yi 's higlander is better .
dt wall = a wall of dark templar , ground troops can not pass without killing them , which they can not do without detection . often used on the utter darkness mission on brutal difficulty . gas the opponent = gas steal ? heavy metal = terran mech heavy build joyo build = a terran rush strategy . did very well in the 2003 wcg tournament . bcs = battle cruisers ccmu = cannot create more units ( i have always heard this from map makers ) chobo = newb
usually there will be an arsenal very close to the weapon pickup location which will let you change your loadout ( just like the one you can build at the bastion ) . you are only forced to use the new weapon briefly in most cases , and against enemies that it is particularly suited to .
just tried out having the phones connected to the host phone via mobile hotspot and it worked ! just make sure that you have background downloads turned off so that you are not wasting all his data . i would assume you can probably connect through a wifi router as well , but since the wifi router at our school is locked down , there is no way to prove that it works at this point .
do not accept the towel from ford . just keep waiting and you will be able to continue .
yes , you can use both . poisoned and enchanted-ness are not mutually exclusive .
from here : you can see a summary of how your score was calculated at the end of each level . it is made up of 3 things : the amount of money you have left over the resale value of your towers ( how much you would get if you sold them ) 1000 points for each core left at the end ( 24 x 1000 = 24000 if you do not lose any cores ) so to get a higher score you should : spend the least amount of money possible use the fewest towers possible and , where possible , use towers with the best resale value be sure not to lose any cores it is also good to wait as long as you can before you spend money to build or upgrade because it earns interest until you spend it . also , try to avoid using the laser because you do not collect resources for aliens that you kill with the laser ( the one that shoots from the sky , not the laser tower ) . i used to think that the money you had ( not spent ) counted too , so i also try to sell all my towers when i am finishing the level . when you see you are about to kill the last alien , start selling all your towers from places he has already passed and you do not need anymore ( reading that post i linked to , i do not think this is true anymore though , i will have to test it ) .
in your inventory> details> offense you can see statistic called area damage . where it states : " all attacks have a 20% chance to also deal x % of the damage to enemies within 10 yards " where x is " area damage " bonus gained from items and paragon levels ( if skilled ) . each enemy that takes any damage from your hero , whether from aoe , dot or single target spell/attack , will have 20% chance to deal x% of the damage it received in 10 yards radius around him . making area damage more effective when used with aoe spells on large groups . source . when triggered area damage instances can not crit on their own ( no yellow numbers ) . however if you made critical strike on target that triggered area damage then it will splash x% of the critical damage you made . there is also possible naming title bug on this stat which could cause some confusion . it says " area damage chance : x%" where the title should be just " area damage : x%" . because the chance is static 20% and they used damage variable x . here is an in-depth guide about area damage that was featured on official diablo 3 website .
the cases are 3.89 inches wide by 6.61 inches high with a depth of 0.55 inches ( although some may be slightly deeper ) . in metric measurements , this is 99mm x 168mm x 14mm .
if i upgrade my medbay , it will heal my crew faster than the o 2 depletion hurts them , allowing me to take 2 crew members and send them to the o 2 generator and repair it fast enough to get back to the medbay and safety while my ship equalizes pressure . edit advanced edition : it is also worth noting that if you have engi-med bot dispersal and emergency-respirators you can last a heck of a long time in full vacuum .
as of release 1.1 , you can enter creative mode and use the new " spawn eggs " item to produce monsters , even in vanilla .
i think you are specifically referencing survival mode here . the issue with survival mode is not that you need to get the drop on enemies , so much as it is that they are plentiful and well distributed throughout the map . it is quite easy to get surrounded in many areas of the map , where 3 or more enemies are attacking at the same time . what you might do is practice runs around the map where you are trying not to stay in locations where you might be approached from multiple angles . enemies tend to spawn in waves , so if you get a good run around the map going , you can kind of " train " them into a pack that will only attack from a single direction . this will allow you to more easily get to cover , since you can generally predict how the whole pack will move . focus on corners - you want a route that includes many corners , so that you can block their line of fire quickly . avoid dead ends , as you will be quickly overwhelmed if you are backed into a corner . when it comes to the juggernaut rounds , i try to give the juggernauts many targets , and have body armor on . since they move slowly , try to leave them for last , or at least for a break between enemy waves . having sentry guns and " sacrificial " riot team and delta team squads can give you enough extra firepower and " meat shields " that you can take them on toe-to-toe . flashbangs will stop them from firing long enough to generally get a clip off into them . aim for the head . you can also get them to try to melee you instead of firing if you get close , and then quickly back away . their melee animation is long and can give your " backup " time to fire , but you need to ensure that you do not get hit , or you will be in trouble .
wheel spikes do indeed pop tires . they extend from your car 's tires gradually as you start to accelerate , so they will not be at full tire-popping potential until a few seconds after you start moving . while there are only a few points at which this can be an advantage , the upgrade 's pretty cheap and you might want to take it on at least one car anyhow . for one thing , popping tires is not considered an additional hostile act , and in fact i think it might not be considered hostile at all in certain cases - i have popped cop tires before without getting a police wanted star , and i have popped other tires in full view of police without upsetting them , but i have not tested it exhaustively . careful not to hit the enemy vehicle hard , lest you upset them . this means that it will not increase your wanted level , but it can get pursuers off your back . dave 's right to point out that the ai rarely has trouble with popped tires ( it seems to be able to set speeds with vehicles that are beyond the top speed they can normally travel ) but they do have trouble with popped tires and tight turns . the luchadores especially fall victim to this with their penchant for large trucks . i do not think the pedestrian injuring features are all that useful , more often than not it will cause you trouble rather than solve anything . the other issue i have with car upgrades in general is that most of the missions and other diversions require you to drive a particular car , and getting your own car out of a garage is usually rather painful . i upgraded several sports cars , thinking i would have a use for them , but by and large i just drove whatever was closest to me while i was on foot .
from this thread : the cottage is an upgraded house . you need to add the extra cottage parts next to an existing house . it gets you more points and stars , but no extra keflings . if you build all the components of a regular house , plus the two extra parts for a cottage , you can build a whole cottage . if , instead , you just build the two extra parts , and you have got room between your houses , you should see some squares around the house where you can place the new parts . once both are placed , your house automatically upgrades to a cottage .
while i do not recall there being any secret achievements for the steam version , there are a total of 4 secret achievements for the xbox 360 , and 1 secret trophy for the ps3 . the xbox 360 achievements are : multiple personalities -- beat 30 levels as alternate characters . way to go ! dancing fool -- you got the fever and danced 100 times . bullseye -- perfect+ ? ! that is unpossible ! marathoner -- you warned the athenians of the oncoming persian army ! each of these is pretty self explanatory . meaning , to get bullseye , you need to perfect+ a level , to get marathoner , you need to run a total of 26.2 miles , etc . the secret trophy for the ps3 is : dancing fool -- dance 100 times not really sure why the ps3 version has fewer " secret " trophies , but , i do not make them ! i just try and get them . regardless , all of these are incredibly easy to earn in a single play through of the game . just make sure you use a different character while you are dancing your way to a bullseye after 26.2 miles !
yes . first you will need to locate the saved game file you want to transfer . second , you will need a tool that is able to upload files to the inside of an application sandbox on your ipad . two possible tools are ifunbox for windows or iexplorer for the mac . open the ftl app in your ios file explorer . browse to the ftl app and you will see a file structure that includes a Library/Application Support directory with a prof.sav file . this is the default save file , but if you have enabled game center , there will be a separate prof.sav file under each player id inside the players folder here . make a backup copy of the files here , if you wish to be on the safe side . it would also be a good idea to kill the ftl app on your ipad if it is currently open , to prevent the game from overwriting your changes when you save and quit . ( double-press your home key and swipe it away on ios 7 , or press the X on ios 6 ) find the prof.sav file on your local pc . you will notice that there is a separate ae_prof.sav file alongside it , which contains all your progress ever since you installed the advanced edition patch . last , copy the ae_prof.sav file to the ipad , under the same folder where you find the prof.sav . ( if you have multiple gamer profiles , you will need to be careful ; it is difficult to match up game center ids except by trial and error , so be sure to make a backup if you are concerned ) then delete the prof.sav on the ipad and rename ae_prof.sav to prof.sav . ( since the ipad version only has advanced edition content , there was no need for a migration from prof.sav to ae_prof.sav . ) ( note : if you have not yet played the advanced edition on the pc , but you want to play ae on the ipad , you can just transfer the prof.sav file . )
these are the numbers taken from the game interface with community event buff - your experience gain is increased with 50% im not gonna do that math for the rest but i assume they are either perfectly correct or close within a rounding error of being correct .
there may be a built in windows way to do it but this lifehacker link suggests a tiny program called mousejail to keep the mouse on the correct screen .
there is in the custom made levels , it came with creator pack 1 . however , it needs to be added in by those who made the level . most do but , some are not that forgiving . as for the main story levels i do not think there is . my daughter and i are on our 3rd play of it and it is something i wish was there but , does not seem to be .
assuming it is overheating , and before spending money on an external device , see if the tips microsoft provides about placement of your xbox help : put the console in an open area with lots of ventilation . do not put the console in an enclosed space . do not stack other electronic devices on top of , underneath , or against the sides of your console . make sure the console and its power supply are on a hard , steady surface . do not put the console on anything soft ( such as a bed , sofa , or rug ) . position the console away from heat sources , such as ventilation openings on televisions and electronic devices . also , keep the console away from heating vents and direct sunlight . position the console away from high-vibrating sources , such as low frequency speakers , subwoofers , etc . and whatever you do , absolutely do not place your xbox next to a picture of clippy :
the ps2 controller is fairly simple to take apart . sounds like the contacts are probably dirty and just not making contact properly for the buttons . link+video : http://screwattack.com/videos/how-to-take-apart-and-clean-your-ps2-controller not sure about the gamecube controller .
there is a list of damage types that tend to be used by different npc factions on the eve wiki . it also lists which damage types tend to be most effective against them . npc damage types the various factions and pirates across new eden tend to inflict particular damage types over others . the following is a list of the damage types inflicted by different factions damage done by npcs angel cartel : all types , although mostly kinetic and explosive . amarr navy : em and thermal . ammatar navy : em and thermal . blood raiders : em and thermal . caldari navy : kinetic and thermal . centii : em and thermal . coreli : kinetic and thermal . corpii : em and thermal . domination : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . gallente navy : kinetic and thermal . gist : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . guristas : kinetic and thermal . khanid : em and thermal . mercenary : all types . mordu 's legion : kinetic and thermal . odamian : kinetic and thermal . pith : kinetic and thermal . rogue drones : all types . republic fleet : all types , mostly kinetic and explosive . sansha : em and thermal . serpentis : kinetic and thermal . best damage to do to npcs guristas - kinetic serpentis - thermal or kinetic mordu 's legion - thermal or kinetic blood raiders - em or thermal sansha - em or thermal angel cartel - explosive mercenary - thermal
the effect for the aura of big bad voodoo works for your entire party . however , the rain dance rune specifically restores only mana . as such it will only work for witch doctors but will work for allied witch doctors as well . allies that are not witch doctors will still gain all effects of the aura ( including the mana regeneration ) , but since they do not use mana that part of the effect will do nothing for them .
they spawn in plains biomes . here is a wiki page about them where all the information you need is : minecraft wiki horses
in the challenges , there are 4 different types of things you could possibly win . first of all the two most obvious things , rupees and ( mostly ) rare treasure . you can win these in either the silent realm challenges or the boss battles . other things you could win in boss battle mode include a piece of heart after beating 4 bosses and the hylian shield after 8 bosses . here 's the prizes you win if you stop in the boss rush : 20 rupees small treasure 100 rupees piece of heart ( 200 rupees if you already received this prize ) 300 rupees rare treasure 500 rupees hylian shield ( 1000 rupees if you already received this prize ) 2000 rupees 3 rare treasures 3000 rupees 9900 rupees ( only possible in hero mode , since you will not have the option to fight demise otherwise )
short answer : wait for a mod . long answer : you can sort of wing it with with the console . save before you do this in case you do not like the results . jump . open the console mid-jump . player.placeatme 89a85 1 this creates a living mannequin npc at your location . did you know mannequins are actually npcs with disabled animations ? creepy . unfortunately , there is no way to attach the special script that mannequins have to the npc you just created using the console . however : first , open the console , click on the mannequin so that it is id is shown : the tai command will disable ai for the mannequin . the openactorcontainer 1 command will show you the inventory the sexchange command will flip the gender . note that since the mannequin lacks whatever mannequin script the real implementations use you will have to use openactorcontainer 1 to change out the inventory . in addition , weapons do not seem to show up on mannequins added this way . you do this at your own risk , as we have no idea what kind of black magic the mannequin script contains to protect your items , make the weapons display , etc . the console is really for debugging the game , not editing the game . source .
to calculate the time it will take to walk to the far lands , we need to know two things , the speed that steve walks , and how far it is to walk there . speed according to the " sprinting " page on the wiki , the normal walking speed of steve is around 4.317 m/s . distance from the " far lands " page on the wiki : in the minecraft : pocket edition 0.9.0 beta series , a far lands similar to the pc edition exists about 12,550,745 blocks from spawn . calculation time = distance / speed time = 12,550,745 / 4.317 time ≈ 3033779 seconds time ≈ 842 hours time ≈ 35 days notes we have calculated that it would take you approximately 35 days to walk to the far lands in minecraft : pocket edition . but it is unlikely you would make it this far , according to the " far lands " page on the wiki , there a few things that will happen before you make it to the far lands : gaps between chunks first begin to be noticeable at x/z values above 100,000 . at around x/z : 700,000 " jitteriness " is experienced and the world starts to become glitchy and unplayable . chunks are seen to vibrate rapidly . past x/z : 900,000 the world becomes completely unplayable and crashes are very frequent at this point . but if you do make it to the far lands , you will come across something similar to this : image from the minecraft wiki .
no . no such option . you are stuck with the default layout . this is the #1 complaint about the game .
as taken from the wildshadow forums : tiles count as " seen " if they are filled in on your minimap . the circle of " seen " tiles on your minimap has a radius of 16 tiles . you can do the math from there . otherwise , no , you cannot see your current tile-seen count at all .
as it is , the base price is the same , whether in a pos or in station . the difference in prices is due to npc taxes ( flat +10% cost , not reduced by standings ) . the main difference between station industry and pos industry is not the job prices , but the material reduction when stacking industry-related pos modules . ( up to 15% materials reduction for supercaps , to 27% reduction for small ships . the rest of the max reduction value is between those two . ) [ see edit ] more accurate info may be found in the dev blogs : read them all . [ edit ] found more information in the crius v1 patch note : assembly arrays have been overhauled : all assembly arrays now have a 2% material reduction to manufactured products ( except for the drug laboratory , subsystem system array , rapid equipment assembly array and supercapital assembly array ) . assembly arrays will keep their 25% time reduction . advanced assembly arrays no longer 10% have material waste . they now all have 2% material reduction like their regular counterparts . rapid equipment array material waste now is 5% instead of 20% . a thukker component assembly array has been introduced : it gives a 25% reduction in manufacturing time and 10% reduction in required materials . can only build capital construction components and advanced capital construction components . source : dev blog : industry prices revamp in crius source : dev blog : pos revamp in crius
climb the steps on the left and the snake will try to bite you . after the second time , the cave should collapse .
hook this up to a clock , repeating every few seconds : /effect @p[r=10] 4 10 5 true this gives any player in the radius of 10 blocks level 5 mining fatigue ( potion effect 4 ) for 10 seconds . whenever they are in the area , they cannot break any blocks . when they leave , the potion effect wears off so they can break blocks again .
ares is short for assault reconnaissance extraction specialist . source : josh willcox , community manager for firefall
the consensus on the card hunter forums seems to be that there is no limit to the number of items that your inventory can hold* . here 's a link to a thread on the official forums discussing the matter . * of course when you are dealing with computers , there has to be some upper limit on the inventory size , but in this case it seems to be so high that it can effectively be treated as non-existant .
you can normally restore only the character save . the user profile contains the general values for the profile ( such as badass tokens or number of golden keys ) . you can either import another profile file with a different amount of badass tokens and golden keys and all your character will get them too import another save on your profile and the character will have the amount of goldens keys and badass tokens available on your profile
you can fix the arrow range in your " skyrim . ini " file . add : [Actor] fVisibleNavmeshMoveDist=XXXXX.0000 if for some reason you already have " [ actor ] " somewhere in there , just add the next part into that section . what this does it fixes arrows that can not hit anything past a certain range . e.g. , when you shoot something from really far away and it never hit , but when you get a little bit close , it hits . i recommend setting the value ( xxxxx . 0000 ) to something around your actor fade distance ( ~10000 ) . also , the arrows by default are aimed slightly above where your crosshair is . you can fix it with these lines : under " [ combat ] " add : f1PArrowTiltUpAngle=0.0 f3PArrowTiltUpAngle=0.0
if you use signs , you can place signs on other signs and just cover the area needed . there is no way to use less than 1 sign per block though .
all enemies respawn when you exit/reenter the game ( with the possible exception of the destroyer ) . some respawn if you simply leave the area ( such as crawmerax ) . if you have the secret armory of general knoxx dlc , i would suggest farming crawmerax ( best experience , and the only way to reach max level of 69 ) . the added bonus is he also drops a lot of high level loot , including pearlescent weapons .
the idea here is to " bring the game to life , " so to speak . part of the success factors in recruiting via ap is the signal strength and number of the hot spots around you . the device is not actually searching the internet , but they want you to feel like you the game world is connected to the real world .
untill you reach town hall 5 , 20% from your gold/elixer can be stolen from the storages . the cap for this is 200k . from th6 and onwards , this percentage drops by 2% for each th level . from th7 and above the cap increases with 50k for each th level . so for clarity and completeness ( and no calculations ) :
the default map does not have a limit and silos hold infinite amounts , i believe . however there is a slow decay factor that might be active , so you do not want to store too much otherwise you are slowly losing the materials to decay . note : it should be noted that some mod maps place limits on these silos and also there are ways to change the limitations using something called giants editor . if you use this it basically gives you access to options that some might call configuration options which shows that the option for silos is blank thus making it infinite , and in turn also letting you give it a limit .
as ben blank said , the only thing that will spontaneously cause an explosion , if you have not made any tnt , is a creeper that got into your house . i see three possible directions for the creeper to enter from : the caves most likely , either you have an insufficiently lit patch of floor in the connected caves ( walls and ceilings do not matter ) , or there is a dark branch that you have not found . i strongly recommend always installing doors at connections between caves and living space . the front door the damage you described seems to be focused around the doorward side of you . you say you removed " the bricks leading up to the door " , but if there is still a one-block-jump path it is possible a creeper got in anyway . next time , do not worry about removing the path , just close the door ! if you have a wooden door , zombies can break them - this will cause a loud sound of someone punching some wood . the ceiling you have not said anything about your ceiling design . is it possible that your ceiling had a hole in it through which a creeper entered ? there are [ minimal spoilers ] ways for dirt/grass blocks to go away , so if you had a dirt roof perhaps a creeper fell in . miscellany to my surprise , it appeared that nearly all my objects were still there . most were sitting in the same spot that their chest was in . as best i can tell , i was able to recover nearly everything , with the exception of the signs and 2 of the 5 chest blocks . chests drop their contents when destroyed , as you saw . if there had been two explosions , then the second one would have destroyed all of your resources , as they have almost no “health” . they also tend to leave big craters , and there seemed to be too little structural damage in this case . the size of an explosion crater depends on the strength of the materials . if you meet a creeper outside , then it will leave a large hole in the dirt , but the same explosion will do much less damage to stone . oddly , the door and torches outside were gone , but the structure itself was untouched save for two holes in the floor ( marked " gone " in the above picture ) . wooden objects are generally weaker against explosions , and torches have no blast resistance at all .
from the duke nukem wiki the protozoid slimer will attack any weaker being close to it . that is , it will attack and " consume " assault troopers , assault captains , pig cops , assault enforcers and protector drones . it will do nothing to any other enemy , and it will not purposely go for any of those enemies ( it will only try to attack the player ) .
there are a few things you can try : restart steam . reboot your computer wait until its done . rename the file ClientRegistry.blob to ClientRegistry.bak . by default you should find this file under C:\Program Files (x86)\Steam . this will force steam to generate a new . blob file and might fix your problem . disable and exit steam-limiter if you have it
you can easily check the base stats of each character under the " status " menu , in " tactics . " i am currently playing through at level 13 , so my stats may differ from yours ; however , the base values for my current party are as follows : tiz : str 16 vit 16 int 15 mnd 16 dex 16 agi 14 agnes : str 14 vit 14 int 17 mnd 17 dex 14 agi 13 ringabel : str 15 vit 15 int 16 mnd 14 dex 17 agi 17 edea : str 17 vit 17 int 14 mnd 15 dex 15 agi 14 so as you can see , edea is suited to be a fighter-type ; ringabel , to be a faster type , a la thief or ninja ; agnes is best as a mage ; and tiz is an all-rounder with slight leanings toward mind-type or strength-type jobs . edit to add : however , the other poster is indeed correct that the difference is pretty small , and mostly insignificant . as a minmaxer , though , the difference between 17 base dex and 14 base dex is pretty huge early in the game .
decorations firstly , build a few decorations where they are most of the time , such as when idle ; in rooms as you have already done , but also in communal places where they like to idle . the market is usual , maybe a balcony if you have one , or the tavern . in this way when they idle they get happiness from idling , and also from being near fancy items . placing the items where they are most of the time is the best way to get more bang for your buck , of course you can decorate all areas to improve their happiness generally . fixing low happiness what makes them happy the most is idling . my problem was that when i first started i would start loads of building projects , immediately starting the next one once the last had finished . i generally set the auto-production levels too high , meaning the townies always had something to do . this resulted in townies being unhappy , meaning when they died they would not get replaced , resulting in more work for those left , meaning more unhappy townies . it can be a downward spiral . to get out of this firstly , let them finish up any extra work , like building walls , decorations etc . then change your automatic production to the minimum needed , e.g. only food and only a little food . in my town i went for farming cows and chickens , starting out i only automatically butchered one of each , and cooked one of each . i also produced one egg and one milk pale , but that was it . this way you are doing the minimum to survive . they only make a food item if there are none left . note that your heros might not like this ( they might leave due to lack of food ) , but once your happiness is sorted out and your economy is back on track the heros will easily come back . monitor this a bit , ensuring you are producing enough food , what you should find is that you will not hold much stock , but when hungry the townie will either go and make some food , grab one just prepared , or if you are not producing enough food generally they will go and get raw food , e.g. milk/eggs . economic growth vs . happiness hauling does count as a job as you say , so whenever i am ready to explore a new dungeon level or take on a lot of mining etc . that will mean lots of traveling around carrying things i try and stop most building work beforehand to get them starting as happy , well fed , rested etc . do not worry about the fact that to start with you are only dealing with basic materials and items . progressing down the dungeon layers for better items is a big job . you really want happiness to be high when you go down a layer as townies like running into a raging battle to collect some bones ( for example ) . you want a steam of villager ready to replace them if this happens , which you get if everyone is happy . they key is as long as they are happy you will have a good economy as its easy to get more townies ( just build more rooms ) , so that is the priority not economy ( beyond food ) . town design i also try and design my towns so the distance from food source to dining room is as minimal as possible . i have lots of farms ( cows and chickens in my case as they give milk and eggs in addition to meat ) and a kitchen right next to them , then a dining room right next to that ( with walls/doors in-between so it looks nice ) . the point is to minimize the time taken to do repetitive tasks , making/preparing/eating food is the main one . the game goes for any production chain , although obviously some things you can not control the location of , for example sources of metals . i tend to have any barrels of stock in a central location , that is farily near to anything that would need them , i.e. raw/prepared food barrels in the kitchen , stone in the masonry area etc . this way things get moved most of the way in one go .
no , i do not think so . there were mini games in san andreas ( arcade , betting etc ) and in gta4 ( pool , bowling , darts ) but none of them actually allowed you to play gta inside gta : )
there is a 1 in 3 chance any particular bone will tame a wolf . if you have a stack of x bones , the chance you will be able to tame a wolf before running out of bones is 1 - ((chance of not taming with bone) ^ x) 1 - ((2/3)^x)  fill in for x to get your chances . for a 99% chance to get a wolf , you will need 12 bones . 17 bones will get you 99.9% chance , and 22 bones will get you up to 99.99% chance . note : i got the 1/3 figure from http://minecraft.gamepedia.com/wolf -- in the same sentence , it also says " up to 12 bones need to be used to ensure that the wolf is successfully tamed . " this sentence cites a tweet from jeb which makes neither of these assertions , although the tweet does confirm that it is a random chance . i am running with the 1/3 figure and assuming they are just assuming nobody will hit that 1% chance , although it is a virtual certainty that some players have gone into the 20 bone range . the 1/3 figure matches my anecdotal experience , and it is the only place i have found that attempts to give a solid number on it . probability is a subject that trips up a lot of people , so a lot of results come back with people giving answers with an authoritative tone that seem unsupported ( e . g . saying it is random and then guaranteeing an upper limit to the number of bones needed ) .
there is a solid chance either 1 ) a game file is corrupted ; or 2 ) one of your mods is interfering with listen servers . go to c:\program files ( x86 ) \steam\steamapps\common\team fortress 2\tf . take the entire contents of your custom folder + cfg folder and move both to your desktop . open steam , right click on tf2 > properties > local files > verify integrity of steam cache . once complete , launch the game and see if you have any issues with your listen server . if you still have issues , it may be a good idea to delete and reinstall tf2 . if there are no issues , start adding back in your mods and custom script files a few at a time , launching the game and testing for issues with each time you re-add something . you will probably want to add the less intrusive mods back in first , such as model or material replacements , as those are less likely to mess with the overall game .
as you said , you can go back to the starting quests . this can be done from the main character selection screen , under " change quest " . however , you were asking specifically about lore books . i do not think there is a way to reset all the lore books . instead , you can open up your j ournal and look through there . it contains all the lore books , monster entries , etc . for your reading or listening pleasure .
meat rings are a special , worthless ring created exactly as you described . here is the one time that the descriptions of items are important . you know how rings are called things like iron ring or silver ring or stone ring before you identify them ? this is how you determine what rings you can eat . certain monsters have a trait called " metallivore " . this lets them eat metal items the way we eat food . rock moles and xorns are metallivores , while rust monsters are a special metallivore that can only eat rust-prone metals like iron and steel . by polymorphing into one of these creatures ( using a potion , wand , ring , trap , or spell of polymorph ) , you can then eat rings that are made of appropriate material . doing so has a 1/3 chance of granting the intrinsic normally granted by the ring as a permanent intrinsic . so for example , you could gain " polymorph control " if you are lucky with a ring of polymorph control . wooden rings are also edible , but only by polymorphing into a gelatinous cube . the main reason to eat rings is to earn their intrinsics without needing to wear the ring . this lets you get more effects , or alternatively avoid the hunger penalty normally associated . you can not eat rings of slow digestion , but eating rings of conflict , regeneration , and hunger will permanently increase your hunger rate , so be warned if you plan to eat the former two . for the most part , the intrinsic will remain when you polymorph back to normal . however , the rings that boost a stat , like +strength , will not remain when you revert . rings of plus-to-hit and plus-to-damage do revert , and are often eaten by people who specialize in unarmed combat . i think there are maybe one or two more rings that do not have an effect if eaten ( levitation , for example ) . this is because being able to permanently have some intrinsics is unbalanced , or otherwise makes the game unwieldy to play . you can also eat amulets . amulets are all made of iron , so all metallivores can eat them , but they only pass on the intrinsic on a 1/5 chance . do note that eating an amulet of life saving or an amulet of reflection will have no effect , so do not waste an awesome amulet thinking it will . as well , eating the eye of the aethiopica will only confer its base item ability as an amulet of esp .
there is not much of a trick to defeating its first form . do your best to dodge its laser attack , and when it launches the slower flying missiles ( i think , it is been a long time since i finished metroid prime ) destroy them as quickly as you can . if you have unlocked super missiles for the gun its weak to , definitely use that as well ( especially for the ice and normal guns , not sure how helpful the other super missiles will be against him ) . also learn when he is about to switch sides , and change into your morph ball and get to the middle of the area so he will not damage you as he moves across the room . as for the second form , are you switching your visor when he changes which spectrum he is visible to ? as i recall , he goes from normal -> heat -> x-ray and then back to normal . if you are only damaging him when he is visible to the normal visor , this makes the fight much harder . other than that , the fight is really about killing the secondary metro ids as fast as possible in order to concentrate on killing the boss as quickly as possible . so get good at destroying metroids . : ) again , it is been a long time since i finished metroid prime , so i am not sure how many energy tanks are needed at a minimum . however , if you are having problems it would not hurt to get more - this gives you more of a buffer to work with . there are plenty of guides online to where all of the items are so they should be easy to find if you get stuck .
there are a lot of strategies that can get you a quick win if the enemy fails to counter it , usually those that rely on a single unit type produced very early in high quantities . the best known examples are double 6/7/8 pools and double mass-marines from 3rax with two reactors and one tech lab for stim . they work , they are strong , but if they do not kill both enemies fast then you are at a significant disadvantage . i do not recommend using them though . there are a lot of combinations that work very well , but most depend on your opponents and their strategies and of course on your races . for example against two protoss going two-gate mass-zealot a sentry/marine force works quite well ( sentries forcefield the zealots away from the marines so the marines can make use of their insane dps ) and guardian shield will also help against double mass-marine . i do not recommend teching too fast unless the enemy turtles ( for example if they have multiple cannons at the ramps ) . my usual 14hatch/13pool into mass-zergling/baneling strategy as zerg is the same as my 1v1 strategy and unless there is a 6-pool it works quite well , too . if everything fails , try to die slowly , as day9 says
there is no pause button . source 1 - the game 's steam discussion forum , where a search for the word pause returns a short list of people asking for a pause button . source 2 - this ( kinda spoilery ) article which mentions : " no pause key becomes a critical issue when working through challenges . the penalty for being distracted with the real world is to lose 10-15 minutes of work . "
if you are outbid , the money shows up in the " completed " tab , and you must send it to your stash . this transaction should be immediately after you are outbid . if the money was not returned to you in the " completed " tab after you were outbid , then it may be due to ah lag currently affecting the servers ( comment by wikwocket ) , or it was a bug and you should contact blizzard about getting your gold back . give it a few minutes , log in and out , and if it still does not show up , let an admin know . the auction house seems to be having a lot of problems right now , so be wary that it may be awhile before they have a response for you .
you need to get 9 keys , 3 each of terror , hate , and destruction from the countess , the summoner , and nihlathak in hell . these will allow you to open 3 red portals , where you will fight uber bosses to get three more special items . putting these 3 special items in the cube will open the portal to uber tristram . here are the details from the wiki the first step is to gather the three keys required to open the first of the red portals . the keys of hate , terror , and destruction are required , and can only be found from certain boss monsters , and only on hell difficulty . get the key of terror from the countess , the key of hate from the summoner , and the key of destruction from nihlathak . it is a good idea to have 3 of each key before beginning the second stage of the pandemonium event , so you can do all three of the special areas in the same game . ( the same area will not repeat in the same game , so you will have all 3 ingredients for uber tristram . ) the keys look identical , and can only be discerned between by hovering on them to see their name . key of terror these are dropped by the countess , who is located on the fifth level of the forgotten tower in the black marsh , act one . she is commonly run for her rune drops , and will drop a key of terror about 8% of the time she dies on hell difficulty . key of hate the summoner drops this one . he is found at the end of one of the four points of the arcane sanctuary , in act two . he will only drop a key of hate on hell difficulty , and even then only every few games . key of destruction nihlathak sometimes drops this key , but only on hell difficulty . he is found at one end of the four-pointed halls of vaught , the lowest of the three halls levels reached through anya 's portal in harrogath , in act five . opening the red portals once you have the keys , stand in harrogath , on hell difficulty , place one of each in your horadric cube and convert them . a red portal will open to one of three locations ; the matron 's den , the forgotten sands , or the furnace of pain . which portal opens first is random , but if you do all three in the same game you will not get the same one twice . for this reason it is recommended that you have 9 keys to begin with , 3 of each type , so you can do them all in the same game . it is also recommended that you stand in different places so you will spread out the three portals , so they do not overlap and make selecting the correct one ' uber difficult ' . you will be adding a 4th portal once you have completed these three , to uber tristram , so save room . uber tristram to create a red portal to uber tristram , place diablo 's horn , baal 's eye , and mephisto 's brain in the horadric cube , and transmute them while standing in harrogath in a hell difficulty game . a red portal will open , the fourth in that area if you have done them all in the same game . it takes you to uber tristram , where the real fun begins .
unlike diablo 1 , magic attributes do not significantly add to the value of the item , instead the base type is more relevant . as you first pointed out ; wands , sceptres , staves and orbs are worth gold based on the " character level " of the skills on them . for example , an orb with +3 firebolt will be worth significantly less than an orb with +3 frozen orb . when you pick up caster weapons , throw away weapons without a level 24 or level 30 skill level . body armor is also generally worth a lot more than weapons . in normal armor , look for full plate or ancient armor and any " exceptional " or " elite " armor will usually hit the gold cap . see all the armors here . finally , make sure your selling everything in hell difficulty , as your act ( in normal ) and difficulty affect your maximum value . act 1 normal is 5000g maximum , hell difficulty ( any act ) is 35000g . it might also be worth making a " gold find barbarian " character just for farming gold . this involves creating a barbarian with the " find item " skill who destroys everything in the " travincal " ( act 3 ) zone . the council members there drop significant gold , and drop even more gold with " find item " cast on their corpse .
no , identical buffs/debuffs do not stack applying a buff or debuff that already exists simply refreshes the debuff already there it should be noted that this is different for dot debuffs . per this post the exception would be dots from multiple players . no player can reset/remove your dot . everyone has their own dot counters , so you can apply the same dot to one enemy as long as it is coming from two different sources .
the cannons function much as the ' warp zones ' of mario yore . they allow you to skip a few of the world , generally jumping 4 ahead -- world 1 cannon takes you to jungle world 5 , for instance . as to unlocking them , you must find the alternate exit ( you can tell from the red ending flag ) within one of the levels that make up the world , usually the level closest to the cannon itself . if you edit your question to specify which world you are interested in , i can drudge up some more details .
i did a run through with a new character , noting when each of the conversations became available . there are a few that the exact point in the quest is not 100% because a friend joined and i did not want to hold them up by running back after every single objective . once you have heard a conversation , if it was missable , it seems to stay around in stead so until i go through with another character and do not talk to anyone , i can not be certain when exactly they can be missed . leah 's childhood is an example of this - you get this conversation when she is following you during the broken blade , but since she was following my friend , i could not collect this one and later it was not available and as such would be missable however once collected , it was available until the end of the act so in these cases , there would be two points at which they become unavailable . leah stops talking to you after you finish the breached keep in act iii and by then any conversations not heard have certainly been missed . act i tristram : available after accepting the quest the fallen star by starting act i until you complete the quest legacy of cain . adria 's death : available after accepting the quest legacy of cain until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . life with cain : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . adria : available from the time after you complete the quest the legacy of cain and before you accept the quest a shattered crown until you are given the objective talk to the priest during the quest the doom in wortham . leah 's childhood : available from when you are given the objectives to " retrieve the beacons " during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . about the temple : available from when you are given the objective to enter the drowned temple during the quest the broken blade until you begin act ii . leah 's power : available after accepting the quest trailing the coven until you begin act ii . act ii about zoltun kulle : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . about adria : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . remembering deckard : available after accepting the quest betrayer of the horadrim until you accept the quest blood and sand . the archives : available from when you are given the objectives to " open shadow locks " during the quest the black soulstone until you are given the objective enter the soulstone chamber through the terminus during the quest the black soulstone . act iii concern : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you complete the quest the breached keep . hopes : available after accepting the quest turning the tide until you complete the quest the breached keep . dreams : available after hearing the converation hopes until you complete the quest the breached keep . ( humourously , the male witch doctor has the wrong audio here ) extras these do not count towards the achievement , but they are also conversations that can be had with leah : soulstone instability : available from the time after you begin act iii and before you accept the quest the siege of bastion 's keep until you accept the quest the breached keep . the black soulstone : available during the quest the breached keep .
first check your network connection by browsing . . if its stopped working then the problem from your connection . . otherwise , please provide the error number ( the one you get when you face the problem ) .
level 61/63 drop rates after diablo 3 patch 1.03 after patch 1.03 the item level drops at inferno difficulty have been changed . high-end items ( items level 61-63 ) will now drop in all acts of inferno and acts iii and iv of hell difficulty . the new approximate drop rates are the followings : [ * ] show the increment from 1.03 to 1.03b patch patch 1.02 and previous ( history ) before diablo 3 patch 1.03 the item level drops at inferno difficulty were the following : inferno act i : you had a chance to get an item level 61* drop or inferior . inferno act ii : you had a chance to get an item level 62* drop or inferior . inferno act iii/iv : you had a chance to get an item level 63* drop or inferior . *the item tooltip will show level 60 in any case .
all the maps have been slightly compacted but nothing has changed . you will recognise areas on both pc and consoles as the same . dice executive producer patrick bach says : on the construction of more " compact " maps : " maps will be smaller than their pc counterparts , though it is not that we have cut them in half , but rather compacted them slightly to keep the action up . " i think they have mainly cut away a lot of the empty land between places . there are also no " invisible walls " and the map borders works in the same way as bad company 2 - giving you 10 seconds to get back into the battle zone .
have you found the wiki ? there is not much of a beginner 's guide there , but it did help me understand most of the mechanics of the game . stuff like influence i do not know how they expected a player to just pick that up . being turnbased you have the luxury of not having to work under time constraints ( not multi-player obviously ) so i recommend putting your alt and tab keys to work and consult the wiki as much as you need to in game . with games that have so much to learn like this and dwarf fortress , my method for learning is to start a game with a single goal in mind . for example you could start a game with the sole intention of exploring the diplomacy mechanic , and see how well you can do with just trade routes and trading research and resources with your allies . once you get a good idea of how that works , abandon that game and start over but try and focus on keeping your planets satisfaction up . another time try and maintain a huge army and teach yourself organizational tricks to keep track of all your fleets . eventually you can piece it all together and dominate the galaxy . there is no single resource that will allow you to just " get it " the game is too in depth for that . just play , learn and have fun , it is a great game .
from the need for speed wiki : the s15 is one of the best , if not , the best drift car in the whole need for speed series . however due to its handling and acceleration the s15 is also recommend in circuit and/or sprint races . in nfs:world the s15 always has been the overall best performing in t1 . players also have stated that the silvia can easily keep up with t2 cars .
the score is based on how many tiles the red path travels through after a new tile is placed . for each additional tile traversed , you receive the previous tile 's points + 1 . passing through the same tile more than once counts as crossing an additional tile . for example , placing the top tile in the illustration below caused the path length to extend by two tiles , giving +1 for the first tile , and +2 for the second : depending on how well you set up your tiles on previous turns , connecting your path to a series of well-networked tiles can cause your path to traverse several tiles in a single turn , leading to a much higher score .
i decided to bite the bullet and test this myself , since it was going to be at least 50 more battles either way . you can , in fact , start from an earlier saved game . i loaded up my save file that had 50 consecutive " great ! " streaks , and sure enough , after 50 more , the clock stopper trophy popped .
xm charge , portal level and nearby targets will determine whether to try hacking a portal before taking it down . is it a high level portal that will zap you for lots of xm , and you might run out of xm before destroying it or have other targets to attend to ? in this case , do not hack while unfriendly . otherwise , esp . for portals that need a lot of repositioning and you will take almost 5 mins to kill them , always hack before attacking . followed by another hack after all deployments are done . never hack when its neutral or has just 1 resonator , unless you are fond of l1 items ; ) why would you claim all portals before hacking one ? you get 4 hacks , one every 5 mins . it is better to work on burning out portals you captured earlier while you attack remaining targets , unless you plan to do 20+ mins of hacking at the end . when initially claiming a portal , are there any strategies to have a better chance of walking away with keys when you are done ? see is there a way to increase the odds of getting a portal key ? in the case of acquiring portals , remember that attacking a higher level portal before you capture it might give higher level items , but overall less chance of any items . thus , i expect that for keys its better to hack after it is captured , if you have to choose between the two .
it is a bug . luckily , it is a bug with 0 consequences - the letter is only to inform you of the land being available , you can still go to the jarl/steward and talk to them about the land without getting the letter . land is available in falkreath , morthal and dawnstar .
due to the fact that turning against the drift makes it take longer to get the mini-boost , i tend to drive these karts and bikes exactly like the n64 version of mario kart , where you had to move the stick from side to side to get the boost . initiate turn and drift . steer against the drift . briefly steer back into the drift to get the boost . repeat 2 and 3 , if necessary , depending on how tightly you need to turn and how quickly you want the boost .
spore pods explode when you get near them , and do considerable damage . gestation pods release a little swarmer if you get near them , which is not really dangerous in and of itself , but they can keep your shields from recharging . since you really do not get anything per-kill in this game ( except for achievements ) , you might be tempted ignore both types unless you are going to be getting close to them for some reason . ( either pickups behind them , or they block the way forward ) however , i would suggest ending all of them - but you may wish to conserve flamethrower ammo and use your powers instead . i find shockwave does a decent job against the pods and the webbing that blocks your path in areas . also note that even if you manage to snake your way through a whole group of them , your ai squadmates will still bumble into them on their own , which means damage and tiny bugs regardless .
crowning is a special process that can occur to a very pious character . it requires that your alignment be extremely aligned with your deity ( so , l+ or n or c- as appropriate ) , that you have a piety level of " extremely close " , and that you are not doomed or cursed . when these criteria are met , you may be " crowned " when making a sacrifice at your deity 's altar . you can crown at any level , but the requirements for piety and alignment tend to take a while to achieve . the rewards for crowning are an artifact , a blessed amulet of your alignment , an intrinsic immunity picked from fire/cold/shock/acid , " blessed " as an intrinsic , and a few bonus effects which let you pray more often , suffer less hunger issue for wearing artifacts , and also convert any altar . the important thing for your question here is the artifact , which is randomly selected from a selection of artifacts based on your class and in some cases race . in particular , dwarves and elves each get a specific artifact added to their list of potential artifacts based on class . this is what is referred to whenever " crowning gift " is mentioned . note that there is something similar called " pre-crowning " or " post-crowning " , which is simply a way for your deity to give you artifacts . it does not provide any other benefits like crowning does , but it also is not restricted to the same list of artifacts - these will grant you any non-guaranteed artifact . pre- and post-crowning require that you be of extreme piety as well as be at level 8 , +3 additional levels per generated artifact currently in the game . pre-crowning occurs before you get crowned and before you are at the very edge of alignment , while post-crowning occurs after you get crowned and requires that you maintain your extreme alignment .
i do not think that is the correct path , i have the following file on my machine : /Users/username/Library/Application Support/Blizzard/StarCraft II/Variables.txt  i do not see the frame rate variables but there is plenty others , so try adding them there .
those offers typically have an expiration date , though it may be in small print . there are a couple possibilities : blizzard offered 7 free days back in november in preparation for the cataclysm release . not sure why it would appear this late on your account , but it could just have been an error . i vaguely recall receiving a couple " come back to us " kind of offers on my second ( now expired : ) ) account . it is possible that you received one of those and it also expired . to be certain , i would contact blizzard 's support and see what they say .
this is done in three parts : part 1: get into the good graces of the jarl how you do this is dependent on who controls the city during the civil war : if you do not let the imperials take control of the city , the jarl will be laila law-giver . you can win her favor by completing all parts of the miscellaneous objectives that starts with wujeeta at the fishery . if the imperials have taken control , you can win favor with the newly installed jarl by speaking to them . part 2: become a champion of the people of riften once the jarl likes you , you will be able to secure her trust by helping the people of riften . completing five miscellaneous objectives or favors in riften will complete this step . part 3: handle riften 's drug problem there are three miscellaneous objectives you need to complete : " helping hand " , " the raid " , and " supply and demand " . you might've already completed these as part of the first two steps . once complete , you can purchase your new home for a cool 8,000 gold . for a complete walkthrough , this is exactly what i did : spoke to wujeeta and completed " helping hand " by giving her a healing potion . intimidated wujeeta into telling me where she got her skooma spoke to jarl laila in mistveil keep and told her who the dealer is , and accepted her request to shut him down went into the riften warehouse , confronted the dealer , and retrieved the information about where the skooma was coming from told the jarl about the source , who then told me to deal with it ( noting that i would be well on my way to a title in riften for doing so ) went north to craigslane cavern and disrupted the skooma operation by killing everyone inside and outside reported back to the jarl about the disruption . at this point , the jarl did not have anything new to say . spoke to wylandriah , the jarl 's mage , and completed her retrieval quests by going to windhelm , winterhold , and ivarstead . spoke to sibbi black-briar in the riften jail , and subsequently completed " the lovers requital " completed a dragon bounty given by the jarl 's steward . spoke to romlyn dreth and subsequently completed " under the table . " at this point , i received a new objective to speak to the jarl . upon speaking to her , she said she had make me thane once i purchased a house in riften , which i was then allowed to do by speaking to the steward .
the aim assist is available only in the campaign not in the multiplayer . the way it works is that it helps you ' snap ' to the target nearest to the reticle while aiming down the sights . so maybe that snapping action is throwing you off . you can disable it and try . it takes time to transition from pc to controller and while keyboard and mouse maybe more accurate , you will get used to the controller soon enough . now to answer the other part of your question , there are some non-standard controllers ( read cheats ) that provide extra functionality like this one . but you can not use a keyboard and mouse to play regularly .
this is actually a very easy fix . your design is something like this : the extra delay comes from the raising of the signal on top of the block , which is actually unnecessary . simply lower the signal , like so : and there you have it . the doors will now be in sync .
no , there are no price different between the fences , however some fences will only buy set items ( jeweler only will buy gems etc ) as to holding on to loot for selling later , there is no real point , because there will be no change in selling price later in the game , and thus there is nothing to gain from holding on to loot
yes , it is a noted bug : http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/961239-fez/62545192
i will consider it as the game is in end-game state , with the blue stamp and distant guards . it takes about 10 seconds after pressing the detain button for the guards to have removed the person from your booth and you being able to press the button for the next person . this means that the income from detaining equals being able to handle a person in 20 seconds from speaker to speaker , or equivalent to processing 18 persons/day . conclusion : detain , not reject .
eve university has a tutorial here see the ' advanced hauling ' section and this item specifically : if you put your goods in a secure container , and then make a courier contract with that container , then the items in the container will be " double wrapped " , and protected from cargo scans unless they have changed something recently you specifically can not put a container inside another container , if you try you will get a message about planck something or other . you use double wrapping when you want your cargo to be unviewable from gankers cargo scanning the hauler ship .
it is using your shield block chance 's % as a multiplier . for example , if your shield has 20% block chance , then shattering shield will do 325% + 60% damage for a total of 385% damage .
if you are in a big team battle , chances are your Glitterlance will hit multiple targets as long as you fire into the mass of the enemy . however , if you are looking for something more strategic besides aiming it into the majority , really Help, Pix! is the only real answer to spreading out the bolts . if you cast Help, Pix! on an enemy , you can then almost assuredly hit them with Glitterlance even if they are running away , while still aiming your normal bolt at an enemy right in front of you . an alternative to this ( which i rarely , if ever , see used ) is that you can actually cast Help, Pix! on a minion and launch the second bolt from that point ( as long as the minion stays alive ) . this can be incredibly useful for slowing down a fleeing enemy or just extending the range and effectiveness of your Glitterlance . and finally , do not forget that Help, Pix! can also be cast on allies -- meaning you can then launch the q from them , as well . with this versatility , its use is actually very customizable , even if it requires a good bit of creativity and fast thinking .
a human doctor will be looking for the medi-gel formula you have in your possession following the completion of your mission on palaven . you can find her in lobby of the huerta memorial hospital on the citadel , to your left when you walk in the door : outside of having completed the palaven mission , there is nothing in particular that you need to do to trigger this mission beyond talking to her once in possession of the forumla . as raven dreamer notes in the comments , the doctor does have a side-conversation that would clue you into her need for the formula to begin with which you will overheard as you approach her .
maybe your computer or graphics card is getting too hot . check how long you can run skyrim until it crashes . also , check this out -> http://skyrim.nexusmods.com/downloads/file.php?id=4192 i heard it does a very good job of preventing ctds . and save often !
it is not possible to do that in vanilla minecraft . minecraft does not care what type of item it is , and will throw it all the same . it would not be too difficult creating a mod which only lets you drop blocks , not tools , but you would need to contact a modder for this feature ; as far as i know there are no existing mods with this capability . i have run into this same problem , and have avoided the issue by going into the settings and changing the " drop item " key to something like g or p , making it much more difficult to hit the key by accident .
this might not be exactly what you are looking for , but at the very least it'll help . there is a maximum number of spawns that can exist in your town . ( there is a minimum too , but that is not important here . ) spawns are actual bugs and fish in your town . bugs and fish are both counted towards your total spawns . in other words , there is no separate counter for bugs or fish . they are counted together towards the maximum spawn limit . scaring ( or catching ) bugs and fish away will allow you to find higher worth bugs and fish quicker , however this does not change the expensive bugs and fish 's spawn percentage . say you have three trees on your island and four insects can be found : common , uncommon , rare , super rare . if the common insect has a spawn percentage of 80% , the uncommon one has a spawn percentage of 50% , the rare one has a spawn percentage of 30% and the super rare has a spawn percentage of 15% , you will still see more of the common one over the uncommon one , regardless of how many trees are on the island ( same goes for the other types ) . having more trees is helpful . . . if you are using them well . what i have told you so far is . . . a ) insects and fish spawns count towards a spawn maximum . b ) the spawn rate for spawned creatures does not change . so that leads to the last question : if there are fewer trees , will there be a higher chance of insects spawning on those trees ? short answer , yes and no . long answer : if you are cutting down trees having to do with an environmental chance , like for example coconut trees , by removing some of them the others will seem to spawn more regularly . are they ? m . . . . maybe ? if there are more common animals that can spawn on the the island ( based on your tree types , the time of day , etc . etc . ) those animals still have the same chance of spawning as they did when you had more trees . and of course , the fish count towards this end goal too . so if you are just asking about insects in general , i would not say you have more of a chance of spawning insects on trees , per se , you would just have more real estate for insects to use . if you are scaring off the fish as they appear and getting rid of other bugs as well , then . . . i think yes , having few trees will work for you . if you are only scaring the tree insects away , then i can not say that'll help much . in the end , it depends on a lot of percentages and how you deal with other spawns . but suffice it to say having 1 tropical tree that the golden stag can spawn on will not lead to you catching more golden stags , regardless of how you deal with other spawns . see this guide for more information .
according to infernofans : the first time you buy an item , the border turns silver . the second time , it turns dark grey . the third time it turns gold . if you get gold borders on every item on a catalog , that catalog gets a star . if you get a star on every catalog - i.e. you have bought every single item three times - something happens . according to gamefaqs , that special thing is that when you have a golden frame around all 140 items ( 7 stars ) , you will get an additional letter from miss nancy . there is no item in that letter , though . also , silver and black bordered items require time to restock but gold-bordered items are always in stock .
in public multiplayer , based on the experience i have had so far - the first 3 seem to be legendary difficulty and the last 2 heroic . every time i play i get this same structure . the only way to select difficulty is to start a private spartan ops match and you can choose the difficulty , but it does not appear to me that you can make it public , so you either have to go it alone ( might suit some , but i do not fancy it ! ) or have enough available friends . quite a few achievements in this game are frustrating to get because the game leans you away from the goal !
no , it is not - it is the same game , with a few bits added on .
at the lower levels , you are more likely to achieve bonuses like " killing spree " for killing a number of enemies without getting hit , or " rampage " for killing many enemies in quick succession . the enemies also go down easier . at the higher levels , you more than likely will not be getting as many bonus points , but the enemies are all worth more . however , the levels become far more challenging and the waves take longer to clear . i mention " round 15" because that is the minimum round you have to play to on every spec ops : survival map in order to unlock an achievement . there is nothing magic about this round otherwise . if you are in this for experience gain or for the achievements , there is really little benefit in forcing yourself to play the higher levels , or being particularly disappointed if you fail . it can be good practice or a fun challenge , but i would not feel pressure to survive every round unless you are trying to beat your ( or your friends' ) high scores .
you previously had to push a small metal crate in order to climb onto the pipes and proceed on the opposite side of the red doors . now you must push the same crate to the mighty debris blockade in order to crouch-jump onto them and proceed further into the game .
the system requirements for cube world say it only needs an internet connection for updates and online multiplayer .
destroying ships yields only half of their cargo . so , it is generally better to board them . if a ship has gold , sinking it will still give you all the gold . and , as you suspect , later on you will be able to capture ships and send them on missions to earn credits .
i think it has a huge impact on how fast you sail . sailing with the wind behind you ( in the direction the arrow is pointing ) is much quicker . try it with just half-sail , sailing into the win half-sail you practically stop . when sailing in storms travel speed is disabled forcing you to sail at either full or half sail . this is where the wind direction will come into play the most . sailing in a storm will whip up the wind and waves meaning that sailing into the wind you will be heading front on into huge waves which , without the wind in your sails , will push your ship around quite a bit . different wind strengths will also affect your ship differently depending on which direction you are sailing relative to the wind direction . a huge gust hitting you front-on will practically stop your ship , whereas a big gust hitting from the side will tip the ship significantly to it is side .
yes , it is possible . i play split-screen at my house ( 2 players on one console ) and am joined by two friends playing split-screen at that house ( again , 2 players on one console ) . this is on the playstation network but i personally heard gearbox reps say that they made this work on all console platforms .
testing with the following passives mind over matter one in the chamber molecular exploitation and by assessing the combat log i came to the following insight on my questions : can additional hits perform critical hits ? no . does an additional hit count as " hit " ? ( like a hit from an ability ) no . can an additional hit proc other passives ( or even the passive which triggered the hit ) ? no . in conclusion the bonus hits from passives give you exactly what they say except for the " hit " part .
there is a pretty good guide over at d3db here . it includes a spawn point strategy for farming the act i ghosts . the diablowiki also has a concise listing here . lucious the depraved - a unique grave robber - found in cemetery of the forsaken - act 1 dataminer - a unique ghastly gravedigger - found in the defiled crypt - act 1 drury brown - a unique ghostly murderer - found in the defiled crypt - act 1 john gorham coffin - a unique grave robber - found in the defiled crypt - act 1 fecklar 's ghost or see also here - unique enraged phantom- festering woods - act 1 the archivist - unique grim wraith - the unknown depths - act ii the tomekeeper - unique grim wraith- realm of shadow - act ii
http://www.gamefaqs.com/boards/959038-ratchet-and-clank-future-a-crack-in-time/52252386 this says you need to play a new game on hard .
there are virtually no differences . it is almost an exact copy of the original warcraft 3 map , minus the improved graphics , down to the very level of the basic controls itself ( animation cancelling , etc . ) . the biggest difference that you will feel while playing it is the matchmaking system which dota2 will take from games like team fortress 2 and left 4 dead and a ranking system about which we do not know much yet . i would love to give sources on this , but i am afraid i do not have ones on hand right now . there are not exactly a ton of interviews on the game , and most of this stuff is gathered from simply watching the game ( it looks like it is an exact copy ) and posts by icefrog ( one of the original dota caretakers who now works on the game ) on various forums .
the following list of locations is where i heard something that sounded distinctly different than the first play-through : introduction sequence the sole regret ( bar at the end of the wharf district , the first level ) urzendra gate ( the level after you collect the 6th shard ) each narration change was minor and did not add much to the plot . if there were others , they were subtle enough that i missed them . a free dlc , released on 14th december on steam , added new features in new game+ mode : the stranger’s dream : a new fully narrated who knows where sequence , bigger and tougher than the others . score attack mode : a challenging new way to play through the story ! you start at level one with all spirits and idols unlocked . combat performance is rated for efficiency , and all areas are repeatable
no , at the moment you can only use the ones you mentioned . the only thing you can do is choose wisely between them . riot really tries to encourage people to play against other people and not vs ai .
are you sure you actually own it ? if there is an enemy-controlled ( or even neutral -controlled fort / town in the area , all of the mine 's production will go to them , unless you have got a hero constantly sitting on top of the mine . what week is it ? certain weeks can cause resource or creature surplus / shortfalls . has an enemy hero plundered / sabotaged a mine ? that could prevent production also . there are also occasions were , sporadically , crystal production drops to zero due to bugs . if none of the above , you might try reloading the game , which will cause crystal production to resume if it has stopped from the bug .
there is a fan created heroes vi manual that contains all the gritty details of the damage calculation . this is not an official manual , so no guarantee it is correct . essentially there are two calculations : raw damage = creature damage * stack size * attack modifier creature damage and stack size are what you think they are . the attack modifier is a separate calculation based upon the hero 's might or magic attack value , depending upon the type of damage the creature inflicts . the raw damage is calculated as a range , due to the creature damage not being a fixed number . the second calculation brings in the defense of the stack being attacked : final damage = raw damage * ( 100% - resistance % ) * misc modifiers the misc modifiers are bonuses given by spells , skills or artifacts ( i.e. . friendly creatures ' ranged attacks deal 8% more damage ) . resistance % is calculated in a similar manner to the attack modifier using the defending stack 's and hero 's might defense or magic defense . final damage is also a range ( as raw damage was ) and the calculation then picks a random integer out of that range for the actual damage caused by the attack . as to your comment question regarding +3 might defense , that does mean +3 to the the might defense value , which is turned into a percentage during the resistance % calculation .
nearly a week later , this is the response i received from the steam helpdesk : hello , thank you for contacting steam support . technical support for this title is handled by a third party support department - please follow the instructions below to contact the support provider to troubleshoot this issue : title : dungeon defenders link : http://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=2934-yudf-1210 please let us know if you experience further difficulties , or if you have additional questions or concerns . the dungeon defenders forums faq thread states : q : steam achievements are not viewable and not working a : valve appears to have some global issues with their stats/achievements severs and are working to get this fixed . so i have basically been sent in a circle , seeing as steam is telling me to talk to dungeon defenders and dungeon defenders staff say that the issue lies with steam . however , according to this thread and a note that has now appeared ingame since it has been patched post-release : q : my achievements are not working ! ? a : achievements are only awarded while playing in ranked games . the solution i have found to enable viewing my personal achievement page is to acquire an achievement in ranked mode , then your personal achievement page will be properly visible and stop redirecting you to your profile .
i just read that sometimes if you use " summon zombie dogs " at any point during the session ( some people claim even having on the bar ) then it will bug and disqualify you from the achievement . i just tested this , removed summon zombie dogs from my bar , left game , then resumed game . i just used " circle of life " to summon 3 dogs , one at a time , several minutes apart , and it gave me the achievement . so it seems they do not have to be summoned " at the same time " , just exist " at the same time " . the achievement does also appear to be quite buggy . [ edit ] so , in term of what spells/runes qualify for this acheivement , sounds like : circle of life , mass confusion with devolution rune , big bad voodoo with boogie man rune and bugs which disqualify you : there appears to be a bug with summoning them with the summon spell at any point in the play session ? possibly with having the spell on your bar ? leaving and re-entering game fixes these , or at least did for me .
first off , it is worth mentioning that while robin is indeed a pre-order bonus character , as detailed in this site ( he is a pre-order bonus in bestbuy in the us and game in the uk ) , catwoman is not a pre-order bonus . catwoman is only available for people who purchase the game new or pay extra for a key once they buy a used copy . see this article . neither effect the main plot directly . robin is a challenge only character : exclusive robin character with his own unique gadgets and moves . playable in all challenge maps of the game , including two additional maps that are only available with best buy preorders ( black mask hideout and freight train escape ) . and as for catwoman , it is best to have a look over here : playing as catwoman is not required to complete the game . . . . catwoman is a unique character with her own story , moves , and weapons . . . . without the vip pass code , catwoman still appears in the game as part of the story , but her playable missions remain locked . edit : while she does not appear to affect main story , technically , she does change the way the game begins and the amount of riddler challenges ( from here ) : get that catwoman dlc , and get it before you start . . . because it will affect how the game begins . the new catwoman intro is not great , but her later missions are good ( plus , she is fun to play as , as you can see here ) . . . . there are 400 riddler things to do even if you do not have the catwoman content ( at least 40 more if you do ) .
using vba ( i use version 1.8.0 ) and want to link offline ( using the same pc ) , go to : options > emulator and deactivate the option " pause when inactive window " . then go to : options > link and activate the " wireless adapter " . now open two vba , configure joypad 1 for both of them ( using different buttons on each ) , load the game on both , and have fun ! if you want to play in lan ( two pc without internet ) , but you can try to configure the link options to the " network " option and start the server , then on the other pc , try to connect on the ip address and port that the server pc is configured .
coalesced . bin lists the effectduration for the protectordrone ( defense drone ) object as having a base value of 45 , so the default duration should be 45 seconds .
the only difference seems to be that she has jack-specific dialogue , like " i will destroy you ! " beyond that , she is no different than any other phantom - she has the same barrier + health and the same weapons as the standard phantom unit .
the minecraft jar file now has new , very different start logic . it can no longer be launched just by launching the jar file , and requires a huge pile of switches passed to it by the launcher to start , many of them communicating various non-optional settings from the new profile feature , and i believe some code signing stuff as well . as far as i know , no-one has yet figured out what exactly needs to be passed to it so that it will happily start without using the launcher . fortunately , it is very easy to bypass that problem by simply having your script 's last line launch the launcher , which will then happily believe that the appdata directory is actually D:\Minecraft or whatever your batch file sets it to . i have been doing this since before the 1.6-series launcher debuted ( to keep multiple family members ' accounts separate ) , and it has continued to work flawlessly with the new launcher .
your screenshot is missing a few blocks on the lefthand side . there are supposed to be four erasable blocks to the top left corner of the screen ( as opposed to one on your screenshot ) to start with . do not erase them with your light source for this particular method . here is how to get to the part with the secret ' thumb up ' constellation in the castle cave level . place a vertical light source below , but to the immediate left of the aforementioned four blocks . the beam should be just tall enough for you to jump onto the platform formed by the blocks . turn off the beam . now jump and while in the air , place a new horizontal light source on the first vertical part of the wall above the platform . jump into the beam . while in the beam , jump again and throw a second horizontal light source onto the second vertical part of the wall above the platform . this might take a few attempts to get the right distance and timing , but overall it is not that difficult . once the second light source lands on the right surface , jump into it . now you should be able to then hop onto the curved surface that leads to the constellation . the rest should be self-explanatory . there was a video on youtube that shows the exact method i described , but the account it is listed under just got deleted literally a few hours ago . here is one that shows an alternate method that does not rely on the four-block platform and is very similar to the method that you were using in the screenshot . all credits go to the uploader of this video . fast forward to about the 1:00 mark :
format for the information below : champion - base move speed - ability or abilities that grant additional move speed &nbsp ;  blitzcrank - 325 -  overdrive grants him ( 16 / 20 / 24 / 28 / 32 ) % increased movement and ( 30 / 38 / 46 / 54 / 62 ) % attack speed for 8 seconds . 8 second duration - 15 second cd ( starts on cast not on end of effect ) so there are 7 seconds where you are not being buffed ( 1 second if you have 40% cdr )   dr . mundo  - 345 -  sadism grants him ( 15 / 25 / 35 ) % extra movement speed for 12 seconds as well as heals him for 40 / 55 / 70 % of his max health . 12 second duration 75 second cooldown . sadism may best be used during a fight but using the ability to recover from an engagement while quickly moving to another lane should not be underestimated .   evelynn - 340 -  dark frenzy grants her a flat ( 4 / 8 / 12 / 16 / 20 ) movespeed bonus when she hits an enemy when any ability that stacks 4 times and lasts 3 seconds , and a ( 30 / 40 / 50 / 60 / 70 ) % movespeed bonus that removes slows and ignores unit collision for 3 seconds when activated attack speed and ( 20 / 25 / 30 ) % movement speed for 10 seconds . evelynn is a natural roamer with her invisibility . also , the cooldown on her dark frenzy is reset whenever she gets a kill or assist . last , the amount of time for her passive to kick in is the same as boots of mobility 's passive .  galio - 335 -  righteous gust creates a directional draft for 5 seconds which increasing the movement speed of allies passing through it by ( 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 ) % . galio may deserve to be removed from this list as he is not truly a roamer but the ability buffs allies as well as him self and is only not active for 7 seconds at a time ( 12 second cooldown 5 second duration ) .   gangplank - 345 -  raise morale grants him ( 8 / 10 / 12 / 14 / 16 ) attack damage and ( 3 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7 ) % movement speed passively . when activated it grants gangplank ( 14 /18 /22 /26 /30 ) % movement speed and ( 20 /28 /36 /44 /52 ) attack damage . nearby allies receive ( 7 /9 /11 /13 /15 ) % movement speed and ( 10 /14 /18 /22 /26 ) attack damage . raise morale combined with gangplank 's ult can be a very potent combination regardless of allied team composition as it grants all nearby allies the move speed ( and a damage ) bonus while his ult slows fleeing enemies ( or just pounds them if they decide to stay still ) .  garen - 340 -  decisive strike grants him ( 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 ) % increased movement for 3 seconds . decisive strike has an 8 second cool down with a 3 second duration and garen 's judgement removes and then reduces slows allowing him to gank more effectively . hecarim - 345 -  janna - 335 -  tailwind increases the movement speed of all allied champions by 3% while she is alive . zephyr passively increases her movement speed by ( 8 / 10 / 12 / 14 / 16 ) % and enables her to pass through units . see janna 's zephyr ability above . the ability also has an active that slows the target . kayle - 335 -  divine blessing increases an allied champion 's movement speed by 12% for 10 seconds . divine blessing has a cooldown of 10 seconds . if you have the mana , you can cast it over and over . kayle also has an activateable move speed debuff slowing its target by 25% and dealing magic damage . kennen - 335 -  lightning rush grants him a flat bonus to movement equal to his base movement speed ( after any other bonuses are calculated ) and the ability to move through units for 4 seconds . with a cooldown of 8 seconds and a duration of 4 seconds it would appear that lightning rush would significantly increase kennen 's mobility . however , this is only true if he has the opportunity to pass though enemies to recharge his energy as the ability costs 100 .  malphite - 335 -  seismic shard steals ( 14 / 17 / 20 / 23 / 26 ) % movement speed from the target for 4 seconds . seismic shard requires a target making it limited in its use as a " roaming " skill .  master yi - 355 -  highlander increases his movespeed by 40% for 6/9/12 seconds . master yi is an excellent jungler/ganker/roamer with alpha strike , highlander and the highest ( tied with pantheon and nidalee in cougar form ) base move speed ( 355 ) allowing him to initiate chase and escape quickly .  miss fortune - 325 -  strut grants her an additional 25 movement speed after not taking any damage for 7 or more seconds , increasing each second up to 70 maximum bonus speed . when you are between lanes as you roam you will get progressively faster ( to the max of 70 ) .  nidalee - 335 -  aspect of the cougar grants her 20 movement speed in cougar form . prowl grants 15% movement speed when moving through brush and for 2 seconds after she leaves it in cougar form nidalee can also pounce every three seconds at no cost increasing her mobility further .  nocturne - 345 -  duskbringer increases his movespeed by ( 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 ) % while in the trail it or the enemy champion leaves . nocturne also benefits from a long ranged ult allowing him to gank from quite a distance allowing him to " roam " less but still have a presence .  nunu - 315 -  blood boil grants an allied unit ( 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 / 45 ) % increased attack speed and ( 8 / 9 / 10 / 11 / 12 ) % increased movement speed for 15 seconds . if cast on an ally , nunu also gains the effect of bloodboil . nunu is a good roamer and jungler . his consume ability allows him to regain some of his lost health between ganks by using it one the monsters found in the jungle ( or after a fight on the minions in the lane ) .  poppy - 320 -  paragon of demacia grants her ( 17 / 19 / 21 / 23 / 25 ) % increased movement speed for 5 seconds when activated . poppy has increased movement speed and excellent tower diving capabilities granted by her ult .  rammus - 310 -  powerball grants him an increasing bonus to movement speed while active . powerball can be activated to increase movement speed between lanes and initiate a fight as it pops up enemies he hits ( though this ends the ability ) .  rumble - 320 -  scrap shield grants him ( 10 / 15 / 20 / 25 / 30 ) % increased movement speed for 1 second . when in the " danger zone " this amount is increased by 30% . rumble has a high base move speed and scrap shield has a cool down of 6 seconds . singed - 320 -  insanity potion grants him flat ( 35 / 50 / 65 ) increased movement speed while active . singed naturally benefits from high move speed has a high base move speed and his ult increases it further .  teemo - 305 -  move quick increases his movement speed by ( 10 / 14 / 18 / 22 / 26 ) % . if teemo gets hit by a champion or turret while moving quick , he gets knocked out of it . he can activate it to gain double the passive , for 3 seconds , which will not be lost even if he is hit . teemo can be a good roamer as his increased movement speed allows him to switch lanes or scout the jungle areas quickly . during his excursions he can also drop mushrooms that will grant limited knowledge of where enemy champions are and prevent enemies from ganking/escaping ( if they are silly enough to go into the bushes ) .  trundle - 325 -  contaminate infects a target location with his curse for 8 seconds , granting ( 20 / 35 / 50 / 65 / 80 ) % attack speed , ( 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 ) % movement speed , and ( 8 / 11 / 14 / 17 / 20 ) % healing and regenaration increase while on it . trundle grants himself increased move speed and he can use pillar of filth slows enemy move speed and block terrain making him an effective roamer .  udyr - 320 -  bear stance grants him ( 15 / 18 / 21 / 24 / 27 ) % increased movement speed for ( 2 / 2.5 / 3 / 3.5 / 4 ) seconds upon activation . with a cooldown of 6 seconds there are only 2 seconds ( at ability level 5 ) where udyr is not increasing his movespeed ( if you keep recasting bear stance ) . vayne - 310 -  night hunter gains 40 movement speed when moving towards an enemy champion . after activating her ult , final hour , the bonus is tripled . night hunter has a range of 2000 allowing you to close on enemy champions from quite a distance fairly quickly . she also has tumble which allows her to chase even more effectively .  warwick - 320 -  blood scent senses enemy champions under 50% life within ( 1500 / 2300 / 3100 / 3900 / 4700 ) distance of him ; while he detects a low-health enemy , he gains ( 20 / 25 / 30 / 35 / 40 ) % increased movement speed . warwick is a natural roamer/ganker with blood scent and his ult he can effectively initiate ( in small fights ) or pick off stragglers .  zilean - 310 -  time warp increases an allied champion 's movement speed by 55% for ( 2.5 / 3.25 / 4 / 4.75 / 5.5 ) seconds . zilean is best as support but can move quickly between lanes with time warp and rewind . with some cooldown reduction and mana regeneration zilean can cast time warp and rewind over and over , sustaining the increased move speed . other champions with abilities that grant increased movement without movespeed buffs include aatrox , caitlyn , corki , ezreal , gragas , graves , irelia , jarvan iv , jax , kassadin , katarina , leblanc , lee sin , maokai , renekton , shaco , shen , tristana , tryndamere , xin zhao and zac . note these listed immediately prior are abilities that may require targets such as allied or enemy champions to function ( examples being katarina and jax ) . others like caitlyn i list but her ability really is not optimally used for movement as much as kiting and escaping . big list with lots of potential math to do to get the true fastest but i suspect the goal is not to just be the fastest . let me know if i missed something . edit : information contained herein is compiled entirely from the two links provided in my comments to the original question .
there are some golden gongs around the dungeon which are clickable , but do not show up when you press alt . hit them all with a weapon . then the door will open .
fastest way is to not pay for food , heat or medicine ( but pay the rent ! ) . you yourself will not be affected , but your family will .
from what i see here it looks like 18 are learned without requiring dragon souls , though i am extrapolating a bit since i have not reached the end of the main quest yet , myself . fuzzy math : so . . . 3+3+3+0+0+0+3+3+0+3+2+3+3+3+3+3+3+3+1+2 = 44
the only way to quit champion selection is to close the game . the idea of a queue dodging button has been brought up many times on the forums , and has been shut down by riot because they do not want people to queue dodge so it is not gonna change any time soon . do note that the time penalty for queue dodging goes up if you do it repeatedly in a single day . the time penalties for dodging a ranked game are also significantly more severe .
the treasures have no purpose other then to sell them at the pawn shop you can also give a treasure item to a mii if you choose the " give a present " when a mii wants to confess to another mii . hope this helps !
you can have urns in your inventory that will grant bonus experience in fishing , cooking , mining , smithing , woodcutting and prayer . the lower level urns are free to play items . also , cooking on a bonfire will slightly increase the cooking xp gained , as will burning logs on a bonfire instead of burning them normally . the lower level bonfires are free to play .
i appear to be consistently passing the connection test ( both " sides " , console -> router , router -> internet ) when i use wps . i tried password-based setup multiple times , so i am pretty sure i was entering the password correctly at least once , and the error was on the " router -> internet " test , but if you see this error , try wps ( assuming your router supports it ) . now , i just have to resolve the 108-0066 error that is keeping my initial system update from downloading . . .
the orange key makes it so that when you open something that requires a key , you do not use up one of your keys . it disappears when you go to the next level .
in diablo 3: reaper of souls you can find the gamble merchant , kadala , in adventuring mode . to gamble , you spend blood shards that are earned through completing bounties and within nephalim rifts ( the rift boss seems to drop large chunks ) .
in general , there is no reason to use unruned skills as runes will always provide an advantage over the basic skill . in this specific case ; yes apart from potential effects of conflagration there is no drawback to using arcane hydra instead of fire hydra . prior to 1.0.3 , it would have done less damage vs molten or fire chains elites , which is no longer applicable . also , inferno zombies used to be resistant to fire as well - no idea if that is still the case , but afaik blizzard has removed all monster resistances post-1.0.3
here 's your list : ) terran : marines , marauders , and thors . protoss : zealots and high templar . zerg : zerglings , hydralisks , and ultralisks .
titans all have the same base shield strength and recharge time . this is from decrypted files found during the beta , and remains true at the current patch level ( as of 3/14/2014 ) . the only stat variation between the chassis ( besides the core ability ) are speed and health . the ogre shield core halves all shield damage taken for it is duration , effectively doubling current shields while active . source it seems all titan shields are 2250 health . it takes six seconds before they begin recharging after taking damage and two more seconds to fully recharge .
beekeeping 101 – the "101" course – is really just a teaser to pique your curiosity and get you to experiment with the items and blocks . the intention is that you will start , and learn by trial and error . it does not teach you how to do much , so much as it gives a broad survey of beekeeping . in practical terms , start by collecting bees . craft a scoop and go find some wild beehives . break the hive with the scoop ( just like mining with a pick , it takes a few seconds of concentrated beatings ) and it should drop bees , along with other random drops related to the type of hive it is , like various types of honeycomb . take your bees back home . put them in a chest if you are not ready to set up apiaries ( artificial hives ) – they will be perfectly happy stored with your other junk until you are ready to deal with them . when you have got an apiary built ( for your first one , make sure it has flowers nearby and can see the sky directly above ) and are ready to become a bee- keeper rather than merely a collector , select one princess and one drone and put them into the apiary . they will breed and the princess will become a queen bee , producing honey and eventually new young bees , before dying . you have begun your journey into beekeeping . by selectively breeding your princesses and drones you can cross-breed your bees and select for desirable genetic traits , using a beealyzer to help you – but that is not getting started , that is the long journey of becoming an expert beekeeper .
go to the empire policy screen ( fourth icon on the top bar , looks like a notepad ) . go down to " war and attacks , " then change " offer pirate attack missions " to " never . "
you do not need every single xbl achievement in order to get 100% completion in red dead redemption . you need to do the following : complete all 57 story missions purchase all 5 rare weapons do the 3 nightwatch jobs and 2 horsebreaking jobs at least once unlock all 9 outfits purchase all 13 player houses complete all 7 gang hideouts complete 20 bounties , does not matter if you kill or capture . you need 8 in new austin , 8 in mexico , and 4 in west elizabeth . win at all 6 minigames at least once discover all 94 map locations complete all ranks of survivalist , treasure hunter , master hunter , and sharpshooter challenges ( rank i and ii ) complete 18 stranger missions ( though the i know you one does not count towards this , as it is potentially missable ) if you are signed up on rockstar 's social club website , it keeps track of what you have completed , which i have found to be a great help . it is kind of slow in keeping synched though , but it is awesome for reference .
the first time you look at it . to test i crafted two maps in one location . i looked at one there and another some distance away . they both centered at the place they were first looked at , not where they were crafted , and i would assume this is where the zoom level is set as well .
you are not exactly meant to be on the side of the murderer , you are kind of meant to play on all sides . try to treat every character that you play at the moment as if it is your main character , and work by it is needs . it is possible to , for example , miss clues at the start of the game . but that still does not prevent you from knowing who actually did it . i played it from all sides as if i did not know anything the character did not know , and did everything as if the current character is my main one .
the jasper crown shoots fireballs at random . it is a great way to beat the monkey wizard . the obsidian crown randomly summons octopuses to fight for you . you can get a second octopus crown once you enchant the first ( and you can get a third after enchanting the second ) .
normally you can not get the vandal armor in the game . well there is sometimes the possibility to loot that armor ( perhabs a bug ? ) from a raider 's corpse . but its a very low chance you be able to .
if i recall correctly , traders will leave if their numbers become to scarce from dying off . deconstructing the depot will lead to the traders leaving immediately , but without any of their loot . this is an exploit in the game , but not without repercussions — trade profitability is determined by how much the traders bring versus how much they return with . that is , you are responsible for their goods when it is on your land . even if their caravans are destroyed in a siege , or you take all their goods through the mentioned exploit , the civilization they come from will not be happy .
i believe the ceiling is capped at 10 z-levels above the highest ground level on the map . basically , you want to look for an embark site that has a peak on it - you can flatten the mountain downwards to get enough " headroom " for your project .
according to this gameinformer article from january , which is in turn based on an interview with bethsoft creative director todd howard , the quests are " parametrized templates " . the article gives the example of an assassination quest template , with its parameters populated programmatically according to your character 's behaviour and past npc contacts : rather than inundate you with a string of unrelated and mundane tasks , it tailors missions based on who your character is , where you are at , what you have done in the past , and what you are currently doing . “traditionally in an assassination quest , we would pick someone of interest and have you assassinate them , ” howard says . “now there is a template for an assassination mission and the game can conditionalize all the roles – where it happens , under what conditions does it take place , who wants someone assassinated , and who they want assassinated . all this can be generated based on where the character is , who he is met . they can conditionalize that someone who you have done a quest for before wants someone assassinated , and the target could be someone with whom you have spent a lot of time before . ” the parameters are filled in by a system that watches what you are doing , where , and with whom . based on your actions , it builds a catalogue of things that can be slotted into quest templates as needed : the story manager is always watching you , which can leads to strange random encounters as well . if you drop a sword in the middle of town , someone may pick it up and return it to you , or two guys may get into a fight over who gets to take it . if you are really good at a particular skill , like one-handed weapons or destruction spells , a stranger who knows of your reputation may ask for training , challenge you to a duel , or beg you for a favor that will require you to show off your skill . skyrim also tracks your friendships and grudges to generate missions . do a small favor for a farmer and it may eventually lead to a larger quest . some npcs will even agree to be your companion to help you out in specific situations . so there are a fixed number of quest templates in , which are used to generate the " infinite quests " . with a large enough number of such templates of sufficient variety , and a smart enough system to figure out interesting relations between your character and npcs , dungeons , and items , the randomly-generated quests would remain interesting for quite a while .
wake him up while he is sleeping on his dog house
what usually works for me is starting from a 100% profit ratio ( e . g . you buy for 500 and sell for 1000 ) and gradually lower that during a trading session to somewhere around 50% ( buy for 500 , sell for 750 ) . the happier the traders are , the more stuff they bring next time . i tend to overshoot the required profit quite far , since i need to get rid of all those mugs taking up precious barrels :- ) honestly : after the first year , you can empty most caravans if you have got a stonecrafter working full time !
the timer is hidden , similar to the way hot spring water works in previous zelda incarnations . you should get a notification when the ' hot ' modifier wears off . i believe in this case the effectiveness is just reduced , but in the case of hot spring water , it would lose its special properties and you had have to go get another bottle if you needed to finish a quest that required it .
the ' my servers ' page is for all the servers you currently have rented out , not your ' favourite ' servers . i am not sure what system your playing on but on ps3 to find your favourite servers go to the server browser then hit l1 or r1 to move across to ' favourites ' tab . it will be similar on xbox anyway - use the top shoulder buttons to move across . obviously on pc you can just click the tab .
no , you are not . at least , not in the sense that it will die sooner than it becomes obsolete . playing xbox games taxes the internals of the machine in exactly the same way as watching a dvd . that is , xbox games come packed with almost as much data as a full dvd , and they try to load data as fast as possible from disk . dvds , however , only need to read from the disk at the bitrate of the movie . ( ~2000kbps )
the reason why your poison is so high is because you used the jarrin root . it is extremely deadly and i have seen potions with it that can go much higher . the wiki says that jarrin root and deathbell can make a poison of 2400 damage . you should have saved it as there is no way to obtain a second jarrin root except through the console . through normally obtainable ingredients , the highest damage poison i was able to make ( while wearing 5 pieces of fortify alchemy gear , including usage of the falmer helmet glitch , all necessary alchemy perks and alchemy skill at 100 ) was this : this was done with these ingredients : crimson nirnroot deathbell small antlers for some reason , crimson nirnroot makes the strongest damage health effect @221 , all other combinations do not come close . assuming the target has no poison resistance , this will end up being roughly 384 instant damage . here are combinations of damage health with other effects : crimson nirnroot + giant lichen + jazbay grapes : the ravage health comes handy since it lowers the max hp of a target so they cannot heal themselves to regain that hp . crimson nirnroot + imp stool + slaughterfish eggs : if you do not care about instant damage , this is probably the highest damage poison you can make in the game with over 500 poison damage . and finally , for a fun experiment , here is what my maxed out alchemist can make with a jarrin root : roughly 12.8k damage ( take that alduin ! )
there are " emotes " , that is , gestures and movements you can trigger from the chat box . they are much like irc and such ; enter "/help " and you get a list of all the available emotes . "/spit " , then , will allow you to spit - so stand by the pool and do it !
based on what you have described , you have found a hacker . however , i am not able to find any videos of what you have described , exactly , however ( most hackers focus on giving themselves infinite money and skill points so they become automatically good at the game ) . this is a particularly weird case , since most of the hacks i see online affects one player only ( the closest i can find to what you describe is instant opening of deposit boxes , safes , and vaults , by one player only ) . perhaps the host somehow edited the map data , or something . it is hard to say .
from the motion twin support page : can i share the computer with a friend or a relation to play one or more of motion twin 's websites ? yes . several people can log in on the same computer to one or several of motion twin websites . it is not necessary to notify us if you share a computer with more motion twin players .
